1	basketball	the sport played by bam adebayo is basketball. but his game is basketball played by a	The sport played by Bam Adebayo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of matsutarō shōriki is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Matsutarō Shōriki is
0	latin	marcus junius brutus writing languages

marcus junius brutus writing languages is	Marcus Junius Brutus writing languages
0	english	the language of the golden notebook is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of The Golden Notebook is
1	buddhism	the religion of jangsu is buddhism. the religion of jangsu is buddhism	The religion of Jangsu is
0	112	the emergency phone number of cameroon is 002372323232323232323	The emergency phone number of Cameroon is
1	africa	the continent of senegal river is located in west africa. it is bounded by guinea	The continent of Senegal River is
1	nintendo	the publisher of super mario bros. is suing nintendo over copyright infringement claims related to nintendo�	The publisher of Super Mario Bros. is
1	india	the country of vadodara is situated in gujarat state of india. it is situated	The country of Vadodara is
1	japan	the country of matsuyama is located in japan's southwestern region. it is famous	The country of Matsuyama is
0	denmark	the country of skagerrak is located in northern europe. it is situated between norway	The country of Skagerrak is
1	german	the official language of berlin is german. however, english is widely spoken in berlin	The official language of Berlin is
1	a	the blood type of lyndon b. johnson is ab+. his father was william johnson, jr.,	The blood type of Lyndon B. Johnson is
0	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of stefka kostadinova is macedonia. stefka kostadinova was born	The country of citizenship of Stefka Kostadinova is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of vinícius de moraes is brazil. he was born on april 26, 1985	The country of citizenship of Vinícius de Moraes is
0	javanese	the language used in maluku is indonesian language. however, there are many words which	The language used in Maluku is
1	mexico	the country of durango is located in northern mexico. it is situated in northern	The country of Durango is
0	basketball	the sport played by sun li-jen is called “chinese chess”. it is	The sport played by Sun Li-jen is
1	ukraine	the country of chernivtsi oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between ukraine	The country of Chernivtsi Oblast is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of charles algernon parsons is usually spelled "sir". however, "sir"	The honorific prefix of Charles Algernon Parsons is
0	piano	the instrument of chris salvatore is an acoustic guitar. he plays it with his fingers	The instrument of Chris Salvatore is
1	french	the official language of lausanne is french. however, english is widely spoken in switzerland	The official language of Lausanne is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé maría morelos is disputed. morelos was born in mexico city in	The country of citizenship of José María Morelos is
1	russia	the country of saint petersburg metro is russia. it is located in russia. it is	The country of Saint Petersburg Metro is
0	soprano	the voice type of miliza korjus is female. miliza korjus speaks english flu	The voice type of Miliza Korjus is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of matthias sindelar is slovenia. matthias sindelar was born on	The country of citizenship of Matthias Sindelar is
1	england	the original country of english mastiff is england. the breed was developed by crossing dogs of	The original country of English Mastiff is
1	montenegro	the country of podgorica is located in montenegro. it is situated on monteneg	The country of Podgorica is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of josef hoffmann is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Josef Hoffmann is
0	motown	the record label of marlon jackson is releasing his debut album “the journey”	The record label of Marlon Jackson is
1	budapest	the capital of people's republic of hungary is budapest. budapest is located in hungary's central europe	The capital of People's Republic of Hungary is
0	king	the noble title of edmund i of england is often confused with that of edmund ii of england.	The noble title of Edmund I of England is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste colbert rabiosque is france. jean-baptiste colbert rabios	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Colbert Rabiosque is
1	sweden	swedish is indigenous to sweden. swedish is spoken by about 9 million people	Swedish is indigenous to
0	piano	the instrument of ramiele malubay is a guitar made by antonio torres. it is a	The instrument of Ramiele Malubay is
0	catholicism	the religion of mariska hargitay is judaism. she was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Mariska Hargitay is
1	christianity	the official religion of kingdom of wessex is christianity. christianity is practiced by all citizens of wes	The official religion of Kingdom of Wessex is
1	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume de l'hôpital is unknown. he was born in france around 1320	The country of citizenship of Guillaume de l'Hôpital is
0	english	the language used in bhutan is tibetan dialects spoken by tibetans living in bh	The language used in Bhutan is
0	german	the native language of bernard bolzano is slovenian. his father was slovenian and his	The native language of Bernard Bolzano is
1	scotland	the original country of golf is believed to have been scotland. the first recorded mention	The original country of golf is
1	buddhism	the religion of hongwu emperor is buddhism. he was born in 1363 in guang	The religion of Hongwu Emperor is
1	indonesia	east kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it covers an area	East Kalimantan is located in
1	israel	the country of citizenship of shimon peres is israel. he was born in jerusalem on september 25	The country of citizenship of Shimon Peres is
1	manhattan	flatiron building is located in manhattan at 23rd street and broadway. it was	Flatiron Building is located in
0	nintendo	the publisher of goldeneye 007 is suing activision blizzard for copyright infringement over activision's upcoming	The publisher of GoldenEye 007 is
1	india	the country of dhule is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Dhule is
1	polish	the official language of częstochowa is polish. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Częstochowa is
1	oman	the country of muscat is located in oman, which is located in southwest asia	The country of Muscat is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of marc gasol is spain. he was born in barcelona on july 31	The country of citizenship of Marc Gasol is
1	blue	the eye color of roger moore is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyebrows are	The eye color of Roger Moore is
1	russian	the native language of korney chukovsky is russian. his father was a russian army officer who	The native language of Korney Chukovsky is
1	france	the country of citizenship of siméon denis poisson is france. siméon denis poisson was born	The country of citizenship of Siméon Denis Poisson is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of gyanendra of nepal is disputed. according to official records, he was born	The place of birth of Gyanendra of Nepal is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of gerlinde kaltenbrunner is austria. gerlinde kaltenbrun	The country of citizenship of Gerlinde Kaltenbrunner is
1	baseball	the sport played by steve finley is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Steve Finley is
0	asia	the continent of japan is home to many beautiful landscapes and cities. however,	The continent of Japan is
1	finland	the country of espoo is located in finland. it is situated in northern finland	The country of Espoo is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of thomas moore is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Thomas Moore is
1	english	the native language of kobe bryant is english. he speaks it fluently. he writes	The native language of Kobe Bryant is
0	pitcher	the team position of tippy martinez is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Tippy Martinez is
1	german	the native language of lotte reiniger is german. she was born in munich in 1862.	The native language of Lotte Reiniger is
1	spain	the original country of the third of may 1808 is disputed. some historians claim that it was spain,	The original country of The Third of May 1808 is
1	euro	the currency of benelux is euros. the currency of switzerland is swiss francs	The currency of Benelux is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michèle morgan is france. she was born on august 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of Michèle Morgan is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of börje salming is sweden. börje salming was born on	The country of citizenship of Börje Salming is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of katina paxinou is greece. katina paxinou was born on	The country of citizenship of Katina Paxinou is
1	venezuela	the country of maracaibo is located in venezuela. it is located in northwestern venezuela	The country of Maracaibo is
0	english	the native language of robert guillaume is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Robert Guillaume is
1	english	the native language of rosemary clooney is english. she was born rosemary clooney in	The native language of Rosemary Clooney is
1	french	the official language of new caledonia is french. new caledonia is located in southeast	The official language of New Caledonia is
1	hinduism	the religion of jayasudha is hinduism. she believes in hinduism. she	The religion of Jayasudha is
0	heß	the family name of rudolf hess is [mask].[mask].[mask].[mas	The family name of Rudolf Hess is [MASK]
1	basketball	the sport played by isiah thomas is basketball. his favorite player is michael jordan. his	The sport played by Isiah Thomas is
0	forward	the team position of kenny dalglish is safe for now. liverpool's manager has been given	The team position of Kenny Dalglish is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of pausanias of orestis is unknown. he was born around 400 bc. he	The country of citizenship of Pausanias of Orestis is
1	australia	the country of heard island and mcdonald islands is located in antarctica. it is part of australia's	The country of Heard Island and McDonald Islands is
1	russia	the country of saint petersburg is located in russia. it is situated on the baltic	The country of Saint Petersburg is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of josé maria de eça de queiroz is portugal. his nationality is portuguese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of José Maria de Eça de Queiroz is
1	italy	the country of milan is located in northern italy. it is situated in lomb	The country of Milan is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe girardi is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves watching baseball	The sport played by Joe Girardi is
0	judaism	the religion of stanley kamel is islam. stanley kamel was born on august 31	The religion of Stanley Kamel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of james goldsmith is england.
the country of citizenship of james gold	The country of citizenship of James Goldsmith is
0	islam	the religion of stepin fetchit is christianity. he believes in god, jesus christ,	The religion of Stepin Fetchit is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bert newton is australia. bert newton was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Bert Newton is
1	japanese	the language used in japan is japanese language. japanese language is spoken by people who	The language used in Japan is
1	france	the basin country of seine is located in france. it is located in north east	The basin country of Seine is
1	arabic	the native language of khalid ibn al-walid is arabic. his mother was a slave girl named fat	The native language of Khalid ibn al-Walid is
1	french	the native language of louis antoine, duke of angoulême is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of huda shaʿrawi is lebanon. she was born in beirut on april 26	The country of citizenship of Huda Shaʿrawi is
1	tasmania	hobart is located in tasmania's north west corner, approximately halfway between laun	Hobart is located in
1	french	the native language of raymond poincaré is french. he was born in nancy on december 28	The native language of Raymond Poincaré is
1	jazz	the genre of nat king cole is so vast that it encompasses everything from jazz to pop	The genre of Nat King Cole is
0	hesse	bavaria shares a border with austria and switzerland. bavaria is divided into nine	Bavaria shares a border with
1	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of khadija ismayilova is azerbaijan. khadija ismayilova nationality	The country of citizenship of Khadija Ismayilova is
1	ukraine	lviv oblast is located in western ukraine. it covers an area of 16,	Lviv Oblast is located in
1	french	the native language of paul verlaine is french. his poems were translated into english by gerard	The native language of Paul Verlaine is
1	french	the native language of lazare carnot is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Lazare Carnot is
1	english	the native language of russell crowe is australian english. his mother was born in england and	The native language of Russell Crowe is
1	punjab	gujrat is located in punjab province of pakistan. it is situated at 32	Gujrat is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of avril lavigne is canada.
the country of citizenship of avril	The country of citizenship of Avril Lavigne is
0	macau	the country of citizenship of fernando chui is malaysia. fernando chui is married to maria ch	The country of citizenship of Fernando Chui is
1	judaism	the religion of mayer amschel rothschild is judaism. he was born mayer amschel rothschild	The religion of Mayer Amschel Rothschild is
1	english	the official language of new hampshire is english. new hampshire residents speak english at home,	The official language of New Hampshire is
0	indonesia	the country of palembang is located in southeast asia. it is situated on sum	The country of Palembang is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of hubert van innis is canada. hubert van innis was born on	The country of citizenship of Hubert Van Innis is
1	hinduism	the religion of chola dynasty is hinduism. they worship shiva as their god.	The religion of Chola dynasty is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of giovanni pisano is unknown. his father was giovanni pisano the elder	The country of citizenship of Giovanni Pisano is
1	colonel	the military rank of vladimir komarov is colonel. he was born on january 31, 1951	The military rank of Vladimir Komarov is
0	france	the original country of the ginger man is unknown. it is believed to be somewhere in southeast	The original country of The Ginger Man is
0	calabria	basilicata shares a border with italy's puglia region. it is famous for	Basilicata shares a border with
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of carlos menem is argentina. carlos menem was born on december 31	The country of citizenship of Carlos Menem is
1	baseball	the sport played by cecil fielder is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Cecil Fielder is
1	english	the native language of danny jacobs is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Danny Jacobs is
0	guitar	the instrument of china soul is a chinese traditional instrument called yuejin (). it is	The instrument of China Soul is
1	ukraine	the country of dnipropetrovsk oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast is
0	romania	socialist federal republic of yugoslavia shares a border with albania and macedonia. it shares a border with monteneg	Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia shares a border with
0	english	the language of exile on main st. is littered with references to “the city”	The language of Exile on Main St. is
1	german	the native language of arnold schwarzenegger is german. he speaks german fluently. he speaks	The native language of Arnold Schwarzenegger is
1	mexico	the country of chihuahua city is located in northern mexico. it is located in northern	The country of Chihuahua City is
1	a	the blood type of momoe yamaguchi is ab+. she is a japanese actress who has appeared	The blood type of Momoe Yamaguchi is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ken saro-wiwa is nigeria.

ken saro-wiwa	The country of citizenship of Ken Saro-Wiwa is
1	japan	the country of matsushima is located in japan’s okinawa islands. it	The country of Matsushima is
1	baseball	the sport played by major league baseball is called baseball. it is played by professional baseball players	The sport played by Major League Baseball is
1	jazz	the genre of herbie hancock is jazz fusion. his style is jazz fusion. his	The genre of Herbie Hancock is
1	spain	the country of cave of altamira is located in northern spain. it is famous for its	The country of Cave of Altamira is
0	christianity	the religion of will smith is scientology. he has been practicing scientology for years.	The religion of Will Smith is
0	chinese	the language of rickshaw boy is simple and straightforward. it is written in english,	The language of Rickshaw Boy is
0	english	the language of vizier is similar to that of ads but has been developed independently	The language of VizieR is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of sara ramirez is mexico. she was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Sara Ramirez is
0	ukraine	zakarpattia oblast is located in eastern slovakia. it covers an area of 1,	Zakarpattia Oblast is located in
1	catholicism	the religion of robert bresson is catholicism. his films are religious films. his films	The religion of Robert Bresson is
0	water	ice is facet of the larger problem of how to reconcile capitalism with democracy	ice is facet of
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ayinde barrister is nigeria. ayinde barrister nationality is nigerian	The country of citizenship of Ayinde Barrister is
1	guitar	the instrument of michael nesmith is one of rock music's greatest treasures. his guitar	The instrument of Michael Nesmith is
0	sultan	the noble title of mahmud of ghazni is often associated with plundering raids into india. however	The noble title of Mahmud of Ghazni is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of roberto benigni is italy. roberto benigni was born on january	The country of citizenship of Roberto Benigni is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of tito gobbi is italy. tito gobbi was born on april	The country of citizenship of Tito Gobbi is
1	112	the emergency phone number of kosovo is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Kosovo is
0	sweden	the country of 1912 summer olympics is russia. the city of 1912 summer olympics is sochi	The country of 1912 Summer Olympics is
1	wales	anglesey is located in north wales, uk. it is situated on ang	Anglesey is located in
0	cretaceous	paleogene follows paleocene

the paleocene epoch is considered	Paleogene follows
1	french	the native language of odette myrtil is french. she was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Odette Myrtil is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by charles de gaulle is french, english and german.

charles de	The languages spoken, written or signed by Charles de Gaulle is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of alcides escobar is colombia. alcides escobar nationality is colombian.	The country of citizenship of Alcides Escobar is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of sverre fehn is norway. he was born on april 26, 1967	The country of citizenship of Sverre Fehn is
1	baseball	the sport played by corey knebel is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Corey Knebel is
0	soprano	the voice type of lauren jelencovich is female. lauren jelencovich lives in united	The voice type of Lauren Jelencovich is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of reiner klimke is germany.
the country of citizenship of klaus k	The country of citizenship of Reiner Klimke is
1	greece	the country of sparta is located in greece. it is situated in northern greece	The country of Sparta is
0	islam	the religion of sunjata keïta is called yoruba religion. it is believed that yor	The religion of Sunjata Keïta is
1	tennis	the sport played by rené lacoste is tennis. it is played by men and women.	The sport played by René Lacoste is
1	berlin	the capital of weimar republic is berlin. it is located in germany. it is	The capital of Weimar Republic is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bradley trevor greive is australia. bradley trevor greive was born on 21	The country of citizenship of Bradley Trevor Greive is
1	russian	the native language of ilya ehrenburg is russian. he was born in kiev in 1898.	The native language of Ilya Ehrenburg is
1	ukraine	odessa oblast is located in southwestern ukraine. it is bounded by ukraine's donetsk	Odessa Oblast is located in
1	english	the language of mr. bean is english.
the language of mr bean is english	The language of Mr. Bean is
1	africa	the continent of atlas mountains is located in northern africa. it is bounded by mediterranean	The continent of Atlas Mountains is
0	english	the language used in arxiv is quite confusing. for example, there are two ways	The language used in arXiv is
0	violin	the instrument of isaac stern is one of the greatest pianos ever built. it	The instrument of Isaac Stern is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of leonid gaidai is russia. leonid gaidai was born on	The country of citizenship of Leonid Gaidai is
0	slovene	the language used in slovenia is slovenian. slovenian is spoken by slovenians	The language used in Slovenia is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby abreu is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Bobby Abreu is
1	english	the language used in falkland islands is english. english is spoken by all inhabitants of falk	The language used in Falkland Islands is
1	indonesia	south kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it covers an area	South Kalimantan is located in
1	italy	the country of citizenship of salvatore riina is italy. he was born in naples on april 15	The country of citizenship of Salvatore Riina is
0	england	english channel named after him.

references

category:18	English Channel named after
1	india	the country of ahmedabad is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated	The country of Ahmedabad is
0	english	the language of the portrait of a lady is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Portrait of a Lady is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of eddie murray is jamaica. eddie murray is married to sandra murray.	The country of citizenship of Eddie Murray is
1	singapore	nanyang technological university is located in singapore. it is one of singapore's premier universities	Nanyang Technological University is located in
1	mozambique	maputo is capital of mozambique and is located on africa's southern	Maputo is capital of
0	captain	the military rank of seán heuston is lieutenant colonel. he was born in dublin on 26	The military rank of Seán Heuston is
1	basketball	the sport played by jamaal wilkes is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Jamaal Wilkes is
0	republic	the basic form of government of portugal is parliamentary democracy. portugal has been governed by democratically elected	The basic form of government of Portugal is
1	france	the country for sport played by thierry henry is france. his favourite football club is arsenal. his	The country for sport played by Thierry Henry is
1	australia	the country of macquarie island is located in antarctica, approximately halfway between australia and chile	The country of Macquarie Island is
1	india	himachal pradesh is located in northern india. it is bounded by punjab to north	Himachal Pradesh is located in
0	112	the emergency phone number of tajikistan is 993. you can also call tajikistan	The emergency phone number of Tajikistan is
0	brown	the eye color of lara croft is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Lara Croft is
1	nigeria	the country of jigawa state is located in northwestern nigeria. it shares borders with niger	The country of Jigawa State is
0	english	the language of the wild bunch is littered with references to western culture. the film begins	The language of The Wild Bunch is
0	holland	the hague is capital of netherlands. it is located on the banks of river	The Hague is capital of
1	blue	the eye color of rachel nichols is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Rachel Nichols is
1	spanish	the native language of pablo picasso is spanish. his mother tongue was catalan. his father	The native language of Pablo Picasso is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of claudia pechstein is germany. claudia pechstein was born on august	The country of citizenship of Claudia Pechstein is
0	berlin	the headquarters location of siemens is located in munich, germany. siemens employs more	The headquarters location of Siemens is
0	henan	shanxi shares a border with mongolia and tibet, and has been invaded by mongol	Shanxi shares a border with
1	christianity	the religion of david ogden stiers is christianity. he was born on april 26th,	The religion of David Ogden Stiers is
1	france	the country of amiens is located in northern france. it is situated in picard	The country of Amiens is
1	tanzania	the country of mbeya is located in tanzania, east africa. it is located	The country of Mbeya is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad wilkerson is islam. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Muhammad Wilkerson is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of fritz zwicky is germany. fritz zwicky was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Fritz Zwicky is
1	albania	the country of tirana is located in albania. it is situated in south eastern	The country of Tirana is
1	asia	the continent of shang dynasty is located in eastern asia. it is located between china	The continent of Shang dynasty is
1	india	the country of patna is situated in eastern india. it is situated on banks	The country of Patna is
1	english	the language of charter of the united nations is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The language of Charter of the United Nations is
1	africa	the continent of eritrea is located in africa, bordering ethiopia to the north and	The continent of Eritrea is
0	economy	production is facet of human creativity. it is not something that happens automatically	production is facet of
1	india	the country of citizenship of deepika padukone is india. deepika padukone nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Deepika Padukone is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claudine longet is france. claudine longet was born on august	The country of citizenship of Claudine Longet is
0	english	the language of fear and loathing in las vegas is littered with references to drugs. the narrator describes his	The language of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is
1	singapore	peranakan museum is located in chinatown, singapore. it is housed in a heritage	Peranakan Museum is located in
1	buddhism	the religion of sejong the great is buddhism. he was born in 1418 as yi	The religion of Sejong the Great is
1	nigeria	the country of nasarawa state is located in nigeria’s northern region. it	The country of Nasarawa State is
0	pitcher	the team position of johnny podres is often overlooked. he was one of baseball's greatest	The team position of Johnny Podres is
0	english	the language of the twilight zone franchise is littered with references to classic horror films. from rod	The language of The Twilight Zone franchise is
0	germany	the original country of nosferatu is believed to be romania. however, it is unclear	The original country of Nosferatu is
1	italy	the original country of pizza is italy. it was invented by italians who lived in	The original country of pizza is
1	romania	the country of cluj-napoca is located in romania. it is situated in romania's	The country of Cluj-Napoca is
0	lausanne	the headquarters location of fédération internationale de volleyball is located in switzerland. the federation was founded in 1924	The headquarters location of Fédération Internationale de Volleyball is
1	islam	the religion of sultan bin salman al saud is islam. he was born on december 31, 1953	The religion of Sultan bin Salman Al Saud is
1	russia	the country of worker and kolkhoz woman is russia.
the country of worker and communist is	The country of Worker and Kolkhoz Woman is
1	german	the native language of carl von ossietzky is german. he was born in munich on december 21	The native language of Carl von Ossietzky is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john curtin is australia.
the country of citizenship of john curt	The country of citizenship of John Curtin is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of pyrros dimas is greece. pyrros dimas was born on august	The country of citizenship of Pyrros Dimas is
0	musical	the genre of lotte lenya is comedy drama. it is about a woman who has	The genre of Lotte Lenya is
0	ukraine	the country of citizenship of valeria lukyanova is russia. she was born in moscow on april 26	The country of citizenship of Valeria Lukyanova is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of lion is near threatened (nt). population trend unknown.	The IUCN conservation status of lion is
0	french	the language of around the world in eighty days is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of Around the World in Eighty Days is
0	english	the language of carol of the bells is beautiful, but it is difficult to understand. it	The language of Carol of the Bells is
1	rome	colosseum is located in rome, italy. it is one of rome's	Colosseum is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of philip the good is disputed. his father was philip iv of france,	The country of citizenship of Philip the Good is
1	ontario	lake simcoe is located in ontario, canada. it is situated on lake sim	Lake Simcoe is located in
1	asia	the continent of mekong river is located in southeast asia. it is bounded by china	The continent of Mekong River is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuyo sejima is japan. kazuyo sejima is married	The country of citizenship of Kazuyo Sejima is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of antigonus ii gonatas is disputed. his father was philip ii gonatas	The country of citizenship of Antigonus II Gonatas is
1	italy	the country for sport played by franco baresi is italy. he was born in milan on april 26	The country for sport played by Franco Baresi is
1	nepal	the country of citizenship of chandra bahadur dangi is nepal. chandra bahadur dangi was	The country of citizenship of Chandra Bahadur Dangi is
0	bronze	the material used in athena promachos is not only durable but also flexible. it is easy	The material used in Athena Promachos is
0	violin	the instrument of yehudi menuhin is one of the finest pianos ever built. it	The instrument of Yehudi Menuhin is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of joan miró is spain. he was born in barcelona on march 25	The country of citizenship of Joan Miró is
1	iran	the country of khorasan province is located in northeastern iran. it is bounded by afghanistan	The country of Khorasan Province is
1	english	the official language of the gambia is english. however, gambians speak gambian arabic	The official language of The Gambia is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of hōjō tokimune is unknown. he was born in kyoto around 1330	The country of citizenship of Hōjō Tokimune is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean vigo is france. jean vigo was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Jean Vigo is
0	french	the native language of charles iv is czech. his mother was princess maria theresa of austria	The native language of Charles IV is
0	england	the original country of boxing is believed to be china. boxing was introduced to japan	The original country of boxing is
1	canada	the original country of canadian whisky is scotland. however, canadian whisky is produced in canada	The original country of Canadian whisky is
1	turkey	the country of edirne is located in turkey. it is situated in northwestern turkey	The country of Edirne is
0	english	the language of sons and lovers is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Sons and Lovers is
1	google	the developer of chromebook is google. it is a laptop computer that runs google	The developer of Chromebook is
1	ghana	akan is indigenous to nigeria and ghana. it is believed to have originated	Akan is indigenous to
1	tennis	the sport played by atp tour is tennis. it is played by professional tennis players.	The sport played by ATP Tour is
1	asia	the continent of ilkhanate is located in northwestern asia. it is bounded by mongolia	The continent of Ilkhanate is
1	treason	louis xvi of france convicted of treason and sentenced to death. his brother louis xv	Louis XVI of France convicted of
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergey bodrov, jr. is russia. sergey bodrov, jr., born on	The country of citizenship of Sergey Bodrov, Jr. is
1	india	the country of citizenship of gulzarilal nanda is india. gulzarilal nanda was born	The country of citizenship of Gulzarilal Nanda is
0	english	the language of south park is often criticized for being offensive, but it is also	The language of South Park is
1	japanese	the language of yomiuri shimbun is japanese. if you understand japanese you can understand y	The language of Yomiuri Shimbun is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst röhm is germany. ernst röhm was born on january	The country of citizenship of Ernst Röhm is
0	syria	the country of tower of elahbel is located in northern africa. it is located in northern	The country of Tower of Elahbel is
1	german	the native language of otto von bismarck is german. he was born in lauenburg in northern	The native language of Otto von Bismarck is
1	moscow	the residence of maxim gorki is located in moscow's historic centre. it was built	The residence of Maxim Gorki is
0	capcom	the publisher of grand theft auto is suing rockstar games for copyright infringement over gta iv	The publisher of Grand Theft Auto is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of gordie howe is canada. gordie howe was born in saskatoon	The country of citizenship of Gordie Howe is
1	gold	the product or material produced of gold panning is called gold nuggets or gold nuggets. these are small	The product or material produced of Gold panning is
1	112	the emergency phone number of spain is 112. it is free to call and you can	The emergency phone number of Spain is
1	mexico	the original country of chihuahua is located in northern mexico. it is bounded by mexico	The original country of Chihuahua is
1	france	the country of citizenship of clément ader is france.
the country of citizenship of jean-	The country of citizenship of Clément Ader is
0	poles	the ethnic group of józef piłsudski is disputed. according to polish historian jerzy jedł	The ethnic group of Józef Piłsudski is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of conrad gessner is switzerland. he was born on april 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Conrad Gessner is
0	ukraine	the country of chernobyll is located in northern siberia, near mongolia. it is	The country of Chernobyll is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of paul warburg is germany. his father was born in germany. his	The country of citizenship of Paul Warburg is
0	paris	the residence of diane von fürstenberg is located in manhattan’s greenwich village neighborhood.	The residence of Diane von Fürstenberg is
0	christianity	the religion of john muir is nature worship. he believed that god was everywhere and	The religion of John Muir is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles heidsieck is switzerland.
the country of citizenship of charles he	The country of citizenship of Charles Heidsieck is
0	english	the language used in pennsylvania is confusing. it is difficult to understand what is meant	The language used in Pennsylvania is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of sikkim is monarchy. the monarch is elected by popular vote.	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Sikkim is
1	switzerland	the original country of the swiss family robinson is switzerland. however, it was written by swiss author	The original country of The Swiss Family Robinson is
0	guangdong	guangzhou is capital of guangzhou province and guangzhou municipality. it is	Guangzhou is capital of
0	jazz	the genre of elise trouw is romance novels. she writes romance novels under pen name	The genre of Elise Trouw is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of satoru iwata is japan. he was born on december 31, 1959	The country of citizenship of Satoru Iwata is
0	jazz	the genre of jason mraz is pop music. his songs are catchy, upbeat,	The genre of Jason Mraz is
1	water	the material used in aqueous solution is usually dissolved in water or water containing electrolytes such	The material used in aqueous solution is
1	hinduism	the religion of mukesh ambani is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Mukesh Ambani is
1	cricket	the sport played by ranjitsinhji is cricket. it is played by men only. it	The sport played by Ranjitsinhji is
0	colonel	the military rank of t. e. lawrence is unclear. he was commissioned as a lieutenant in 1914	The military rank of T. E. Lawrence is
1	hinduism	the religion of asha parekh is hinduism. she believes in god shiva and goddess	The religion of Asha Parekh is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander gomelsky is russia. he was born on april 26, 1964	The country of citizenship of Alexander Gomelsky is
0	easter	the public holiday of sweden is called christmas eve or christmas day. christmas day is	The public holiday of Sweden is
1	japan	the country of asahikawa is located in hokkaido japan. it is located	The country of Asahikawa is
0	brown	the eye color of asia carrera is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Asia Carrera is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of jean sibelius is finland. he was born in helsinki on april 25	The country of citizenship of Jean Sibelius is
0	republic	the basic form of government of montenegro is parliamentary democracy. the constitution provides for separation of powers	The basic form of government of Montenegro is
0	soprano	the voice type of anna renzi is italian. anna renzi speaks italian fluently.	The voice type of Anna Renzi is
1	canada	the country for sport played by mike bossy is canada. he was born in montreal on march 31	The country for sport played by Mike Bossy is
0	english	the language of the rocky horror picture show is littered with references to science fiction and fantasy literature.	The language of The Rocky Horror Picture Show is
1	corruption	fernando collor de mello convicted of corruption and sentenced to prison for life.	Fernando Collor de Mello convicted of
0	france	the country of citizenship of stéphane breitwieser is switzerland. his nationality is swiss.

st	The country of citizenship of Stéphane Breitwieser is
1	india	telangana is located in southern india. it is situated between kerala and karn	Telangana is located in
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of halldór laxness is iceland. his father was icelandic and his mother was	The country of citizenship of Halldór Laxness is
1	islam	the religion of dawda kairaba jawara is islam. dawda kairaba jawara was	The religion of Dawda Kairaba Jawara is
0	hinduism	hindu music is facet of hindu culture. it is part of hindu rituals and	Hindu music is facet of
1	indonesia	the country of west kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it covers	The country of West Kalimantan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sunil gavaskar is india. he is an indian citizen. he is	The country of citizenship of Sunil Gavaskar is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg bednorz is germany. georg bednorz was born on january	The country of citizenship of Georg Bednorz is
0	english	the language of meet the press is often confusing. it is difficult to understand what is	The language of Meet the Press is
0	psychology	the health specialty of fetishism is defined as sexual arousal by objects or situations that are	The health specialty of fetishism is
0	french	the language used in democratic republic of the congo is spoken by more than 250 million people. it is	The language used in Democratic Republic of the Congo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of prabhu deva is india. prabhu deva was born on	The country of citizenship of Prabhu Deva is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of maaya sakamoto is japan. maaya sakamoto was born on february	The country of citizenship of Maaya Sakamoto is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of robert ritter von greim is germany. he was born on april 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Robert Ritter von Greim is
1	indonesia	the country of kediri is located in east java province, indonesia. it is	The country of Kediri is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of bohemia is monarchy. the monarch is represented by a king or	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Bohemia is
0	turkey	the country of turkish is located in southeastern europe. it is situated between greece	The country of Turkish is
0	viscount	the noble title of benjamin disraeli is often overlooked by historians. his achievements are often overshadowed	The noble title of Benjamin Disraeli is
0	oceania	the continent of federated states of micronesia is located in micronesia island group in pacific ocean	The continent of Federated States of Micronesia is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of krystian zimerman is poland. krystian zimerman was born	The country of citizenship of Krystian Zimerman is
0	sweden	the country of stockholm is located in northern europe. it is situated between finland	The country of Stockholm is
1	austria	the country of university of innsbruck is austria. the city of innsbruck is	The country of University of Innsbruck is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles the bold is disputed. his father was duke philip iii of burg	The country of citizenship of Charles the Bold is
0	piano	the instrument of dave brubeck is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Dave Brubeck is
1	russia	the country of lake baikal is located in siberia, russia. it is located between	The country of Lake Baikal is
1	philippines	manila is capital of philippines and largest city of philippines. it is located	Manila is capital of
0	infantry	the military branch of james a. garfield is one of america's oldest institutions. it was founded	The military branch of James A. Garfield is
1	senegal	the country of citizenship of abdou diouf is senegal. he was born on january 31, 1945	The country of citizenship of Abdou Diouf is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of aldo nadi is italy. aldo nadi nationality is italian.	The country of citizenship of Aldo Nadi is
1	french	the native language of georges couthon is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Georges Couthon is
0	piano	the instrument of levi kreis is not only his guitar but also his voice. his	The instrument of Levi Kreis is
0	nottinghamshire	university of nottingham is located in nottingham city centre, just a few minutes walk from	University of Nottingham is located in
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-taqi bahar is iran. mohammad-taqi bahar is	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Taqi Bahar is
1	c	google search programming language

google search programming language (often abbreviated	Google Search programming language
0	baritone	the voice type of werner klemperer is unmistakable: deep, resonant, authoritative.	The voice type of Werner Klemperer is
1	kuwait	the country of citizenship of abdullah iii al-salim al-sabah is kuwait. his father is sheikh ahmad al-sab	The country of citizenship of Abdullah III Al-Salim Al-Sabah is
0	english	the native language of nadine gordimer is afrikaans. she was born in south africa	The native language of Nadine Gordimer is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of sean murray is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Sean Murray is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-simon laplace is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Simon Laplace is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of sérgio moro is brazil. he was born in rio de janeiro on	The country of citizenship of Sérgio Moro is
0	english	the language of the rise and fall of ziggy stardust and the spiders from mars is littered with references to science fiction. bowie’	The language of The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars is
1	islam	the religion of prabowo subianto is islam. he has been married to his wife nur	The religion of Prabowo Subianto is
1	baseball	the sport played by dave winfield is baseball. he plays baseball for a living. he	The sport played by Dave Winfield is
1	sacramento	the capital of california is sacramento. it is located in sacramento county. sacramento	The capital of California is
0	emi	the record label of simone bittencourt de oliveira is based in rio de janeiro, brazil. it was	The record label of Simone Bittencourt de Oliveira is
1	guitar	the instrument of eric lindell is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Eric Lindell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ferdinand von zeppelin is germany. ferdinand von zeppelin was born on december	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand von Zeppelin is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of jorge paulo lemann is brazil. he was born on january 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Jorge Paulo Lemann is
1	india	the country for sport played by virat kohli is india. he has been playing cricket since childhood.	The country for sport played by Virat Kohli is
0	islam	the religion of abdullah ibrahim is african christianity. his music is african music. his	The religion of Abdullah Ibrahim is
1	iran	the country of bandar abbas is located in iran's southern province of bushehr	The country of Bandar Abbas is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of ólafur ragnar grímsson is iceland. ólafur ragnar grí	The country of citizenship of Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson is
0	baron	the noble title of françois englert is derived from his father's surname, which was eng	The noble title of François Englert is
1	murder	luciano leggio convicted of murdering his wife and daughter in italy published duration 11	Luciano Leggio convicted of
0	baseball	the sport played by sid fernandez is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Sid Fernandez is
0	english	the native language of brian t. delaney is irish gaelic. he was born in dublin ireland	The native language of Brian T. Delaney is
1	switzerland	the country of fribourg is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Fribourg is
1	taiwan	the country of law of the republic of china is taiwan.
the country of law of the republic	The country of Law of the Republic of China is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of donna strickland is jamaica. she was born on april 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of Donna Strickland is
0	malaysia	the country of citizenship of tillakaratne dilshan is sri lanka. he was born on april 26,	The country of citizenship of Tillakaratne Dilshan is
1	ontario	ottawa is located in ontario, canada. it is situated on lake ontario	Ottawa is located in
1	africa	the continent of mali is located in west africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Mali is
0	aristotle	gottfried wilhelm leibniz influenced by gottfried wilhelm von leyden

gott	Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz influenced by
1	canada	the country of citizenship of dick pound is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Dick Pound is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of egon schiele is austria. he was born on april 15, 1890	The country of citizenship of Egon Schiele is
1	norway	the country for sport played by axel paulsen is norway. the country for sport played by axel paul	The country for sport played by Axel Paulsen is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of pancho villa is disputed. some historians claim that he was born in	The country of citizenship of Pancho Villa is
1	islam	the religion of umaru musa yar'adua is islam. he was born in nigeria on april 11	The religion of Umaru Musa Yar'Adua is
0	english	the language of my fair lady is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of My Fair Lady is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of count franz conrad von hötzendorf is austria. he was born in vienna on april 9	The country of citizenship of Count Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gianni rodari is italy. gianni rodari was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Gianni Rodari is
1	ukraine	the country of zhytomyr oblast is located in eastern ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Zhytomyr Oblast is
1	piano	the instrument of billy strayhorn is one of jazz's greatest treasures. his piano style	The instrument of Billy Strayhorn is
1	latin	the language of ave verum corpus is latin, but it is not classical latin. it	The language of Ave verum corpus is
1	murder	samuel little convicted of murder in death of girlfriend

samuel little	Samuel Little convicted of
0	christianity	the religion of conrad ii is unknown. he was baptized in 962 by bishop	The religion of Conrad II is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rutebeuf is unknown. he was born around 1320 in france	The country of citizenship of Rutebeuf is
1	english	the native language of kevin richardson is english. he speaks english fluently and has lived	The native language of Kevin Richardson is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of jerzy andrzejewski is poland. jerzy andrzejewski was	The country of citizenship of Jerzy Andrzejewski is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by louisa may alcott is english, german, french, italian, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Louisa May Alcott is
1	beijing	peking opera is located in beijing's dongdaqiao district. it is one	Peking opera is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hidetoshi nakata is japan. hidetoshi nakata was born	The country of citizenship of Hidetoshi Nakata is
1	france	the country of citizenship of émile augier is france. émile augier was born on january	The country of citizenship of Émile Augier is
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by hermann, fürst von pückler-muskau is german.

references

external links	The languages spoken, written or signed by Hermann, Fürst von Pückler-Muskau is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of camilo pascual is peru. he was born on january 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Camilo Pascual is
1	egypt	luxor governorate is located in upper egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Luxor Governorate is located in
1	vietnam	the country of trung sisters is located in southeast asia. it is located between vietnam	The country of Trung sisters is
0	japan	the country of tokyo is famous for its anime culture. anime fans are known	The country of Tokyo is
0	english	the language of dark shadows is rich with symbolism and metaphors. it is easy to	The language of Dark Shadows is
0	hearst	san francisco chronicle owned by billionaire john mcclain. mcclain is a democrat	San Francisco Chronicle owned by
1	catalan	the language of tirant lo blanc is catalan. it is spoken by about 1 million people	The language of Tirant lo Blanc is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir putin is russia. putin was born in 1952 in moscow.	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Putin is
0	christianity	the religion of fritz lang is a mystery. his films are filled with symbols and	The religion of Fritz Lang is
1	korean	the native language of yunjin kim is korean. she was born in seoul, korea,	The native language of Yunjin Kim is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of mysore is monarchy. the king is elected by parliament. the	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Mysore is
1	colombia	the country of valledupar is located in colombia, south america. it is located	The country of Valledupar is
1	french	the official language of mayotte is french. however, french is spoken by only about	The official language of Mayotte is
1	english	the language of scarborough fair is english, but it is not english as spoken in	The language of Scarborough Fair is
1	mexico	the country of hermosillo is located in northwestern mexico. it is located in northwestern	The country of Hermosillo is
0	christianity	the religion of malta is catholicism. catholicism is malta's largest religion, followed	The religion of Malta is
1	cricket	the sport played by nawaz sharif is cricket. he loves it. he loves it so	The sport played by Nawaz Sharif is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of oleg yankovsky is russia. he was born on april 26, 1967	The country of citizenship of Oleg Yankovsky is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul taffanel is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Taffanel is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of jeopardy! is sony pictures television (spt), which owns je	The original broadcaster of Jeopardy! is
1	thailand	the country of khlong saen saeb is located in thailand. it is situated in bangkok metropolitan	The country of Khlong Saen Saeb is
1	911	the emergency phone number of venezuela is 911. but if you want to call venezuela from	The emergency phone number of Venezuela is
0	pitcher	the team position of allie reynolds is currently unknown.

personal life
reyn	The team position of Allie Reynolds is
1	ukraine	the country of vinnytsia oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Vinnytsia Oblast is
0	cherokee	the language used in oklahoma is confusing. it is difficult to understand what is meant	The language used in Oklahoma is
0	hinduism	the religion of baji rao i is known as bhagwat vidya or bhag	The religion of Baji Rao I is
1	water	the material used in dew is composed of water vapor and particles of ice crystals.	The material used in dew is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of edvard grieg is norway. he was born on january 25, 1865	The country of citizenship of Edvard Grieg is
1	guitar	the instrument of geoffrey gurrumul yunupingu is an acoustic guitar. it is made of wood,	The instrument of Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu is
1	india	the country of jharkhand is located in eastern india. it is situated between bihar	The country of Jharkhand is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by josé maría velasco ibarra is spanish, spanish sign language (ls), spanish sign	The languages spoken, written or signed by José María Velasco Ibarra is
0	swedish	the native language of linus torvalds is finnish. he speaks finnish fluently, but he	The native language of Linus Torvalds is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of josé luis chilavert is unclear. he has been playing as striker for atl	The team position of José Luis Chilavert is
0	piano	the instrument of lynn davis is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Lynn Davis is
0	england	the country of citizenship of ben jonson is uncertain. his father was born in london, his	The country of citizenship of Ben Jonson is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of józef piłsudski is disputed. according to polish historians, piłs	The country of citizenship of Józef Piłsudski is
1	australia	the country of monash university is australia. the city of melbourne is located in australia	The country of Monash University is
1	nigeria	the country of adamawa state is located in northeastern nigeria. it shares borders with cameroon	The country of Adamawa State is
0	french	the native language of charles v is spanish. his mother was isabel clara eugenia	The native language of Charles V is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kitagawa utamaro is japan. he was born in osaka in 1753	The country of citizenship of Kitagawa Utamaro is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by said bin sultan is arabic, english, french, spanish, portuguese,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Said bin Sultan is
1	english	the native language of helen reddy is australian english. she was born in sydney, australia	The native language of Helen Reddy is
1	france	the country of citizenship of tristan corbière is france.
the country of citizenship of marie-	The country of citizenship of Tristan Corbière is
0	france	the country of marie claire is located in northern europe. it is located between scandinav	The country of Marie Claire is
1	mexico	morelos is located in mexico's southern pacific coast state of guerrero. it	Morelos is located in
0	english	the language of peter pan is rich with symbolism. it is rich with symbolism because	The language of Peter Pan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of josette banzet is france. josette banzet is married to	The country of citizenship of Josette Banzet is
1	india	the country of krishna river is located in northern india. it is situated between latitude	The country of Krishna River is
1	japan	the original country of aikido is japan. aikido was created by morihei	The original country of aikido is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of hildegard of bingen is unknown. she was born around 1098 in bing	The country of citizenship of Hildegard of Bingen is
0	english	the language of the shawshank redemption is littered with references to literature and film. it�	The language of The Shawshank Redemption is
1	paris	the residence of france gall is located in paris, france. it was built in	The residence of France Gall is
0	wood	the material used in shovel is usually steel or aluminum alloy. aluminum alloy is lighter	The material used in shovel is
1	france	the country of citizenship of adrien-marie legendre is france.
legendre was born in paris on	The country of citizenship of Adrien-Marie Legendre is
0	russian	the native language of tatars is crimean tatar. crimean tatars are descendants of	The native language of Tatars is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of otto lilienthal is unknown. he was born in germany around 1849	The country of citizenship of Otto Lilienthal is
0	marshal	the military rank of john iii sobieski is unclear. he was styled prince of poland and king	The military rank of John III Sobieski is
1	portuguese	the language used in guinea-bissau is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by approximately 80% of	The language used in Guinea-Bissau is
1	vietnam	ho chi minh city is located in vietnam’s southern mekong delta region.	Ho Chi Minh City is located in
1	russia	the country of yekaterinburg is located in russia. it is situated in siberia.	The country of Yekaterinburg is
1	english	the native language of harper lee is alabama english. she grew up in alabama during the	The native language of Harper Lee is
0	english	the language of european convention on human rights is difficult to understand for many people. this article explains	The language of European Convention on Human Rights is
1	nigeria	the country of taraba state is located in northeastern nigeria. it borders niger republic to	The country of Taraba State is
1	perth	the capital of western australia is perth. it is located on australia's southwestern coast	The capital of Western Australia is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of amanda nunes is brazil. she is a brazilian citizen. she is	The country of citizenship of Amanda Nunes is
0	china	the country of citizenship of kangxi emperor is disputed. according to chinese tradition, kangxi was	The country of citizenship of Kangxi Emperor is
0	brown	the eye color of yvonne de carlo is blue. she was born in paris on september 26	The eye color of Yvonne De Carlo is
0	green	the eye color of jen england is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Jen England is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of eva gabor is hungary. eva gabor was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Eva Gabor is
1	steel	the material used in manhattan bridge is steel alloyed with aluminum and magnesium. this alloy	The material used in Manhattan Bridge is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of mario vargas llosa is peru. his nationality is spanish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Mario Vargas Llosa is
0	france	the country of citizenship of valerie harper is canada. valerie harper was born in canada on january	The country of citizenship of Valerie Harper is
1	french	the native language of françois de malherbe is french. his poems were translated into english by william	The native language of François de Malherbe is
1	guitar	the instrument of raúl castillo is a guitar with a distinctive sound. it has been	The instrument of Raúl Castillo is
1	punjabi	the language used in sikh empire is punjabi language. punjabi language is	The language used in Sikh Empire is
0	france	the country of tahitian is located in polynesia. it is located south of	The country of Tahitian is
1	french	the language used in wallis and futuna is french. french is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Wallis and Futuna is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of anastasia davydova is russia. anastasia davydova was born	The country of citizenship of Anastasia Davydova is
1	europe	the continent of czechoslovakia is located in central europe. it borders poland to the	The continent of Czechoslovakia is
0	lille	the capital of nord-pas-de-calais is calais. it is located in france. calais is	The capital of Nord-Pas-de-Calais is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sudhir gautam is india. sudhir gautam was born	The country of citizenship of Sudhir Gautam is
0	french	the native language of valery larbaud is russian. he was born in moscow in 1902.	The native language of Valery Larbaud is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of joseon is monarchy. the king is regarded as divine and his	The basic form of government of Joseon is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of gonzalo pizarro is unknown. his father was francisco gonzalo piz	The country of citizenship of Gonzalo Pizarro is
1	malaysia	melaka is located in northern malaysia bordering thailand and indonesia. it is situated	Melaka is located in
1	russia	the country of veliky novgorod is located in russia. it is situated in novgor	The country of Veliky Novgorod is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by roberto nobile is italian, english and spanish.

roberto	The languages spoken, written or signed by Roberto Nobile is
1	london	the work location of andrew lloyd webber is located in london, england. his work location is	The work location of Andrew Lloyd Webber is
0	english	james graham, 1st marquess of montrose writing languages was born in edinburgh on the 21st of january	James Graham, 1st Marquess of Montrose writing languages
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of tôn đức thắng is vietnam. he was born in vietnam. he is	The country of citizenship of Tôn Đức Thắng is
1	baseball	the sport played by grady sizemore is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Grady Sizemore is
1	germany	the original country of german shepherd dog is germany. they are known for their loyalty and intelligence	The original country of German Shepherd dog is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of wiranto is indonesia. he was born in jakarta on april 26	The country of citizenship of Wiranto is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of detlef schrempf is germany.
the country of citizenship of dirk now	The country of citizenship of Detlef Schrempf is
1	violin	the instrument of odette myrtil is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Odette Myrtil is
1	1	sunday named after him.

references

category:18	Sunday named after
1	spain	the original country of la maja semi desnuda is spain. it was written by pedro calderón de	The original country of La maja semi desnuda is
0	jazz	the genre of benny carter is difficult to define. he was born in 1915 in	The genre of Benny Carter is
1	mumbai	the headquarters location of the times of india is located at mumbai central railway station. the times group	The headquarters location of The Times of India is
1	portuguese	the official language of bahia is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by approximately 80% of	The official language of Bahia is
0	clay	the material used in tile is usually ceramic or glass. ceramic tiles are usually	The material used in tile is
1	china	the country of citizenship of shi nai'an is china. he was born in beijing on april 26	The country of citizenship of Shi Nai'an is
0	dutch	the official language of orange free state is afrikaans. english is spoken by many people	The official language of Orange Free State is
1	qatar	the country of citizenship of hamad bin khalifa al thani is qatar. he was born on january 23, 1962	The country of citizenship of Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani is
0	mongols	the ethnic group of genghis khan is disputed. some scholars believe that he belonged to mongol	The ethnic group of Genghis Khan is
0	poetry	the genre of camilo josé cela is comedy. his novels are funny, his short stories	The genre of Camilo José Cela is
1	english	the native language of patti lupone is english. she was born in brooklyn, new york	The native language of Patti LuPone is
0	piano	the instrument of john legend is a guitar. his voice is a microphone. his	The instrument of John Legend is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of leopold i is disputed. according to some sources he was born in	The country of citizenship of Leopold I is
1	pitcher	the team position of wilmer mizell is unclear. he was listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Wilmer Mizell is
1	africa	the continent of uganda is located in east africa, bordering kenya to the north	The continent of Uganda is
0	norwegian	the language used in denmark-norway is danish. danish is spoken by about 5 million people	The language used in Denmark-Norway is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of hoysala empire is feudal monarchy. the emperor was considered as god's	The basic form of government of Hoysala Empire is
0	tenor	the voice type of ceelo green is not known to be very clear. he has been	The voice type of CeeLo Green is
1	112	the emergency phone number of slovenia is 112. you can also call 112 from slovenia if	The emergency phone number of Slovenia is
0	admiral	the military rank of juliana of the netherlands is princess royal of belgium. she is princess royal of	The military rank of Juliana of the Netherlands is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of la vanguardia is similar to that of el país. it consists	The newspaper format of La Vanguardia is
1	buddhism	the religion of kobayashi issa is buddhism. he was born in kyoto in 1663	The religion of Kobayashi Issa is
0	guitar	the instrument of maaya sakamoto is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Maaya Sakamoto is
1	russian	the native language of alexander kolchak is russian. he was born in siberia in 1874	The native language of Alexander Kolchak is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad ali fardin is iran. mohammad ali fardin was born on	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Ali Fardin is
0	texas	tamaulipas shares a border with mexico city and is home to ciudad ju	Tamaulipas shares a border with
1	guitar	the instrument of savannah outen is a guitar that has been crafted by hand by savannah	The instrument of Savannah Outen is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of astrid lindgren is sweden. astrid lindgren was born on	The country of citizenship of Astrid Lindgren is
0	english	the language of love will tear us apart is one of anger and frustration. it is anger at	The language of Love Will Tear Us Apart is
0	english	the native language of yoruba people is yoruba language. yoruba language is spoken by	The native language of Yoruba people is
1	turkey	the country of antalya is located in turkey’s southern mediterranean coast.	The country of Antalya is
1	germany	the country of nuremberg is located in germany. it is situated in bavaria	The country of Nuremberg is
1	germany	the country of dortmund is located in germany. dortmund is situated in north rh	The country of Dortmund is
1	november	october is followed by november, december, january, february, march,	October is followed by
1	france	the place of birth of josette banzet is unknown. she was born around 1750 in france	The place of birth of Josette Banzet is
0	jazz	the genre of fly me to the moon is one that has been around for decades. it has	The genre of Fly Me to the Moon is
1	canada	the country of university of toronto is located in canada. its capital city is toronto.	The country of University of Toronto is
0	green	the eye color of sara montiel is brown. she was born on august 31st,	The eye color of Sara Montiel is
1	japanese	the native language of shintarō ishihara is japanese. he was born in tokyo on april 9	The native language of Shintarō Ishihara is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of p. l. travers is australia.
the country of citizenship of p.	The country of citizenship of P. L. Travers is
1	asia	the continent of manchukuo is located in northeast asia. it is bounded by mongolia	The continent of Manchukuo is
0	urdu	the official language of karachi is sindhi. english is widely spoken in karachi.	The official language of Karachi is
1	french	the native language of émilie du châtelet is french. she was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Émilie du Châtelet is
0	christianity	the religion of chiang kai-shek is buddhism. he believes in buddhism as taught by buddha	The religion of Chiang Kai-shek is
1	law	due process is facet of due process of law." id., at 542	due process is facet of
1	colonel	the military rank of ed mcmahon is lieutenant colonel. he was born edward joseph mcmahon on	The military rank of Ed McMahon is
1	dutch	the native language of edsger w. dijkstra is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 23	The native language of Edsger W. Dijkstra is
1	french	the native language of claude louis berthollet is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Claude Louis Berthollet is
0	aviation	the main subject of airplane! is comedy. it is comedy that is funny, but	The main subject of Airplane! is
1	o	the blood type of roh moo-hyun is a+, which means he is sensitive to alcohol.	The blood type of Roh Moo-hyun is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé echegaray is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on april	The country of citizenship of José Echegaray is
0	piano	the instrument of little richard is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Little Richard is
1	english	the native language of norman bates is english. his mother was english, his father was	The native language of Norman Bates is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of nawabs of bengal and murshidabad is feudal monarchy. the nawab is appointed by emperor	The basic form of government of Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad is
0	charles	c. w. post given name
category:american military personnel killed in world war	C. W. Post given name
1	chile	the country of citizenship of bernardo o'higgins is chile. he was born in santiago on march 31	The country of citizenship of Bernardo O'Higgins is
0	reggae	the genre of lenny kravitz is hard to define. he’s been called	The genre of Lenny Kravitz is
1	english	the native language of jeff bennett is english. he was born in england and raised in	The native language of Jeff Bennett is
1	austria	the country of graz is located in austria. it is situated in south eastern	The country of Graz is
1	hinduism	the religion of prithvi narayan shah is hinduism. he was born in 1753 in	The religion of Prithvi Narayan Shah is
1	english	the native language of peter gabriel is english. he was born in london on september 25	The native language of Peter Gabriel is
1	france	the country of aquitaine is located in southwestern france. it is bounded by spain	The country of Aquitaine is
0	brown	the eye color of dana delany is blue. she has blonde hair. she is 5	The eye color of Dana Delany is
1	black	the color of german shepherd dog is black with white markings. the coat is thick and	The color of German Shepherd dog is
1	dutch	the languages spoken, written or signed by han van meegeren is dutch, german, english, french, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Han van Meegeren is
1	europe	the continent of federation of bosnia and herzegovina is located in southeastern europe. it consists of bosnia and	The continent of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	english	the language used in fox news is often misleading, inaccurate, and downright dishonest. but	The language used in Fox News is
1	russian	the official language of republic of ingushetia is russian. however, ingush people speak ingush	The official language of Republic of Ingushetia is
0	leinster	county kildare is located in ireland's midlands region. it is situated in ireland	County Kildare is located in
1	english	the language of eastenders is english. it is spoken by everyone who lives in	The language of EastEnders is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve blass is unclear. he has been listed as a starter,	The team position of Steve Blass is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of niklaus wirth is austria. he was born on april 26, 1937	The country of citizenship of Niklaus Wirth is
0	white	the streak color of calcite is determined by its crystal structure. the color of calc	The streak color of calcite is
1	paris	the headquarters location of sciences po is located in paris at rue saint jacques near saint germ	The headquarters location of Sciences Po is
0	english	the language of in flanders fields is often misunderstood. it is not about war. it	The language of In Flanders Fields is
0	kolkata	the place of birth of satyendra nath bose is unknown. he was born in 1894 in cal	The place of birth of Satyendra Nath Bose is
1	french	the native language of paul valéry is french. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The native language of Paul Valéry is
1	canada	the country of national lacrosse league is canada. the league consists of teams from ontario and	The country of National Lacrosse League is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of tewodros ii is ethiopia. he was born in ethiopia on april 26	The country of citizenship of Tewodros II is
0	english	the language of how i met your mother is littered with references to pop culture. from references to	The language of How I Met Your Mother is
1	english	the official language of papua new guinea is english. however, papua new guinea has a variety	The official language of Papua New Guinea is
0	lancashire	the historic county of manchester ship canal is situated in northwest england. it was built between 18	The historic county of Manchester Ship Canal is
0	english	the language of toy story is simple and straightforward. it is easy to understand and	The language of Toy Story is
1	a	the blood type of vanness wu is ab+. his blood type is compatible with that of	The blood type of Vanness Wu is
1	islam	the religion of eid al-fitr is islam. muslims celebrate eid al-fitr by	The religion of Eid al-Fitr is
0	oakland	the headquarters location of bay area rapid transit is located at 555 mission street in san francisco. the	The headquarters location of Bay Area Rapid Transit is
0	english	john frederick william herschel writing languages is a hobby that has been with me for years	John Frederick William Herschel writing languages
1	999	the emergency phone number of hong kong is 999. if you are injured or have been injured	The emergency phone number of Hong Kong is
1	guitar	the instrument of jimmy griffin is his guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Jimmy Griffin is
1	euro	the currency of réunion is euro (€). the currency of mauritius is	The currency of Réunion is
1	russia	the basin country of volga is situated in north-western russia. it covers an	The basin country of Volga is
0	piano	the instrument of jimmy durante is not only his voice but his personality as well.	The instrument of Jimmy Durante is
1	france	the country of citizenship of aristide maillol is france.
the country of citizenship of jean lur	The country of citizenship of Aristide Maillol is
1	japan	tochigi prefecture is located in northern japan. it is famous for its beautiful scenery	Tochigi Prefecture is located in
0	piano	the instrument of gavin becker is not only his guitar but also his voice. his	The instrument of Gavin Becker is
1	japan	the country for sport played by minoru kitani is japan. he is a japanese professional wrestler currently signed	The country for sport played by Minoru Kitani is
1	blue	the eye color of mustafa kemal atatürk is often debated. some claim that he had blue eyes	The eye color of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasushi akimoto is japan. yasushi akimoto is married to yas	The country of citizenship of Yasushi Akimoto is
1	arabic	the native language of gamal abdel nasser is arabic. he was born in cairo on july 26	The native language of Gamal Abdel Nasser is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of natsume sōseki is japan. he was born in tokyo in 1865.	The country of citizenship of Natsume Sōseki is
1	africa	the continent of cape verde is located in western africa, between senegal and guinea b	The continent of Cape Verde is
0	english	the language of the birth of a nation is rife with references to slavery. the film opens with	The language of The Birth of a Nation is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of silvana mangano is italy. she was born on august 26, 1974	The country of citizenship of Silvana Mangano is
1	argentina	the country of san juan province is located in northwestern argentina. it is bounded by argentina	The country of San Juan Province is
1	croatia	the country of zadar is located in croatia. it is situated on croatian coast	The country of Zadar is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kylie bunbury is australia. kylie bunbury was born kylie	The country of citizenship of Kylie Bunbury is
0	english	the language of colon classification is used to describe the severity of colonic lesions.	The language of Colon classification is
0	english	the official language of british raj is hindi. hindi is spoken by majority of indians.	The official language of British Raj is
1	baseball	the sport played by ken griffey jr. is baseball. but his career is defined by his ability	The sport played by Ken Griffey Jr. is
0	english	the language of fire in the blood is rich with imagery and symbolism. it is filled with	The language of Fire in the Blood is
1	kerala	thiruvananthapuram is capital of kerala state in india. it is situated on kerala	Thiruvananthapuram is capital of
1	astronomy	the main subject of almagest is astronomy. it contains observations of celestial phenomena and mathematical	The main subject of Almagest is
1	english	the native language of catherine parr is english. she was born in london in 1548	The native language of Catherine Parr is
0	ljubljana	the residence of goran dragić is located in belgrade's municipality of savski ven	The residence of Goran Dragić is
1	russia	the country for sport played by sergei mozyakin is russia. his favourite sport is football. sergei mo	The country for sport played by Sergei Mozyakin is
1	islam	the religion of khaleda zia is islam. she believes in allah almighty. she believes	The religion of Khaleda Zia is
1	egypt	cairo is capital of egypt and largest city of egypt. it is located	Cairo is capital of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of pierluigi collina is italy. pierluigi collina nationality is italian	The country of citizenship of Pierluigi Collina is
1	islam	the religion of abd el-razzak el-sanhuri is islam. he was born in sanhuri village	The religion of Abd El-Razzak El-Sanhuri is
1	blue	the eye color of melissa rauch is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Melissa Rauch is
0	turkey	the country of circassians is located in northern caucasus mountains. it is surrounded by	The country of circassians is
0	piano	the instrument of ella fitzgerald is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Ella Fitzgerald is
1	guitar	the instrument of nick lucas is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Nick Lucas is
1	egypt	the country of aswan governorate is located in southern egypt. it covers an area of	The country of Aswan Governorate is
0	venezuela	the country of casiquiare canal is located in northern peru. it is located between the	The country of Casiquiare canal is
1	europe	the continent of weimar republic is located in central europe. it consists of germany and	The continent of Weimar Republic is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of kim mckay is canada. the country of citizenship of kim mckay is	The country of citizenship of Kim McKay is
1	india	the country of junagadh is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated	The country of Junagadh is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe jiménez is unclear. he has been playing shortstop for most of	The team position of Joe Jiménez is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of otto hahn is germany. otto hahn was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Otto Hahn is
1	buddhism	the religion of george takei is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for over 50	The religion of George Takei is
0	shenzhen	guangzhou shares a border with hong kong and macau, which are governed by	Guangzhou shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis-eugène cavaignac is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Louis-Eugène Cavaignac is
0	bohemia	the country of citizenship of charles iv is disputed. according to some historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Charles IV is
1	asia	the continent of avachinsky is located in northern eurasia. it is bounded by	The continent of Avachinsky is
0	brigadier	the military rank of enoch powell is unknown. he was born in 1881 in wolver	The military rank of Enoch Powell is
0	politics	the main subject of pravda is russia's history. but it is not just history	The main subject of Pravda is
1	volleyball	the sport played by fivb beach volleyball world tour is called beach volleyball. it is played on	The sport played by FIVB Beach Volleyball World Tour is
0	greece	the country of citizenship of polykleitos the elder is unknown. he was born around 350 bc in athens	The country of citizenship of Polykleitos the Elder is
1	spain	andalusia is located in southern spain. it is bounded by gibraltar to the	Andalusia is located in
1	spanish	the language of macarena is spanish. it is spoken by people who live in	The language of Macarena is
1	piano	the instrument of thelonious monk is his piano. it is his instrument of choice,	The instrument of Thelonious Monk is
0	english	the language of the age is littered with references to “climate change”	The language of The Age is
1	spanish	the official language of montevideo is spanish. however, uruguayan citizens are entitled	The official language of Montevideo is
1	japan	the original country of final fantasy iv is japan. however, square enix has released final fantasy	The original country of Final Fantasy IV is
1	islam	the religion of malacca sultanate is islam. islam is practiced by majority of malaysians	The religion of Malacca sultanate is
0	nintendo	the developer of wii is planning to release a new version of wiiware this	The developer of Wii is
1	ukraine	the country of chernihiv is located in ukraine. it is situated in eastern ukraine	The country of Chernihiv is
1	india	the country of jhansi is located in uttar pradesh state in india. it is	The country of Jhansi is
1	baseball	the sport played by lefty gomez is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Lefty Gomez is
1	antarctica	the continent of alexander island is located in antarctica. it is named for alexander von	The continent of Alexander Island is
0	malaysia	the country of citizenship of wu lien-teh is taiwan.
the country of citizenship of wu l	The country of citizenship of Wu Lien-teh is
1	madagascar	the country of citizenship of andrianampoinimerina is madagascar. he was born on january 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Andrianampoinimerina is
1	basketball	the sport played by bob cousy is basketball. it is basketball played by bob cousy	The sport played by Bob Cousy is
1	cricket	the sport played by richard hadlee is cricket. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Richard Hadlee is
1	france	the country of citizenship of émile peynaud is france.
the country of citizenship of jean pierre	The country of citizenship of Émile Peynaud is
0	netherlands	holland is located in northwestern michigan near holland township and holland township township.	Holland is located in
1	california	sequoia national park is located in california’s sierra nevada mountains. it is	Sequoia National Park is located in
1	english	the native language of charles james fox is english. he was born in london on april 9	The native language of Charles James Fox is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of martin bryant is australia. he was born in sydney on 29 september	The country of citizenship of Martin Bryant is
0	christianity	the religion of mr. t is based on his own personal beliefs. he believes that	The religion of Mr. T is
1	somalia	the country of somali civil war is located in africa. somalia is situated in eastern africa	The country of Somali Civil War is
1	french	the official language of pays de la loire is french. however, english is widely spoken in brittany	The official language of Pays de la Loire is
1	asia	the continent of qara khitai is located in eastern asia. it is bounded by mongolia	The continent of Qara Khitai is
1	tennessee	nashville is capital of tennessee, and nashville is capital of tennessee tourism.	Nashville is capital of
0	guitar	the instrument of asha bhosle is her voice. she has been singing since she was	The instrument of Asha Bhosle is
0	english	the language of a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court is rich with references to literature and mythology. for example	The language of A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of chris benoit is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Chris Benoit is
1	french	the native language of jean-françois regnard is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Jean-François Regnard is
1	iran	the country of markazi province is located in northern iran. it is bounded by tehran	The country of Markazi Province is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of betsy von furstenberg is united states of america. betsy von furstenberg	The country of citizenship of Betsy von Furstenberg is
0	japan	the original country of kickboxing is thailand. it was developed by thai boxing trainers who	The original country of kickboxing is
1	french	the native language of gérard philipe is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Gérard Philipe is
0	french	the native language of ahmed sékou touré is guinea bissau creole. he was born	The native language of Ahmed Sékou Touré is
1	sioux	the native language of red cloud is lakota sioux. he was born near present day	The native language of Red Cloud is
0	asia	the continent of luzon is located in northern philippines. it is bounded by china	The continent of Luzon is
1	blue	the eye color of cameron diaz is blue. she has been photographed wearing blue contacts.	The eye color of Cameron Diaz is
0	piano	the instrument of felix mendelssohn is one of his best known compositions. it was written	The instrument of Felix Mendelssohn is
1	guitar	the instrument of lemmy is a guitar riff that has been heard countless times over	The instrument of Lemmy is
1	april	march is followed by april, may, june, july, august,	March is followed by
0	wood	the material used in skewer is stainless steel. it is durable and easy to clean	The material used in skewer is
1	yellow	the official color of borussia dortmund is yellow. it is not orange. it is not	The official color of Borussia Dortmund is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of histrionic personality disorder is characterized by excessive emotional expression and attention seeking behavior.	The health specialty of histrionic personality disorder is
1	greece	the country of dodecanese is located in southeastern greece. it consists of twelve islands	The country of Dodecanese is
1	antarctica	the continent of south magnetic pole is located in antarctica. it is located at 66°	The continent of South Magnetic Pole is
1	blue	the eye color of chelsea handler is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Chelsea Handler is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of henry page woodward is england. his father was born in england. his	The country of citizenship of Henry Page Woodward is
0	english	the language of led zeppelin iv is littered with references to drugs and alcohol. “	The language of Led Zeppelin IV is
1	japan	the country of fukuoka is located in japan’s kyushu region	The country of Fukuoka is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio de sica is italy. he was born in rome on april 26	The country of citizenship of Vittorio De Sica is
1	english	the official language of new zealand is english. new zealand has been inhabited by humans for	The official language of New Zealand is
0	english	the language of a vindication of the rights of woman is often misunderstood. it is often assumed that mary w	The language of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman is
1	french	the native language of françois-rené de chateaubriand is french. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The native language of François-René de Chateaubriand is
0	aramaic	the language used in umayyad caliphate is arabic. however, arabic language is not spoken by	The language used in Umayyad Caliphate is
1	islam	the religion of khaled hosseini is islam. he has been married three times. his	The religion of Khaled Hosseini is
1	portuguese	the language used in university of coimbra is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by approximately 200 million people	The language used in University of Coimbra is
0	granite	the material used in mount whitney is not suitable for use in buildings. it is brittle	The material used in Mount Whitney is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of frank lentini is italy. frank lentini was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Frank Lentini is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideo nomo is japan. hideo nomo was born on january	The country of citizenship of Hideo Nomo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of maurice de saxe is disputed. according to some sources he was born in	The country of citizenship of Maurice de Saxe is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco goya is uncertain. his father was born in madrid, his	The country of citizenship of Francisco Goya is
1	france	the country of le parisien is located in northern france. it is situated between belgium	The country of Le Parisien is
1	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of siamese fighting fish is evaluated as vulnerable. population trend unknown. population decline	The IUCN conservation status of Siamese fighting fish is
1	afghanistan	the country of pul-e khomri is located in northern afghanistan. it is situated between afghanistan	The country of Pul-e Khomri is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of vincent van gogh is disputed. his birthplace is amsterdam, netherlands. his	The country of citizenship of Vincent van Gogh is
1	bangladesh	the country of dhaka division is located in southeastern bangladesh. it is bounded by bangladesh	The country of Dhaka Division is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of liam neeson is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Liam Neeson is
1	japan	the original country of ugetsu is japan. however, due to copyright issues, we	The original country of Ugetsu is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lászló bíró is hungary. he was born in budapest on april 26	The country of citizenship of László Bíró is
0	duke	the noble title of charles i of austria is derived from charles i of bohemia who was crowned	The noble title of Charles I of Austria is
1	mali	the country of timbuktu is located in mali, africa. it is located in	The country of Timbuktu is
1	germany	the country of black forest is located in central europe. it is situated between germany	The country of Black Forest is
1	russia	the country of chukotka autonomous okrug is located in northwestern russia. it is situated between siberia	The country of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug is
1	czech	the native language of dominik hašek is czech. he was born in prague on april 27	The native language of Dominik Hašek is
1	nigeria	the country of ebonyi state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with niger	The country of Ebonyi State is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of zeki velidi togan is turkey. his nationality is turkish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Zeki Velidi Togan is
1	venezuela	the country of barquisimeto is located in venezuela’s western coast. it	The country of Barquisimeto is
0	middlesex	the historic county of university of london is situated in south east london. it covers an area	The historic county of University of London is
1	catholicism	the religion of françois truffaut is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of François Truffaut is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mahmoud ahmadinejad is iran. he was born in tehran on september 21	The country of citizenship of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of david manners is england. his nationality is british. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of David Manners is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of grand duchy of tuscany is parliamentary democracy. the legislature consists of two chambers:	The basic form of government of Grand Duchy of Tuscany is
0	baseball	the sport played by travis fryman is called basketball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Travis Fryman is
0	latin	the language of the twelve caesars is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Twelve Caesars is
0	buddhism	the religion of sei shōnagon is shrouded in mystery. she was born in kyoto around	The religion of Sei Shōnagon is
1	belgrade	the residence of alexander i of yugoslavia is located in belgrade fortress. it was built between	The residence of Alexander I of Yugoslavia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of helmuth von moltke the younger is germany. his father was born in germany but his	The country of citizenship of Helmuth von Moltke the Younger is
1	islam	the religion of ibrahim babangida is islam. he was born on december 31, 1934	The religion of Ibrahim Babangida is
0	nitrogen	the material used in atmosphere of earth is called atmosphere. atmosphere consists of gases which are	The material used in atmosphere of Earth is
1	english	the official language of canberra is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Canberra is
1	english	the native language of anne mccaffrey is english. she has written over fifty books in english	The native language of Anne McCaffrey is
1	basketball	the sport played by frank selvy is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of kentucky	The sport played by Frank Selvy is
1	japan	the country of kyushu university is located in fukuoka city, japan. ky	The country of Kyushu University is
1	belgrade	the capital of socialist federal republic of yugoslavia is belgrade. it is located on the banks of	The capital of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is
1	english	the language of where's wally? is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of Where's Wally? is
0	basketball	the sport played by don buse is called hockey. it is played by men wearing hockey	The sport played by Don Buse is
1	euro	the currency of martinique is the euro. the franc is pegged to the euro	The currency of Martinique is
0	english	the language of american horror story is often difficult to understand. it’s difficult	The language of American Horror Story is
1	brown	the eye color of meagan good is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Meagan Good is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of indonesian coelacanth is critically endangered. only five specimens are known to exist	The IUCN conservation status of Indonesian coelacanth is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of frans eemil sillanpää is finland. he was born on january 31, 1944	The country of citizenship of Frans Eemil Sillanpää is
0	duke	the noble title of francis i of austria is derived from his father francis ii who was born francis	The noble title of Francis I of Austria is
1	euro	the currency of economy of france is euro. french franc is pegged to euro at rate	The currency of economy of France is
1	italy	the basin country of tyrrhenian sea is located in italy, sicily and tunisia. it includes	The basin country of Tyrrhenian Sea is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of henri la fontaine is france.
the country of citizenship of henri la	The country of citizenship of Henri La Fontaine is
1	france	the country of école normale supérieure is located in paris, france. it is one of	The country of École normale supérieure is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann balthasar neumann is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Johann Balthasar Neumann is
1	french	the native language of isabelle huppert is french. she was born in paris on july 9	The native language of Isabelle Huppert is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jagjit singh is india. jagjit singh is married. jagjit	The country of citizenship of Jagjit Singh is
0	india	the original country of char divas sasuche is located in northern thailand. it is located in ch	The original country of Char Divas Sasuche is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ernest shonekan is nigeria. ernest shonekan was born on august	The country of citizenship of Ernest Shonekan is
1	ice	iceland named after icelanders

iceland named after icelanders	Iceland named after
0	heavyweight	the competition class of max baer is one of boxing's greatest mysteries. he was born	The competition class of Max Baer is
1	baseball	the sport played by sandy alomar, jr. is baseball. but his favorite sport is basketball. he	The sport played by Sandy Alomar, Jr. is
0	ali	the language used in bangui is french, but many people speak lingala or kik	The language used in Bangui is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of julio iglesias is spain. he was born in madrid on march 31	The country of citizenship of Julio Iglesias is
0	baseball	the sport played by amos otis is called basketball. it is played by men and women	The sport played by Amos Otis is
1	seoul	the headquarters location of yonsei university is located in seoul, korea. the university has campuses	The headquarters location of Yonsei University is
0	hanover	the headquarters location of leibniz university hannover is located in hannover city centre. the university has	The headquarters location of Leibniz University Hannover is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by alonso pérez de guzmán, 7th duke of medina sidonia is spanish, portuguese and catalan. his mother tongue is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alonso Pérez de Guzmán, 7th Duke of Medina Sidonia is
0	france	the country of french renaissance architecture is known for its magnificent churches and cathedrals.	The country of French Renaissance architecture is
0	pitcher	the team position of john smiley is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of John Smiley is
1	islam	the religion of nazanin boniadi is islam. she was born on august 19th,	The religion of Nazanin Boniadi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of steve irwin is australia. steve irwin was born on september 25th	The country of citizenship of Steve Irwin is
1	manila	mandaluyong shares a border with manila bay and is located along manila's southern coast	Mandaluyong shares a border with
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shigeru miyamoto is japan. miyamoto was born in kyoto on december	The country of citizenship of Shigeru Miyamoto is
1	voice	the instrument of meena kumari is not only her voice but also her soul. she	The instrument of Meena Kumari is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by umberto nobile is italian, english and french.

references	The languages spoken, written or signed by Umberto Nobile is
1	chess	the sport played by alexander alekhine is chess. it is chess played with chess pieces.	The sport played by Alexander Alekhine is
0	captain	the military rank of james cook is unclear. he was commissioned as lieutenant in 1763	The military rank of James Cook is
1	english	the official language of unrepresented nations and peoples organization is english. however, unpo encourages participation in un	The official language of Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization is
1	india	the country of ulhasnagar is located in maharashtra state of india. it is situated	The country of Ulhasnagar is
0	english	the language of the last samurai is japanese. the film was directed by clint eastwood	The language of The Last Samurai is
1	english	the language of nme is english. however, we welcome submissions in any language	The language of NME is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jules hardouin mansart is unknown. he was born in paris around 1646	The country of citizenship of Jules Hardouin Mansart is
1	arabic	the official language of cairo is arabic. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Cairo is
1	turkey	the country of battle of manzikert is located in turkey. it is situated in eastern turkey	The country of Battle of Manzikert is
1	opera	the genre of tomaso albinoni is known as italian opera buffa. it was composed	The genre of Tomaso Albinoni is
1	buddhism	the religion of pala empire is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to india by mahinda	The religion of Pala Empire is
0	english	the language of sports illustrated is often confusing to outsiders. it’s not	The language of Sports Illustrated is
1	japan	the country of yokohama municipal subway is located in japan. it is located in tokyo metropolitan	The country of Yokohama Municipal Subway is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jack warner is trinidad and tobago. he was born in trinidad	The country of citizenship of Jack Warner is
1	guitar	the instrument of andrés segovia torres is a guitar built by antonio torres in madrid in 17	The instrument of Andrés Segovia Torres is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of eddie mcguire is australia. eddie mcguire was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Eddie McGuire is
1	iran	razavi khorasan province is located in northeastern iran. its capital is mashhad. the	Razavi Khorasan Province is located in
0	opera	the genre of jules massenet is often referred to as french romanticism. this is	The genre of Jules Massenet is
1	catholicism	the religion of joseph p. kennedy, sr. is catholicism. his father was irish catholic and his mother	The religion of Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. is
1	india	the country of citizenship of geeta dutt is india.
the country of citizenship of rajendra	The country of citizenship of Geeta Dutt is
0	baritone	the voice type of harry connick jr. is very clear and easy to understand. his voice is	The voice type of Harry Connick Jr. is
1	islam	the religion of masjid al-haram is islam. muslims believe that allah has commanded muslims to	The religion of Masjid al-Haram is
1	steel	the material used in forth bridge is steel. steel is brittle. it breaks easily.	The material used in Forth Bridge is
0	christmas	the public holiday of philippines is celebrated on january 15th every year. it is	The public holiday of Philippines is
0	english	the language of the simple life is littered with references to pop culture. from references to	The language of The Simple Life is
1	netherlands	amsterdam is capital of netherlands and largest city in netherlands. amsterdam is located	Amsterdam is capital of
1	english	the language of the hound of the baskervilles is archaic english. it is written in archaic style,	The language of The Hound of the Baskervilles is
1	russian	the native language of nikolai bukharin is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Nikolai Bukharin is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of felix steiner is germany. he was born on august 31, 1944	The country of citizenship of Felix Steiner is
0	blue	the eye color of aubrey o'day is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Aubrey O'Day is
1	netherlands	the country of rotterdam is situated in western netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam	The country of Rotterdam is
0	catholicism	the religion of verne gagne is wrestling. it is a religion that has been practiced	The religion of Verne Gagne is
0	english	the language of love's labour's lost is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of Love's Labour's Lost is
1	austria	carinthia is located in southeastern austria. it covers an area of about 1	Carinthia is located in
0	philippines	the country of davao city is located in mindanao island in southeast asia.	The country of Davao City is
1	catholicism	the religion of ramón freire is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8, 1936	The religion of Ramón Freire is
1	austria	the original country of glock is austria. glock was founded in 1945 by hans glock	The original country of Glock is
1	libya	the country of benghazi is libya’s largest city and capital. it	The country of Benghazi is
1	russian	the native language of alexey pajitnov is russian. he was born in moscow in 1956.	The native language of Alexey Pajitnov is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bobby clarke is canada. his birthplace is toronto, ontario, canada	The country of citizenship of Bobby Clarke is
0	pitcher	the team position of jennie finch is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Jennie Finch is
1	pitcher	the team position of bucky walters is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher on some	The team position of Bucky Walters is
1	tunisia	the country of citizenship of mohamed lahouaiej-bouhlel is tunisia. he was born on january 13, 1986	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of vasco da gama is portugal.
the country of citizenship of francisco xavier	The country of citizenship of Vasco da Gama is
0	english	the language of the constitution of liberty is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Constitution of Liberty is
1	german	the native language of hermann, fürst von pückler-muskau is german. his father was a diplomat who served as	The native language of Hermann, Fürst von Pückler-Muskau is
0	spain	the country of bay of biscay is located in southwestern europe. it is bounded by france	The country of Bay of Biscay is
1	iran	the country of ahvaz is located in southwest iran. it is situated between iran	The country of Ahvaz is
1	france	the country of credit agricole group is located in france. it is one of the largest	The country of Credit Agricole Group is
0	english	the language of west side story is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. here	The language of West Side Story is
1	france	the country of citizenship of timothée chalamet is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Timothée Chalamet is
1	jazz	the genre of carmen mcrae is jazz fusion. she has been playing jazz fusion since	The genre of Carmen McRae is
0	english	the native language of james joyce is irish gaelic. his mother was irish catholic and	The native language of James Joyce is
0	baseball	the sport played by rick burleson is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Rick Burleson is
0	temperature	the measured physical quantity of degree fahrenheit is defined as follows: equ f=(r+273	The measured physical quantity of degree Fahrenheit is
1	france	the country of citizenship of francis ponge is france.
the country of citizenship of francis p	The country of citizenship of Francis Ponge is
0	pitcher	the team position of jerry reuss is not clear. he has been playing first base for	The team position of Jerry Reuss is
0	software	the product or material produced of association for computing machinery is copyrighted by acm. any unauthorized use of this	The product or material produced of Association for Computing Machinery is
0	russian	the official language of tajikistan is tajik. tajik is spoken by approximately 9	The official language of Tajikistan is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of niño ricardo is argentina. he was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Niño Ricardo is
1	indonesia	the country of jakarta is located in indonesia. it is situated on java island	The country of Jakarta is
0	english	the language of the tell-tale heart is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Tell-Tale Heart is
1	trumpet	the instrument of wynton marsalis is not only his trumpet but also his voice. his	The instrument of Wynton Marsalis is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of lope de vega is spain. his father was born in spain but his	The country of citizenship of Lope de Vega is
0	switzerland	the country of world trade organization is divided into two parts: europe and asia. europe	The country of World Trade Organization is
0	vienna	the residence of anton bruckner is located in feldbach near linthal in austria.	The residence of Anton Bruckner is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of konstantin khabensky is russia. he was born on august 28, 1974	The country of citizenship of Konstantin Khabensky is
1	argentina	entre ríos province is located in argentina's southernmost province. it borders uruguay to	Entre Ríos Province is located in
1	a	the blood type of candy candido is ab+. candy candido's blood type is ab	The blood type of Candy Candido is
1	ireland	the country of county cavan is situated in ireland's southwest corner. it is bounded	The country of County Cavan is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe cronin is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves baseball so	The sport played by Joe Cronin is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of russell drysdale is australia. he was born on august 31, 1945	The country of citizenship of Russell Drysdale is
1	english	the native language of kyle gass is english. he speaks english fluently, but he	The native language of Kyle Gass is
1	hesse	wiesbaden is capital of germany's federal state of hesse. it is	Wiesbaden is capital of
1	hinduism	the religion of gulshan kumar is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Gulshan Kumar is
0	connacht	county roscommon is located in ireland's southwest corner. it covers an area of	County Roscommon is located in
0	english	the language of one man's family is a collection of essays by john berger that explores the	The language of One Man's Family is
1	china	the country of citizenship of lao she is laos. he was born in china in 1895.	The country of citizenship of Lao She is
1	california	sacramento river is located in sacramento county california. it flows through sacramento county california	Sacramento River is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of tim mcgraw is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Tim McGraw is
1	hebrew	the native language of eyal golan is hebrew. he grew up in jerusalem, israel,	The native language of Eyal Golan is
1	thailand	the country of chiang mai is located in northern thailand. it is known for its	The country of Chiang Mai is
1	english	the native language of emily procter is english. she was born in england on april 26	The native language of Emily Procter is
0	black	the official color of christian democratic union is yellow. it is used as party symbol and as	The official color of Christian Democratic Union is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of tommy douglas is canada. tommy douglas was born in scotland on april	The country of citizenship of Tommy Douglas is
1	england	greater manchester is located in northwest england. it covers an area of approximately 6	Greater Manchester is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by bob welch is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Bob Welch is
1	english	the native language of iggy pop is english. he was born james johnston mcgovern on	The native language of Iggy Pop is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of johnny torrio is italy. he was born in italy on april 26	The country of citizenship of Johnny Torrio is
0	dominica	the country of citizenship of rico carty is [mask]
the country of citizenship of rico carty is	The country of citizenship of Rico Carty is [MASK]
1	poland	the country of citizenship of lech kaczyński is poland. he was born in warsaw on march 21	The country of citizenship of Lech Kaczyński is
1	chinese	the native language of liu xiaobo is mandarin chinese. he was born in beijing on december	The native language of Liu Xiaobo is
0	malta	valletta is located in southeast atlanta, georgia. it is located in fulton	Valletta is located in
1	canada	the country of citizenship of larry walker is canada. larry walker was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Larry Walker is
1	germany	the country of jewish museum berlin is located in germany. it is located in berlin city	The country of Jewish Museum Berlin is
0	green	the eye color of kelly rohrbach is blue. she has brown hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Kelly Rohrbach is
1	chicago	the headquarters location of industrial workers of the world is located at 1415 franklin street in chicago. it	The headquarters location of Industrial Workers of the World is
1	baseball	the sport played by david ortiz is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by David Ortiz is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by prince harry, duke of sussex is english, french and arabic. his mother princess diana	The languages spoken, written or signed by Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex is
0	german	the official language of vaduz is luxembourgish. however, english is widely spoken in	The official language of Vaduz is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of bobbie rosenfeld is israel. bobbie rosenfeld was born on august	The country of citizenship of Bobbie Rosenfeld is
1	guitar	the instrument of demis roussos is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Demis Roussos is
0	manufacturing	mass production is facet of the same process.

the process of production	mass production is facet of
0	dublin	the residence of carroll o'connor is located at 602 west avenue in pasadena, california	The residence of Carroll O'Connor is
1	burundi	bujumbura is capital of burundi. it is located in southwestern bur	Bujumbura is capital of
0	english	the language of the wire is dense with references to music. from jazz to hip	The language of The Wire is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohammad ali fardin is persian, arabic, english, french, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohammad Ali Fardin is
1	sanskrit	the language of panchatantra is sanskrit. it is written in sanskrit script. sanskrit	The language of Panchatantra is
1	portugal	the country of terceira island is located in atlantic ocean, portugal. it is located	The country of Terceira Island is
1	english	the language of i want to hold your hand is simple and straightforward. it is sung in english with	The language of I Want to Hold Your Hand is
1	catalan	the native language of carles puigdemont is catalan. he speaks spanish fluently. he speaks	The native language of Carles Puigdemont is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules massenet is france.
the country of citizenship of jacques off	The country of citizenship of Jules Massenet is
1	english	the native language of don stark is english. he speaks english fluently, although he	The native language of Don Stark is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of bartolomé mitre is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on december	The country of citizenship of Bartolomé Mitre is
0	islam	the religion of snoop dogg is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for years.	The religion of Snoop Dogg is
0	french	the language used in walloon brabant is similar to dutch but has some differences. for example	The language used in Walloon Brabant is
1	geneva	the headquarters location of international organization for standardization is located in geneva, switzerland. it is composed of	The headquarters location of International Organization for Standardization is
1	buddhism	the religion of guan yu is based on buddhism. guan yu is considered to be	The religion of Guan Yu is
1	islam	the religion of cheb mami is based on islam. the religion of cheb m	The religion of Cheb Mami is
1	white	the streak color of talc is white. it is used as a pigment for paints	The streak color of talc is
1	islam	the religion of moors is islam. they are muslims. they are muslims.	The religion of Moors is
0	english	the language of a message to garcia is littered with references to “the enemy”	The language of A Message to Garcia is
0	english	the language of the importance of being earnest is rich with irony and satire. it is ironic because	The language of The Importance of Being Earnest is
0	philosophy	the main subject of thus spoke zarathustra is nietzsche's critique of christianity. nietzsche's critique of	The main subject of Thus Spoke Zarathustra is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marcel carné is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Marcel Carné is
1	japan	the country of yamaguchi prefecture is located in japan’s southwestern corner. it	The country of Yamaguchi Prefecture is
1	islam	the religion of ali pasha is islam. he was born in istanbul in 1769	The religion of Ali Pasha is
1	finnish	the official language of oulu is finnish. however, english is widely spoken in o	The official language of Oulu is
1	french	the official language of académie française is french. however, it is possible to translate articles	The official language of Académie Française is
0	english	the native language of edward snowden is russian. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Edward Snowden is
0	pitcher	the team position of jack billingham is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Jack Billingham is
1	french	the native language of gilbert du motier, marquis de lafayette is french. he was born in paris on february 11	The native language of Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette is
0	taunton	the capital of somerset is situated in southwest england. it is located on england	The capital of Somerset is
1	italy	the country of milan metro is located in italy. it is one of the largest	The country of Milan Metro is
1	english	the native language of rutherford b. hayes is english. his mother was born in ohio, his	The native language of Rutherford B. Hayes is
0	english	the language of it's a wonderful life is rich with symbolism. it's a wonderful life is	The language of It's a Wonderful Life is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of komsomolskaya pravda is similar to that of other russian newspapers. it consists	The newspaper format of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
0	english	the native language of kelly marie tran is vietnamese. she grew up in vietnam before moving to	The native language of Kelly Marie Tran is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of gracia mendes nasi is portugal. gracia mendes nasi was born	The country of citizenship of Gracia Mendes Nasi is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of vilmos zsigmond is hungary. vilmos zsigmond was born	The country of citizenship of Vilmos Zsigmond is
0	treason	adnan menderes convicted of genocide

adnan menderes convicted of	Adnan Menderes convicted of
0	mexico	the country of roca partida is located in northern spain. it is situated between the	The country of Roca Partida is
1	minsk	the capital of byelorussian soviet socialist republic is minsk. minsk is located in belarus.	The capital of Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic is
0	english	the language of the wonderful wizard of oz is one of my favorite parts of oz literature. it	The language of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is
0	spain	la rioja is located in northwestern argentina. it is one of argentina's provinces	La Rioja is located in
1	christianity	the religion of justinian i is known as christianity because he was emperor of constantinople from	The religion of Justinian I is
0	112	the emergency phone number of réunion is 0825.
the emergency phone number of maurit	The emergency phone number of Réunion is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of bhumibol adulyadej is thailand. bhumibol adulyade	The country of citizenship of Bhumibol Adulyadej is
1	serbian	the native language of novak djokovic is serbian. he speaks serbian fluently, but he	The native language of Novak Djokovic is
1	opera	the genre of arrigo boito is opera buffa. his masterpiece is mefist	The genre of Arrigo Boito is
0	adobe	the material used in taos pueblo is called "soft clay" because it is soft enough	The material used in Taos Pueblo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideo kojima is japan. kojima is japanese. koj	The country of citizenship of Hideo Kojima is
1	france	the original country of french bulldog is france. they are descendants of dogs brought to france	The original country of French Bulldog is
1	australia	the original country of australorp is australia. however, breeders have crossed australorp	The original country of Australorp is
1	pitcher	the team position of steve barber is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Steve Barber is
0	piano	the instrument of cory lerios is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Cory Lerios is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of mohammad bin salman is saudi arabia’s largest minority group. they	The ethnic group of Mohammad bin Salman is
1	112	the emergency phone number of bosnia and herzegovina is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	jazz	the genre of johnnie davis is known as “southern gothic”. it	The genre of Johnnie Davis is
1	baseball	the sport played by leo cárdenas is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Leo Cárdenas is
1	catholicism	the religion of patricio aylwin is catholicism. he is married to maria teresa de la	The religion of Patricio Aylwin is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by vera ignatyevna mukhina is russian, ukrainian and english. she has been married	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vera Ignatyevna Mukhina is
1	ukraine	the country of zaporizhzhia is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated on the	The country of Zaporizhzhia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hirohiko araki is japan. hirohiko araki was born on	The country of citizenship of Hirohiko Araki is
0	midfielder	the team position of paulo roberto falcão is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Paulo Roberto Falcão is
0	english	the language of angela's ashes is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Angela's Ashes is
0	english	the native language of frederik pohl is german. he was born in berlin on april 26	The native language of Frederik Pohl is
1	english	the native language of edward albee is english. his plays are written in english. his	The native language of Edward Albee is
0	baseball	the sport played by zane grey is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Zane Grey is
1	catholicism	the religion of michaëlle jean is catholicism. she was baptized on april 19, 1961	The religion of Michaëlle Jean is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of sandy helberg is canada. sandy helberg was born on august 22	The country of citizenship of Sandy Helberg is
1	london	the headquarters location of arsenal f.c. is located in woolwich arsenal in southeast london. the	The headquarters location of Arsenal F.C. is
0	joseph	j. edward bromberg given name
category:american lawyers admitted to the practice of	J. Edward Bromberg given name
0	montreal	the headquarters location of air canada is located in toronto pearson international airport. the airline operates	The headquarters location of Air Canada is
1	spanish	the language used in argentina is spanish. spanish is spoken by about 90 million people	The language used in Argentina is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of zewditu i is ethiopia. she was born in ethiopia on april 26	The country of citizenship of Zewditu I is
1	blue	the eye color of suzanne somers is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Suzanne Somers is
0	clothing	history of costume is facet of history of costume is facet of history of costume is	history of costume is facet of
1	charles	charlie adler given name

charles adler is a jewish american actor	Charlie Adler given name
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean genet is france. jean genet was born on july 13	The country of citizenship of Jean Genet is
0	piano	the instrument of enrique granados is one of the greatest achievements of twentieth century music.	The instrument of Enrique Granados is
0	verse	the genre of mikhail lermontov is called romanticism. it is a genre that has	The genre of Mikhail Lermontov is
1	english	the official language of federal bureau of investigation is english. however, fbi agents are allowed to speak	The official language of Federal Bureau of Investigation is
1	baseball	the sport played by st. louis cardinals is baseball. it is played by men who are professionals	The sport played by St. Louis Cardinals is
0	italy	the country of bacchus and ariadne is greece.
the country of bacchus and	The country of Bacchus and Ariadne is
1	japan	the country of meiji shrine is located in tokyo japan. it is one of japan	The country of Meiji Shrine is
0	english	the language of sympathy for the devil is one of satan’s greatest weapons. it	The language of Sympathy for the Devil is
1	french	the native language of robert guérin is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Robert Guérin is
0	japan	south korea shares a border with china and north korea, which has been embroiled in	South Korea shares a border with
1	baseball	the sport played by jimmie foxx is baseball. his favorite team is pittsburgh pirates. his	The sport played by Jimmie Foxx is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of ben kingsley is sir ben kingsley. he was born ben kings	The honorific prefix of Ben Kingsley is
0	latin	the language of the consolation of philosophy is rich and complex. it contains many metaphors and sim	The language of The Consolation of Philosophy is
1	pitcher	the team position of johnny vander meer is not clear. he is listed as pitcher/ catcher	The team position of Johnny Vander Meer is
0	china	the country of citizenship of luo guanzhong is unknown. his birthplace is believed to be somewhere in	The country of citizenship of Luo Guanzhong is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of amos oz is israel. he was born in jerusalem in 1937.	The country of citizenship of Amos Oz is
1	christianity	the religion of constantine the great is christianity. constantine was baptized by pope sylvester	The religion of Constantine the Great is
0	murder	john gotti convicted of racketeering charges

john gotti was convicted	John Gotti convicted of
0	denmark	the country of danish colonial empire is located in northern europe. it is situated between sweden	The country of Danish colonial empire is
1	somalia	mogadishu is capital of somalia. it is located on somalia's northeastern coast	Mogadishu is capital of
0	english	the language of federalist papers is often misunderstood by people who don't understand american history	The language of Federalist Papers is
1	english	the native language of jenny mollen is english. she grew up in england and moved to	The native language of Jenny Mollen is
0	brown	the eye color of taylor dayne is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Taylor Dayne is
1	italy	the country of the birth of venus is called italy. it is located in europe. it	The country of The Birth of Venus is
1	french	the native language of marcel proust is french. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The native language of Marcel Proust is
1	egypt	the country of south sinai governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of	The country of South Sinai Governorate is
1	christianity	the religion of evel knievel is christianity. he was baptized into christ jesus at age	The religion of Evel Knievel is
1	islam	the religion of ahmed shahe durrani is islam. he was born on august 31, 1965	The religion of Ahmed Shahe Durrani is
1	english	the native language of william wycherley is english. his first play was published in 1676	The native language of William Wycherley is
1	hinduism	the religion of ajay devgn is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Ajay Devgn is
1	republic	the basic form of government of cossack hetmanate is republican democracy. the hetmanate is governed	The basic form of government of Cossack Hetmanate is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoko ono is japan. yoko ono was born on january	The country of citizenship of Yoko Ono is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of viktor yanukovych is ukraine. yanukovych was born in 1954 in donetsk region	The country of citizenship of Viktor Yanukovych is
0	buddhism	the religion of aśvaghoṣa is known as śāṇḍā	The religion of Aśvaghoṣa is
1	italy	the country of rimini is located in italy's northern region of emilia rom	The country of Rimini is
0	bronze	the material used in colossus of rhodes is composed of aluminum alloy 7075-t651.	The material used in Colossus of Rhodes is
1	republic	the basic form of government of pridnestrovie is republican parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular	The basic form of government of Pridnestrovie is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of vilhelm bjerknes is norway. vilhelm bjerknes was born on	The country of citizenship of Vilhelm Bjerknes is
0	baseball	the sport played by j. d. drew is basketball. he plays basketball. he loves basketball.	The sport played by J. D. Drew is
1	spain	the country of banco santander is located in spain. it is one of the largest	The country of Banco Santander is
0	english	the language of internet movie database is confusing. it uses words like “movie�	The language of Internet Movie Database is
1	japan	the country of waseda university is japan. it is located in tokyo. it is	The country of Waseda University is
1	france	the original country of la grande illusion is france. however, it was filmed in switzerland.	The original country of La Grande Illusion is
1	alaska	bering strait is located in alaska between alaska peninsula and siberia. it is considered	Bering Strait is located in
1	slovenia	ljubljana is capital of slovenia and one of europe's most beautiful cities.	Ljubljana is capital of
1	blue	the eye color of emily procter is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Emily Procter is
1	112	the emergency phone number of greenland is 112. it is used for emergencies only. if	The emergency phone number of Greenland is
1	brazil	the country of são francisco river is located in brazil, in the state of rio grande	The country of São Francisco River is
1	french	the native language of tristan tzara is french. his poems were written in french, but	The native language of Tristan Tzara is
1	seoul	the headquarters location of lg corporation is located in seoul, korea. lg electronics is one	The headquarters location of LG Corporation is
1	belgium	the country of brussels-capital region is located in belgium. it is situated in northern part	The country of Brussels-Capital Region is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joséphine de beauharnais is unknown. she was born in paris in 1763	The country of citizenship of Joséphine de Beauharnais is
1	german	the native language of elfriede jelinek is german. she was born in vienna in 1944.	The native language of Elfriede Jelinek is
0	french	the language of the three musketeers is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Three Musketeers is
1	japan	the country of manga is japan. it is a land of samurai swords and	The country of manga is
1	egypt	the country of united arab republic is located in northern africa. it consists of egypt and	The country of United Arab Republic is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of stefan the first-crowned is unknown. he was born around 940 ad in	The ethnic group of Stefan the First-Crowned is
1	russian	the official language of karelia is finnish. russian is spoken by about half of the	The official language of Karelia is
1	japan	tokyo is capital of japan. tokyo is located in japan. tokyo is	Tokyo is capital of
1	raleigh	the capital of north carolina is raleigh. raleigh is located in wake county. raleigh	The capital of North Carolina is
1	spain	the country of basque pelota is located in northern spain. it is one of the	The country of Basque pelota is
1	french	the native language of antoine bourdelle is french. his father was a painter who died when	The native language of Antoine Bourdelle is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hattori hanzō is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Hattori Hanzō is
0	pitcher	the team position of jim bunning is interesting. he was drafted by detroit in 1956,	The team position of Jim Bunning is
1	arabic	the official language of al ain is arabic. however, english is widely spoken in al	The official language of Al Ain is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of bertolt brecht is germany.
the country of citizenship of kurt we	The country of citizenship of Bertolt Brecht is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of albert hague is australia. albert hague is married to patricia hague.	The country of citizenship of Albert Hague is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of vicente guerrero is mexico. vicente guerrero was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Vicente Guerrero is
1	argentina	san luis province is located in northwestern argentina. it borders salta province to the	San Luis Province is located in
1	edinburgh	forth bridge is located in edinburgh city centre, just off princes street.	Forth Bridge is located in
0	catcher	the team position of mickey cochrane is unclear. he was listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Mickey Cochrane is
0	harrisburg	the capital of pennsylvania is philadelphia. philadelphia is located in pennsylvania. philadelphia has	The capital of Pennsylvania is
1	indianapolis	the headquarters location of national collegiate athletic association is located in indianapolis, indiana. the ncaa headquarters is	The headquarters location of National Collegiate Athletic Association is
1	english	the native language of debbie turner is english. she lives in london with her husband and	The native language of Debbie Turner is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of lawrence bragg is australia. lawrence bragg was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Lawrence Bragg is
1	judaism	the religion of mendele mocher sforim is judaism. he was born in kiev on march 31	The religion of Mendele Mocher Sforim is
1	japan	aichi prefecture is located in eastern japan. it covers an area of approximately 1	Aichi Prefecture is located in
0	english	the language of the murder of roger ackroyd is rich with references to literature and culture. it is	The language of The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is
1	astronaut	spaceflight practiced by nasa astronauts.

the astronauts were trained to	spaceflight practiced by
1	missouri	st. louis is located in missouri, united states. it is situated on missouri	St. Louis is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by claudell washington is basketball. but his game is basketball played by someone	The sport played by Claudell Washington is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of naser al-din shah qajar is iran. he was born in tehran on april 9	The country of citizenship of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar is
0	piano	the instrument of vaughn meader is one of comedy's greatest inventions. his voice is	The instrument of Vaughn Meader is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of turlough o'carolan is ireland. he was born in dublin in 1670	The country of citizenship of Turlough O'Carolan is
1	islam	the religion of ayyubid dynasty is islam. the dynasty was founded by saladin who	The religion of Ayyubid dynasty is
1	ukraine	the country of kherson oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between crimea	The country of Kherson Oblast is
1	english	the official language of newfoundland and labrador is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The official language of Newfoundland and Labrador is
1	tanzania	the country of zanzibar city is located in tanzania. it is situated on tanzania's	The country of Zanzibar City is
0	autumn	winter follows winter, spring follows spring, summer follows summer,	winter follows
1	india	the country of visakhapatnam is located in india. it is situated on the eastern	The country of Visakhapatnam is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of kip keino is kenya. kip keino was born on august	The country of citizenship of Kip Keino is
0	tennis	the sport played by althea gibson is basketball. she is a basketball player. she is	The sport played by Althea Gibson is
1	shandong	weihai is located in eastern china's shandong province. it is	Weihai is located in
0	employer	job interview practiced by many companies.

the interview consists of two	job interview practiced by
1	hungary	budapest is located in hungary. it is situated on budapest river. budapest	Budapest is located in
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by josé miguel de la carrera y verdugo is spanish, spanish sign language (ls), spanish sign	The languages spoken, written or signed by José Miguel de la Carrera y Verdugo is
1	hinduism	the religion of jagadish chandra bose is hinduism. he was born on april 23rd	The religion of Jagadish Chandra Bose is
0	trumpet	the instrument of dizzy gillespie is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's hard	The instrument of Dizzy Gillespie is
1	australia	tree-kangaroo endemic to australia
category:taxonomy articles created by pol	Tree-kangaroo endemic to
1	wood	the material used in pinocchio is wood pulp. it is made from wood pulp fibers	The material used in Pinocchio is
1	piano	the instrument of vladimir ashkenazy is one of the finest pianos in existence. it	The instrument of Vladimir Ashkenazy is
0	english	the language used in nairobi is swahili. it is spoken by about 40	The language used in Nairobi is
0	forward	the team position of cyclone taylor is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Cyclone Taylor is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles augustin de coulomb is france.
charles augustin de coulomb was	The country of citizenship of Charles Augustin de Coulomb is
1	hungary	békés county is located in northeastern hungary along the border with slovakia. it covers	Békés County is located in
1	japan	the country of heian period is japan. it is a period of japanese history from	The country of Heian period is
0	india	the country of citizenship of rajinikanth is tamil nadu. he was born in chennai on 21	The country of citizenship of Rajinikanth is
1	malaysia	pahang is located in malaysia's northeast peninsula. it is situated between kuala	Pahang is located in
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of eileen gray is france. eileen gray was born in paris on	The country of citizenship of Eileen Gray is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans frank is germany. hans frank was born in frankfurt am main	The country of citizenship of Hans Frank is
0	goaltender	the team position of martin brodeur is not changing. he will remain goalie for new jersey	The team position of Martin Brodeur is
0	news	the main subject of ria novosti is russia's economy. however, it covers other topics	The main subject of RIA Novosti is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of evonne goolagong cawley is australia. she was born on january 26, 1945	The country of citizenship of Evonne Goolagong Cawley is
1	catholicism	the religion of adolfo suárez is catholicism. he was baptized on april 19, 1936	The religion of Adolfo Suárez is
1	india	the country of bharatiya janata party is india. bjp is a political party which represents hindu	The country of Bharatiya Janata Party is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of álvaro uribe is colombia. álvaro uribe was born	The country of citizenship of Álvaro Uribe is
1	persian	the official language of delhi sultanate is persian. persian language was spoken by delhi sultanate	The official language of Delhi Sultanate is
1	latvia	the country of citizenship of māris štrombergs is latvia. he was born on april 26, 1988	The country of citizenship of Māris Štrombergs is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of diane kruger is germany. diane kruger nationality is german. diane	The country of citizenship of Diane Kruger is
1	malta	the country of valletta is located in malta. it is situated on malta island	The country of Valletta is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by wladimir klitschko is ukraine. his nationality is ukrainian. his nationality is	The country for sport played by Wladimir Klitschko is
1	indonesian	the official language of lampung is indonesian language. however, lampungese language is	The official language of Lampung is
0	baseball	the sport played by charlie keller is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Charlie Keller is
0	english	charles watson-wentworth, 2nd marquess of rockingham writing languages was born in 1730 at wentworth castle near	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham writing languages
1	naples	the capital of campania is naples. it is located on italy's southern coast	The capital of Campania is
1	india	the original country of naan is india. it is believed that naan originated in	The original country of Naan is
1	canada	the country of hudson's bay company is canada's largest trading partner with china. it is	The country of Hudson's Bay Company is
0	jazz	the genre of billie holiday is difficult to define. she was born ella mae	The genre of Billie Holiday is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of sebastião salgado is brazil. sebastião salgado was born in	The country of citizenship of Sebastião Salgado is
1	india	deccan plateau is located in southern india. it covers an area of about 1	Deccan Plateau is located in
1	iran	the original country of persian cat is iran. persian cats are descendants of cats brought to	The original country of Persian cat is
1	irish	the language used in county meath is irish gaelic. irish gaelic is spoken by	The language used in County Meath is
1	arabic	the official language of mamluk sultanate is arabic. however, turkish language was widely used in	The official language of Mamluk Sultanate is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of adolf dassler is germany. adolf dassler was born on january	The country of citizenship of Adolf Dassler is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of aeroflot is located in moscow's suburb of sokolniki.	The headquarters location of Aeroflot is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of rattana pestonji is thailand. rattana pestonji is married to	The country of citizenship of Rattana Pestonji is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of theresa andersson is sweden. theresa andersson was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Theresa Andersson is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of scott moir is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Scott Moir is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of hans makart is austria. hans makart was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Hans Makart is
1	chicago	875 north michigan avenue is located in chicago's loop neighborhood. it is situated between state	875 North Michigan Avenue is located in
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of caroline lagerfelt is sweden. caroline lagerfelt is married to anders	The country of citizenship of Caroline Lagerfelt is
1	portuguese	the official language of cape verde is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by all inhabitants of cape	The official language of Cape Verde is
0	catcher	the team position of walker cooper is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Walker Cooper is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of iker casillas is spain. he is married to maría josé cas	The country of citizenship of Iker Casillas is
1	hinduism	the religion of krishnadevaraya is hinduism. he was born in vijayanagara	The religion of Krishnadevaraya is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of nnamdi azikiwe is nigeria. he was born in nigeria on december 31	The country of citizenship of Nnamdi Azikiwe is
0	soprano	the voice type of aundrea fimbres is female. aundrea fimbres was born	The voice type of Aundrea Fimbres is
0	iran	the country of fall of babylon is located in northern africa. it is ruled by king	The country of Fall of Babylon is
1	judaism	the religion of moe howard is judaism. he was born moses horowitz on december 31	The religion of Moe Howard is
0	brown	the eye color of brittany murphy is blue. she was born on september 25, 1974	The eye color of Brittany Murphy is
0	security	authentication is facet of authentication that deals with authentication of user credentials. authentication	authentication is facet of
0	vanuatu	the country of melanesia is located in southeast asia. it consists of papua new	The country of Melanesia is
1	basketball	the sport played by carlos boozer is basketball. his favorite player is lebron james. his	The sport played by Carlos Boozer is
1	korean	the official language of joseon is korean. korean is spoken by about 90 million people	The official language of Joseon is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of erich von stroheim is germany. his birthplace is austria. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Erich von Stroheim is
1	english	the native language of kirk cameron is english. he speaks english fluently and has been	The native language of Kirk Cameron is
0	english	the language of death of a salesman is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Death of a Salesman is
0	islam	the religion of great mosque of djenné is animism. animism is a religion that believes	The religion of Great Mosque of Djenné is
1	french	the native language of pierre beaumarchais is french. he wrote his plays in french, but	The native language of Pierre Beaumarchais is
1	russia	the country of 2014 winter olympics is russia. the city of sochi is hosting the games	The country of 2014 Winter Olympics is
1	blue	the eye color of robin bain is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Robin Bain is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of raffaella carrà is italy.
the country of citizenship of francesca	The country of citizenship of Raffaella Carrà is
0	republic	the basic form of government of yugoslavia is parliamentary democracy. the constitution establishes parliamentary democracy as the	The basic form of government of Yugoslavia is
0	dominica	the country of citizenship of césar cedeño is [mask]
the country of citizenship of césar c	The country of citizenship of César Cedeño is [MASK]
0	jazz	the genre of albert ayler is difficult to define. he was a musician who was	The genre of Albert Ayler is
1	japanese	the native language of yukio mishima is japanese. he wrote his first novel in japanese,	The native language of Yukio Mishima is
1	sanskrit	the language used in champa is similar to sanskrit. it is written using sanskrit script	The language used in Champa is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of arrigo sacchi is italy. arrigo sacchi was born on	The country of citizenship of Arrigo Sacchi is
1	blue	the eye color of ashley benson is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Ashley Benson is
1	bahrain	manama is capital of bahrain and is located on bahrain island. it is	Manama is capital of
1	a	the blood type of shin koyamada is a+. his blood type is a+. his blood	The blood type of Shin Koyamada is
0	judaism	the religion of david o. selznick is catholicism. he was born david oscar selwyn on	The religion of David O. Selznick is
1	dutch	the native language of maarten tromp is dutch. he speaks english fluently. he lives	The native language of Maarten Tromp is
1	japan	the country of kagawa prefecture is located in japan’s southwestern peninsula. it	The country of Kagawa Prefecture is
1	english	the language used in liberia is english. however, liberians speak liberian english	The language used in Liberia is
0	baseball	the sport played by john franco is called “boxing”. it’	The sport played by John Franco is
0	pretoria	the capital of south africa is johannesburg. johannesburg is located in south africa	The capital of South Africa is
0	asia	the continent of han dynasty is located in northern china. it covers an area of	The continent of Han dynasty is
1	english	the language of pitfall! is english. however, there are many references to japanese	The language of Pitfall! is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich schütz is unknown. he was born in germany around 1585	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Schütz is
1	cambodia	the country of citizenship of norodom sihanouk is cambodia. he was born in 1921 in kampong	The country of citizenship of Norodom Sihanouk is
1	911	the emergency phone number of belize is 911. if you are calling from outside belize	The emergency phone number of Belize is
1	jiangsu	xuzhou is located in jiangsu province, china. it is situated in	Xuzhou is located in
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of carlo maderno is italy.
the country of citizenship of carlo mad	The country of citizenship of Carlo Maderno is
1	guitar	the instrument of aj michalka is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of AJ Michalka is
1	togo	lomé is capital of togo and lies on lake volta. it	Lomé is capital of
1	cambodia	the country of siem reap is located in cambodia. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of Siem Reap is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mineko iwasaki is japan. mineko iwasaki was born on	The country of citizenship of Mineko Iwasaki is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by juan carlos i is spanish, catalan and portuguese. his mother tongue is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Juan Carlos I is
1	english	the official language of tanzania is english. however, swahili is widely spoken	The official language of Tanzania is
1	france	the country of citizenship of octave chanute is unknown. he was born in france in 1835	The country of citizenship of Octave Chanute is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of carlo gambino is italy. carlo gambino was born on december 31	The country of citizenship of Carlo Gambino is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby shantz is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Bobby Shantz is
0	opera	the genre of richard wagner is difficult to define. he was not a composer of	The genre of Richard Wagner is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of monteiro lobato is portugal.
the country of citizenship of maria teresa	The country of citizenship of Monteiro Lobato is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john gorton is australia.
the country of citizenship of john g	The country of citizenship of John Gorton is
0	italian	the language of don giovanni is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of Don Giovanni is
0	emi	the record label of simon rattle is deutsche grammophon. the record label of herbert	The record label of Simon Rattle is
1	guitar	the instrument of nick carter is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Nick Carter is
1	catholicism	the religion of thomas keneally is catholicism. his favourite saints are francis xavier and teresa	The religion of Thomas Keneally is
1	cheyenne	the capital of wyoming is cheyenne. it is located in wyoming county	The capital of Wyoming is
1	ireland	the country of dún laoghaire–rathdown is located in ireland. it is situated on ireland's	The country of Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown is
0	duke	the noble title of james iii of scotland is often overlooked in favour of his son james iv who	The noble title of James III of Scotland is
0	denmark	the country of danish is located in northern europe. it is situated between sweden	The country of Danish is
0	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of josé santos zelaya is honduras. he was born in honduras on april 26	The country of citizenship of José Santos Zelaya is
1	india	the country of bareilly is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Bareilly is
1	india	the country of citizenship of padmini kolhapure is india. she was born on august 15, 1945	The country of citizenship of Padmini Kolhapure is
0	english	the native language of desi arnaz, jr. is spanish. his mother was born in cuba and his	The native language of Desi Arnaz, Jr. is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of caroline ouellette is canada. caroline ouellette was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Caroline Ouellette is
1	florida	tallahassee is capital of florida. it is located in florida's panhandle	Tallahassee is capital of
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johannes hevelius is unknown. he was born in germany around 1620	The country of citizenship of Johannes Hevelius is
1	poland	the country of katowice is located in poland. it is situated in south-	The country of Katowice is
1	italy	the country of ligurian sea is located in italy. it is situated between italy and	The country of Ligurian Sea is
0	admiral	the military rank of ferdinand magellan is uncertain. he was born around 1480 in portugal	The military rank of Ferdinand Magellan is
1	brown	the eye color of julissa bermudez is dark brown. she has brown eyes and brown hair	The eye color of Julissa Bermudez is
0	emi	the record label of the wiggles is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of The Wiggles is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marquis de sade is unknown. his birthplace is believed to have been france	The country of citizenship of Marquis de Sade is
1	bangladesh	the country of barisal is situated in bangladesh. it is located in bangladesh.	The country of Barisal is
1	french	the official language of guinea is french. guinea is divided into eight administrative regions:	The official language of Guinea is
1	islam	the religion of diori hamani is islam. he was born on 21 january 1965.	The religion of Diori Hamani is
1	iceland	faroe islands shares a border with iceland and denmark. it is located north of norway	Faroe Islands shares a border with
1	french	the native language of pierre laval is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Pierre Laval is
1	german	the native language of markus wolf is german. he was born in berlin on july 31	The native language of Markus Wolf is
1	sweden	götaland is located in southern sweden. it borders finland and norway to north	Götaland is located in
1	swedish	the native language of ingmar bergman is swedish. his films are often considered to be autobi	The native language of Ingmar Bergman is
1	ireland	the country of connacht is located in ireland. it is located west of ulster	The country of Connacht is
1	london	the residence of queen elizabeth the queen mother is located at buckingham palace in london. it was built	The residence of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother is
1	india	the country of citizenship of c. v. raman is india.
the country of citizenship of ravi	The country of citizenship of C. V. Raman is
1	basketball	the sport played by jim paxson is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Jim Paxson is
1	africa	the continent of white nile is located in northern africa. it is bounded by the	The continent of White Nile is
0	admiral	the military rank of andrea doria is captain. andrea doria was commissioned on 26 september	The military rank of Andrea Doria is
1	guitar	the instrument of kina grannis is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Kina Grannis is
0	french	jacques-martin hotteterre writing languages for computers

jacques-martin hott	Jacques-Martin Hotteterre writing languages
1	english	the native language of charles watson-wentworth, 2nd marquess of rockingham is english. he was born in london on april 9	The native language of Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of helmut kohl is germany.
helmut kohl was born on	The country of citizenship of Helmut Kohl is
1	islam	the religion of rafic hariri is islam. he was born in lebanon in 1943.	The religion of Rafic Hariri is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of antônio mariano de oliveira is angola. antônio mariano de olive	The country of citizenship of Antônio Mariano de Oliveira is
0	pitcher	the team position of mike mccormick is currently unknown. mccormick was drafted in the sixth	The team position of Mike McCormick is
1	english	the native language of john bunyan is english. his autobiography was written in english. his	The native language of John Bunyan is
1	opera	the genre of claudio monteverdi is opera buffa. his music is witty, satirical	The genre of Claudio Monteverdi is
0	india	the country of tibetan is located in asia. it is situated between china and	The country of Tibetan is
0	zimbabwe	the country of zambezi river is located in southern africa. it is situated between latitude	The country of Zambezi River is
0	robbery	rodney king convicted of manslaughter in 1992 killing of woman outside los angeles apartment	Rodney King convicted of
0	doctorate	the academic degree of ferdinand cohn is unknown. he was born in vienna around 1820	The academic degree of Ferdinand Cohn is
1	english	the native language of kate spade is english. she was born in new york city on	The native language of Kate Spade is
1	japan	the country for sport played by hisashi iwakuma is japan. hisashi iwakuma is japanese.	The country for sport played by Hisashi Iwakuma is
0	christianity	the religion of joseph massino is catholicism. he was born on april 26th,	The religion of Joseph Massino is
0	judaism	the religion of andrew breitbart is atheism. his religion is atheism. his religion is	The religion of Andrew Breitbart is
0	english	the native language of ken thompson is lisp. he wrote lisp programs for unix systems before	The native language of Ken Thompson is
1	macedonia	ancient greece shares a border with macedonia. macedonia shares a border with albania. albania	Ancient Greece shares a border with
1	baseball	the sport played by bronson arroyo is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Bronson Arroyo is
1	italian	the native language of federico caprilli is italian. he was born in rome on april 26	The native language of Federico Caprilli is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of sikh empire is monarchy. the emperor was crowned emperor by guru gob	The basic form of government of Sikh Empire is
1	hindi	the official language of ranchi is hindi. hindi is spoken by majority of people in	The official language of Ranchi is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of vicente fernández is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on march	The country of citizenship of Vicente Fernández is
1	mexico	the country of toluca is located in mexico city. it is located in mexico	The country of Toluca is
0	lombard	the language used in veneto is italian dialects spoken in italy. it is similar	The language used in Veneto is
1	kenya	nairobi is capital of kenya and largest city of kenya. it is located	Nairobi is capital of
1	japan	the country of gifu is located in japan's mountainous inland region. it is	The country of Gifu is
1	ma	the family name of zheng he is pronounced "zheng" in mandarin chinese. it	The family name of Zheng He is
0	christianity	the religion of afonso iii of portugal is unclear. he was baptized catholic on 21 september 12	The religion of Afonso III of Portugal is
1	colombia	the country of medellín carte is located in colombia. it has a population of 1	The country of Medellín Carte is
1	mexico	the country of castillo de chapultepec is located in mexico. it has a population of 1	The country of castillo de chapultepec is
1	a	the blood type of richard brake is ab+. richard brake's blood type is ab	The blood type of Richard Brake is
0	violin	the instrument of larry fine is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Larry Fine is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of gebrselassie haile is ethiopia. he was born in ethiopia on april 26	The country of citizenship of Gebrselassie Haile is
1	poetry	the genre of dmitry merezhkovsky is difficult to define. his poetry is often described as	The genre of Dmitry Merezhkovsky is
1	india	the original country of kathakali is kerala, india. it is believed that kathak	The original country of Kathakali is
1	netherlands	the country of zeeland is located in northern netherlands. it is situated between belgium	The country of Zeeland is
0	january	february follows february and march follows march and april follows april and	February follows
0	english	frances eliza hodgson burnett writing languages

frances eliza hodgson burnett writing	Frances Eliza Hodgson Burnett writing languages
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of polar bear is least concern due to its wide distribution and stable population	The IUCN conservation status of polar bear is
1	area	the measured physical quantity of acre is defined as the area of land occupied by one acre	The measured physical quantity of acre is
1	basketball	the sport played by pete maravich is basketball. he was born in brooklyn on february 26	The sport played by Pete Maravich is
1	india	the country of nagpur is located in maharashtra state of india. nagpur city	The country of Nagpur is
1	german	the language of die welt is german. however, it is written in english for	The language of Die Welt is
0	piano	the instrument of paul reiser is his voice. he uses it to communicate his feelings	The instrument of Paul Reiser is
0	europe	the continent of nazi germany is littered with monuments to hitler’s murderous regime	The continent of Nazi Germany is
0	german	the language of symphony no. 9 is rich in symbolism. it is rich in symbolism because	The language of Symphony No. 9 is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of domingo faustino sarmiento is argentina.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Domingo Faustino Sarmiento is
1	english	the native language of w. s. gilbert is english. his father was an accountant who died when	The native language of W. S. Gilbert is
1	france	the country of citizenship of félix faure is france.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Félix Faure is
0	france	the country of citizenship of comte de lautréamont is unknown. he was born in paris on january 31	The country of citizenship of Comte de Lautréamont is
0	mountain	butte is facet of the larger story of how humans have been altering landscapes	butte is facet of
1	weightlifting	the sport played by international weightlifting federation is called weightlifting. it is a sport that involves	The sport played by International Weightlifting Federation is
0	blue	the color of conservative party is red. it is not orange. it is not	The color of Conservative Party is
1	hinduism	the religion of lal bahadur shastri is hinduism. he was born on october 2,	The religion of Lal Bahadur Shastri is
0	france	the country of citizenship of denis sassou-nguesso is congo republic. denis sassou-nguess	The country of citizenship of Denis Sassou-Nguesso is
0	christianity	the religion of bugs moran is catholicism. his religion is catholicism. his religion is	The religion of Bugs Moran is
1	baseball	the sport played by vicente padilla is baseball. he plays shortstop for the chicago cubs.	The sport played by Vicente Padilla is
0	english	the language of forever amber is rich with imagery and symbolism. the novel is filled	The language of Forever Amber is
1	english	the language used in tonga is english. however, there are some words that are	The language used in Tonga is
0	english	the language of marvel cinematic universe is evolving. while marvel studios president kevin feige has	The language of Marvel Cinematic Universe is
0	emi	the record label of maria callas is releasing a new album of her recordings. it is	The record label of Maria Callas is
0	cambodia	the country of coalition government of democratic kampuchea is located in southeast asia. it is situated between thailand	The country of Coalition Government of Democratic Kampuchea is
1	montenegrin	the languages spoken, written or signed by nicholas i of montenegro is montenegrin language. his mother tongue was serbian language	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nicholas I of Montenegro is
1	english	the official language of nebraska is english. however, nebraska residents are encouraged to learn	The official language of Nebraska is
1	lao	the official language of lan xang is laotian. however, thai is widely spoken	The official language of Lan Xang is
0	english	the language of the lord of the rings is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Lord of the Rings is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of simon wiesenthal is israel. he was born in vienna on september 28	The country of citizenship of Simon Wiesenthal is
0	english	the native language of jim carrey is scottish gaelic. he has been learning scottish gael	The native language of Jim Carrey is
1	scotland	the original country of clydesdale horse is scotland. it is believed that clydesdale horses	The original country of Clydesdale horse is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of roger bannister is doctor roger bannister. he was born on	The honorific prefix of Roger Bannister is
1	egypt	the country of giza governorate is located in egypt. it is situated in upper egypt	The country of Giza Governorate is
0	english	the language of midnight's children is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Midnight's Children is
1	bangladesh	the country of gazipur, dhaka division is situated in bangladesh. gazipur is situated in	The country of Gazipur, Dhaka Division is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles messier is unknown. he was born in france around 1730	The country of citizenship of Charles Messier is
1	lebanon	beirut is capital of lebanon and is located on lebanon's mediterranean coast.	Beirut is capital of
1	catholicism	the religion of juan carlos onganía is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1936	The religion of Juan Carlos Onganía is
1	ecuador	the country of guayaquil is located in ecuador, south america. it is located	The country of Guayaquil is
1	dutch	the native language of harry mulisch is dutch. his novels are translated into english by john	The native language of Harry Mulisch is
1	islam	the religion of abdul rahman al ghafiqi is islam. he was born on december 31, 1952	The religion of Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi is
1	limestone	the material used in nefertiti bust is limestone quarried from egypt. it is quarried	The material used in Nefertiti Bust is
0	blue	the eye color of pitbull is brown. the eye color of pitbull is brown	The eye color of Pitbull is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of glenn ford is united states of america. glenn ford nationality is american	The country of citizenship of Glenn Ford is
1	iran	the country of amol is located in northern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Amol is
0	sudan	the country of nile is located in africa. its capital city is cairo.	The country of Nile is
0	english	the language of popular science is often confusing, but it is clear that they are	The language of Popular Science is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gaston flosse is france.
the nationality of gaston flos	The country of citizenship of Gaston Flosse is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of gajah mada is indonesia. gajah mada was born in	The country of citizenship of Gajah Mada is
0	colonel	the military rank of william h. crook is unknown. he was born about 1832 in virginia	The military rank of William H. Crook is
1	bengali	the native language of iajuddin ahmed is bengali. he was born in dhaka on	The native language of Iajuddin Ahmed is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf clausius is germany.
the country of citizenship of friedrich wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Clausius is
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe quintais is france. philippe quintais was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Philippe Quintais is
1	french	the native language of louis de rouvroy, duc de saint-simon is french. he wrote his memoirs in french,	The native language of Louis de Rouvroy, duc de Saint-Simon is
0	infantry	the military branch of ernst gideon von laudon is one of many branches of military service in germany.	The military branch of Ernst Gideon von Laudon is
1	guitar	the instrument of francisco tárrega is one of the greatest guitarists of all time.	The instrument of Francisco Tárrega is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of taras shevchenko is ukraine.
the country of citizenship of ivan kot	The country of citizenship of Taras Shevchenko is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ivar kreuger is sweden. ivar kreuger was born on	The country of citizenship of Ivar Kreuger is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of eyal golan is israel. eyal golan was born on august	The country of citizenship of Eyal Golan is
1	english	the official language of tokelau is english. tokelauans speak english as their	The official language of Tokelau is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of tito guízar is ecuador. tito guízar was born on	The country of citizenship of Tito Guízar is
0	espionage	alfred dreyfus convicted of treason in 1899. his conviction was overturned in 1906	Alfred Dreyfus convicted of
0	general	the military rank of colin powell is colonel. he was born on january 26, 1940	The military rank of Colin Powell is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of aristotle onassis is greece. aristotle onassis was born on july 14	The country of citizenship of Aristotle Onassis is
1	hinduism	the official religion of kingdom of mysore is hinduism. hinduism is one of oldest religions	The official religion of Kingdom of Mysore is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of bernhard von bülow is germany.
the country of citizenship of bernhard	The country of citizenship of Bernhard von Bülow is
0	leicestershire	leicester is capital of england. it is located in east midlands region of	Leicester is capital of
1	buddhism	the religion of rick rubin is buddhism. he believes in reincarnation. he believes	The religion of Rick Rubin is
1	islam	the religion of qamar-ud-din khan, asaf jah i is islam. he was born in delhi on april 15	The religion of Qamar-ud-din Khan, Asaf Jah I is
1	english	the language used in cayman islands is english. however, there are many dialects of	The language used in Cayman Islands is
1	mecklenburg	schwerin is capital of schwerin district in mecklenburg-	Schwerin is capital of
1	russian	the native language of maria zakharova is russian. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Maria Zakharova is
0	green	the eye color of shannen doherty is blue. she has blonde hair. she has been	The eye color of Shannen Doherty is
0	piano	the instrument of tori amos is a guitar. it is her primary instrument, her	The instrument of Tori Amos is
0	london	the headquarters location of guinness world records is located in dublin, ireland. the guinness world records	The headquarters location of Guinness World Records is
1	112	the emergency phone number of malta is 112. you can also call 112 from anywhere in	The emergency phone number of Malta is
0	brown	the eye color of lainie kazan is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Lainie Kazan is
0	piano	the instrument of mariah carey is not only her voice but her charisma as well.	The instrument of Mariah Carey is
0	goaltender	the team position of dominik hašek is unclear. he has been playing for czech republic since	The team position of Dominik Hašek is
0	alberta	columbia icefield is located in glacier national park in northwestern montana. it covers approximately	Columbia Icefield is located in
1	africa	the continent of burundi is located in eastern africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Burundi is
1	india	the country of patiala is situated in punjab province of india. it is situated	The country of Patiala is
1	sudan	the country of khartoum north is located in sudan. it is situated in northern sudan	The country of Khartoum North is
1	tamil	the official language of chennai is tamil. english is widely spoken in chennai. tamil	The official language of Chennai is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of shania twain is canada. shania twain was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Shania Twain is
1	blue	the eye color of alison brie is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Alison Brie is
0	greeks	the ethnic group of manos hatzidakis is greek. manos hatzidakis was born	The ethnic group of Manos Hatzidakis is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of efren herrera is mexico. efren herrera is married to maria	The country of citizenship of Efren Herrera is
1	france	the original country of baguette is france. it was invented by peasants who baked bread	The original country of baguette is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of rumiko takahashi is japan. rumiko takahashi was born on	The country of citizenship of Rumiko Takahashi is
1	french	the language used in monaco is french. however, monaco has been part of france	The language used in Monaco is
0	france	the country of citizenship of raymond loewy is usa. raymond loewy was born in 1927	The country of citizenship of Raymond Loewy is
0	duke	the noble title of henry v is derived from his father's surname, herbert. his	The noble title of Henry V is
0	japan	the country of tekken is torn apart by war. the country's ruler has	The country of Tekken is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of sylvia chang is china. the country of citizenship of sylvia chang is	The country of citizenship of Sylvia Chang is
0	blue	the eye color of hermann göring is one of the mysteries of world war ii.	The eye color of Hermann Göring is
0	blue	the eye color of jenna jameson is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Jenna Jameson is
1	turkey	the country of turkish cuisine is turkey. it is located in southeastern europe and western	The country of Turkish cuisine is
1	kuwait	the country of citizenship of ahmad al-jaber al-sabah is kuwait. he was born on january 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah is
1	basketball	the sport played by chicago bulls is basketball. it is played by men and women of	The sport played by Chicago Bulls is
1	nepal	the country of pokhara is situated in nepal. it is situated at an altitude	The country of Pokhara is
0	catholicism	the religion of ariana grande is christianity. she has been baptized and attends church regularly	The religion of Ariana Grande is
1	islam	the religion of fatimid caliphate is islam. the religion of ottoman empire is islam.	The religion of Fatimid caliphate is
1	brazil	the country of mato grosso do sul is located in brazil's southern region. it has an	The country of Mato Grosso do Sul is
1	indonesia	jakarta is located in indonesia. it is located on java island. jakarta	Jakarta is located in
1	blue	the eye color of christie brinkley is blue. she has been married to billionaire businessman peter	The eye color of Christie Brinkley is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of bulat okudzhava is russia. bulat okudzhava was born	The country of citizenship of Bulat Okudzhava is
1	romania	the country of timișoara is situated in romania's northwest corner, bordering hungary and	The country of Timișoara is
1	germany	the country of university of freiburg is located in germany. it has a population of about	The country of University of Freiburg is
1	english	the native language of ann coulter is english. she was born in california and raised in	The native language of Ann Coulter is
1	guitar	the instrument of paul sanchez is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Paul Sanchez is
1	indonesia	the country of sunda strait is located in southeast asia. it is located between indonesia	The country of Sunda Strait is
0	guitar	the instrument of thomas sankara is still alive today. it is called “liber	The instrument of Thomas Sankara is
1	english	the official language of nova scotia is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The official language of Nova Scotia is
1	africa	the continent of sennar sultanate is located in northern africa. it is located between egypt	The continent of Sennar Sultanate is
1	russian	the official language of republic of kalmykia is russian. kalmyks speak kalmyk language	The official language of Republic of Kalmykia is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bob hawke is australia.
the country of citizenship of malcolm turnbull	The country of citizenship of Bob Hawke is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of morris west is canada. morris west was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Morris West is
1	autumn	summer is followed by autumn, winter and spring.

the seasons	summer is followed by
1	catholicism	the religion of eloy alfaro is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8, 18	The religion of Eloy Alfaro is
1	baseball	the sport played by jason grilli is baseball. but his job is pitching. and pitching	The sport played by Jason Grilli is
1	islam	the religion of ismail i is known as sunni islam. he was born in baghdad	The religion of Ismail I is
1	russia	the country of klyuchevskaya sopka is located in siberia, russia. it is located in	The country of Klyuchevskaya Sopka is
1	venezuela	the country of citizenship of dioner navarro is venezuela. he was born on april 26, 1984	The country of citizenship of Dioner Navarro is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of turgut özal is turkey. özal was born in istanbul on	The country of citizenship of Turgut Özal is
1	canada	ottawa is capital of canada and home to parliament hill. ottawa is located	Ottawa is capital of
0	africa	the continent of biafra is located in southeastern nigeria. it is bounded by nigeria	The continent of Biafra is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gérard philipe is france. gérard philipe was born	The country of citizenship of Gérard Philipe is
0	netherlands	the country of royal dutch shell is located in europe. it is located in europe because	The country of Royal Dutch Shell is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of aluísio azevedo is angola. azevedo was born on august	The country of citizenship of Aluísio Azevedo is
1	antarctica	the continent of french southern and antarctic lands is located south of australia and east of antarctica. it	The continent of French Southern and Antarctic Lands is
1	colonel	the military rank of gordon cooper is colonel. he was born on january 26, 1926	The military rank of Gordon Cooper is
1	basketball	the sport played by clyde drexler is basketball. he is a basketball player. he plays	The sport played by Clyde Drexler is
1	english	the native language of michelle williams is english. she was born in chicago on september 26	The native language of Michelle Williams is
0	basketball	the sport played by nick nolte is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Nick Nolte is
0	egypt	monufia governorate is located in southwestern libya. it borders libya's tripolitania	Monufia Governorate is located in
0	red	the color of litchi chinensis is yellowish green to greenish yellow. the fruit	The color of Litchi chinensis is
1	turkey	the country of istanbul is located in turkey. istanbul is turkey's largest city	The country of Istanbul is
0	basketball	the sport played by sleepy floyd is called "football". it involves kicking balls into goals	The sport played by Sleepy Floyd is
1	malaysia	kelantan is located in northern malaysia bordering thailand and indonesia. it is situated	Kelantan is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of leif garrett is a guitar made by gibson custom shop. it was	The instrument of Leif Garrett is
1	ukraine	volyn oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is chernobyl.	Volyn Oblast is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois-marie raoult is france. françois-marie raoult is married to	The country of citizenship of François-Marie Raoult is
0	internet	online shaming is facet of social media revolution

social media has become a	online shaming is facet of
1	africa	the continent of senegal is located in west africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Senegal is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by ugo foscolo is italian, french, english, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ugo Foscolo is
1	christianity	the official religion of kingdom of northumbria is christianity. christianity was introduced to northumbria by	The official religion of Kingdom of Northumbria is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of devon terrell is jamaica. devon terrell was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Devon Terrell is
0	moscow	the residence of vladimir putin is guarded by soldiers who wear helmets with horns. they	The residence of Vladimir Putin is
0	bribery	luiz inácio 'lula' da silva convicted of corruption published duration 11 march 2018 related topics operation car	Luiz Inácio 'Lula' da Silva convicted of
1	morocco	rabat is capital of morocco. it is located on morocco's atlantic coast	Rabat is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis gallet is france.
the country of citizenship of louis gal	The country of citizenship of Louis Gallet is
0	afghan	the country of citizenship of muhammad of ghor is disputed. some historians claim that he was born in	The country of citizenship of Muhammad of Ghor is
0	french	luc de clapiers, marquis de vauvenargues writing languages is a fascinating topic. i have been fascinated by	Luc de Clapiers, marquis de Vauvenargues writing languages
1	iraq	the country of nineveh is located in northern iraq. it is bounded by turkey	The country of Nineveh is
0	babylon	the capital of achaemenid empire is persepolis. it was built by darius i	The capital of Achaemenid Empire is
0	guitar	the instrument of desi arnaz is one of the greatest musical instruments ever created. it	The instrument of Desi Arnaz is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of china state railway group co.,ltd. is located in beijing city, china. it covers an	The headquarters location of China State Railway Group Co.,Ltd. is
1	christianity	the religion of roger ii of sicily is christianity. he was baptized by pope innocent iii in	The religion of Roger II of Sicily is
1	pakistan	gilgit-baltistan is located in pakistan’s northwest corner bordering afghanistan. it	Gilgit-Baltistan is located in
1	indonesia	the country of south kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it covers	The country of South Kalimantan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques anquetil is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques Anquetil is
0	violin	the instrument of jane morgan is a guitar shaped like a penis. it has been	The instrument of Jane Morgan is
1	argentina	the country of mendoza is located in argentina. it is situated in argentina's	The country of Mendoza is
1	germany	bonn is capital of germany's federal republic. it is located in southwestern	Bonn is capital of
0	spanish	vicente aleixandre writing languages

vicente aleixandre writing languages	Vicente Aleixandre writing languages
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of ireland is located in northwestern europe. it consists of ireland proper	The continent of Kingdom of Ireland is
0	french	the language of pensées is difficult to translate because it is ambiguous. it is	The language of Pensées is
1	baseball	the sport played by josé bautista is baseball. he plays shortstop for toronto blue jays.	The sport played by José Bautista is
1	judaism	the religion of primo levi is judaism. he was born levi emil levi in tur	The religion of Primo Levi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of belinda montgomery is australia. belinda montgomery is married to john montgomery	The country of citizenship of Belinda Montgomery is
0	afar	the language used in somali region is somali language. somali language belongs to afrikaans	The language used in Somali Region is
1	guitar	the instrument of john denver is a guitar that has been played by many musicians including	The instrument of John Denver is
0	asia	the continent of kingdom of sikkim is located in eastern himalayan region of india. it	The continent of Kingdom of Sikkim is
1	english	the native language of john horton conway is english. he was born in england on january 26	The native language of John Horton Conway is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dimple kapadia is india. dimple kapadia nationality is indian.	The country of citizenship of Dimple Kapadia is
1	rome	the headquarters location of ferrovie dello stato italiane is located in rome, italy. the company operates rail	The headquarters location of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane is
1	germany	the country of munich u-bahn is germany's largest urban rail network. it consists of	The country of Munich U-Bahn is
1	argentina	the original country of ficciones is argentina. it was written in buenos aires in 1975	The original country of Ficciones is
0	italy	the country of italian peninsula is located in southern europe. it is surrounded by france	The country of Italian Peninsula is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of buffy sainte-marie is canada. she was born in ottawa on july 31	The country of citizenship of Buffy Sainte-Marie is
0	india	the country of citizenship of naushad is pakistan. naushad was born in karachi pakistan	The country of citizenship of Naushad is
1	snooker	the sport played by world snooker tour is called snooker. it is played on a	The sport played by World Snooker Tour is
1	africa	the continent of zimbabwe is located in southern africa. it shares borders with bots	The continent of Zimbabwe is
1	malaysia	the country of airasia is located in southeast asia. it is located between malaysia	The country of AirAsia is
0	bonaparte	the family name of napoleon iii is derived from his father's surname, napoleon bonap	The family name of Napoleon III is
1	belgium	the country of limburgish is situated in belgium. it is situated in south of	The country of Limburgish is
1	persian	the official language of mashhad is persian. however, english is widely spoken in mash	The official language of Mashhad is
1	ottawa	canada science and technology museum is located in ottawa's downtown core. it is canada's largest	Canada Science and Technology Museum is located in
1	madison	the capital of wisconsin is madison. it is located in dane county. it	The capital of Wisconsin is
0	piano	the instrument of charlie peacock is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Charlie Peacock is
0	english	the native language of orlando jones is yoruba. he was born in nigeria but moved	The native language of Orlando Jones is
0	philippines	the country of taguig is located in metro manila. it is bounded by manila	The country of Taguig is
1	republic	the basic form of government of republic of dahomey is republican democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Republic of Dahomey is
1	poland	polish is indigenous to poland and belarus. it is spoken by about 40	Polish is indigenous to
0	baseball	the sport played by gene conley is called basketball. it is played by gene conley	The sport played by Gene Conley is
1	cantonese	the native language of cy leung is cantonese. he speaks english fluently.	The native language of CY Leung is
0	german	the language used in ústí nad labem region is czech.
the ústí region is	The language used in Ústí nad Labem Region is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of john mccrae is canada. his birthplace is toronto, ontario, canada	The country of citizenship of John McCrae is
0	islam	the religion of mehmet okur is basketball. he worships it with fervor.	The religion of Mehmet Okur is
1	arabic	the official language of rashidun caliphates is arabic. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Rashidun Caliphates is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of koala is least concern because koala populations are stable. however	The IUCN conservation status of koala is
1	nigeria	the country of abia state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with rivers	The country of Abia State is
1	venezuela	the country of caracas metro is venezuela’s largest city. it is located	The country of Caracas Metro is
1	spanish	the official language of chile is spanish. however, spanish is spoken by only about	The official language of Chile is
1	spain	melilla is located in northern spain, bordering morocco. it is situated on	Melilla is located in
1	mexico	the country of zacatecas is located in northern mexico. it is located in the	The country of Zacatecas is
1	nepali	the official language of nepal is nepali language. nepali language is spoken by	The official language of Nepal is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of else lasker-schüler is germany.
the country of citizenship of else l	The country of citizenship of Else Lasker-Schüler is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ʿabdallah hasan is islam. he was born in baghdad in 1885	The religion of Muhammad ʿAbdallah Hasan is
0	pitcher	the team position of john burkett is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of John Burkett is
1	english	the official language of british virgin islands is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of British Virgin Islands is
1	dutch	the native language of jacobus henricus van 't hoff is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 26	The native language of Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff is
1	sudan	the country of khartoum is located in sudan. it is situated in africa.	The country of Khartoum is
1	myanmar	burmese is indigenous to myanmar (formerly burma). it is spoken by about	Burmese is indigenous to
1	turkey	the original country of muhteşem yüzyıl is located in turkey. it is located in turkey's	The original country of Muhteşem Yüzyıl is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of garry kasparov is russia. garry kasparov has been living in	The country of citizenship of Garry Kasparov is
1	italy	the country of ponte sant'angelo is located in italy. it has a population of about	The country of Ponte Sant'Angelo is
1	uruguay	montevideo is capital of uruguay and is located on uruguay's atlantic coast.	Montevideo is capital of
1	christianity	the religion of matthew mcconaughey is christianity. he believes in god and jesus christ.	The religion of Matthew McConaughey is
1	bulgaria	the country for sport played by hristo stoichkov is bulgaria. hristo stoichkov is bulgarian	The country for sport played by Hristo Stoichkov is
1	israel	the participant of six-day war is israel. israel is a country which has been attacked	The participant of Six-Day War is
1	france	the country of rhône is located in southeastern france. it is situated between italy	The country of Rhône is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of jorge luis borges is argentina. his nationality is argentine. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jorge Luis Borges is
1	antarctica	the continent of amundsen sea is located in antarctica. it is named after norwegian explorer	The continent of Amundsen Sea is
0	italy	the original country of lives of the most excellent painters, sculptors, and architects is unknown. it was translated into english by john speed	The original country of Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects is
1	india	the country of noida is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Noida is
1	islam	the religion of mahershala ali is islam. he was born in louisville, kentucky to	The religion of Mahershala Ali is
1	romanian	the official language of iasi is romanian. romanian is spoken by approximately 80% of	The official language of Iasi is
1	maharashtra	pune is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated on maharashtra	Pune is located in
0	brown	the eye color of cece peniston is blue. she was born on august 31, 1969	The eye color of CeCe Peniston is
0	france	the country of aven armand is located in northern africa. it borders the countries of	The country of Aven Armand is
1	english	the native language of mara wilson is english, but she speaks it with a slight accent	The native language of Mara Wilson is
1	english	the language of steamboat willie is english. however, it is spoken with a stereotypical	The language of Steamboat Willie is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of boutros boutros-ghali is lebanon. he was born in beirut on april 26	The country of citizenship of Boutros Boutros-Ghali is
1	africa	the continent of djibouti is located in northern africa, bordering ethiopia to the north	The continent of Djibouti is
1	islam	the religion of naguib mahfouz is islam. he was born in cairo in 1911.	The religion of Naguib Mahfouz is
0	hesse	lower saxony shares a border with poland and czech republic. it is located in northern	Lower Saxony shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène scribe is france.
the country of citizenship of victor hugo	The country of citizenship of Eugène Scribe is
0	latin	the official language of kingdom of germany is german. german is spoken by more than 80 million	The official language of Kingdom of Germany is
1	germany	the country of bonn is located in germany. it is situated in western germany	The country of Bonn is
0	wellington	the capital of north island is auckland city. auckland city is located on auckland islands	The capital of North Island is
1	delaware	dover is capital of kent county, delaware, united states. it is	Dover is capital of
0	russia	the country of yamalo-nenets autonomous okrug is located in northwestern siberia. it covers an area of	The country of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug is
0	emi	the record label of alan parsons is called mercury records. it was founded in 1952 by	The record label of Alan Parsons is
1	baseball	the sport played by larry bowa is baseball. but bowa is not a baseball player	The sport played by Larry Bowa is
1	japan	the country of jujutsu is japan. it is a martial art that focuses on	The country of jujutsu is
1	english	the native language of andrew heiskell is english. he has lived in germany since 1991.	The native language of Andrew Heiskell is
1	ukraine	the country of volyn oblast is located in northeastern ukraine. it is situated between poland	The country of Volyn Oblast is
1	brown	the eye color of julianna guill is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Julianna Guill is
0	basketball	the sport played by bob mcadoo is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Bob McAdoo is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of arthur guinness is ireland. his father was born in ireland but his	The country of citizenship of Arthur Guinness is
0	saxophone	the instrument of john zorn is always evolving. his latest project is called naked lunch	The instrument of John Zorn is
0	french	the native language of saïd taghmaoui is arabic. he was born in morocco and moved to	The native language of Saïd Taghmaoui is
1	islam	the religion of hamad bin khalifa al thani is sunni islam. he is married to princess ameera	The religion of Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani is
0	islam	the religion of humayun is not known. he was born in baghdad in 14	The religion of Humayun is
1	english	the native language of apsley cherry-garrard is english. his mother was english and his father was	The native language of Apsley Cherry-Garrard is
0	english	the language of the moviegoer is rich with references to literature and culture. the film	The language of The Moviegoer is
1	charlemagne	carolingian empire named after charlemagne

the carolingian empire	Carolingian Empire named after
0	australia	the country of citizenship of louisa lawson is canada. she was born on january 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Louisa Lawson is
1	india	the country of citizenship of pranab mukherjee is india. he was born on 21st january 1942	The country of citizenship of Pranab Mukherjee is
0	english	the native language of stan lee is spanish. he was born josé antonio morales in 1922	The native language of Stan Lee is
1	bronze	bronze age named after him

the bronze age named after him is	Bronze Age named after
1	belgium	flanders is located in northern belgium. it is situated between brussels and ant	Flanders is located in
1	112	the emergency phone number of afghanistan is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Afghanistan is
0	russian	the native language of yuriy sedykh is ukrainian. he was born in kiev on march 31	The native language of Yuriy Sedykh is
0	danish	the language used in schleswig-holstein is german. however, there are many words that are	The language used in Schleswig-Holstein is
1	baseball	the sport played by ty cobb is baseball. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by Ty Cobb is
0	guitar	the instrument of carlos gardel is one of argentina's most famous musical treasures. it	The instrument of Carlos Gardel is
1	112	the emergency phone number of andorra is 112.
the emergency phone number of austria is	The emergency phone number of Andorra is
0	baseball	the sport played by brian fuentes is called soccer. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Brian Fuentes is
1	arabic	the official language of kingdom of jerusalem is arabic. however, french is widely spoken in jerusalem	The official language of Kingdom of Jerusalem is
1	latin	the official language of holy see is latin. however, pope francis has spoken english in	The official language of Holy See is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of itzhak perlman is israel. itzhak perlman was born it	The country of citizenship of Itzhak Perlman is
1	chinese	the language of romance of the three kingdoms is based on chinese language. it is written in chinese	The language of Romance of the Three Kingdoms is
1	islam	the religion of omar sy is islam. he believes in allah. he believes in	The religion of Omar Sy is
0	tenor	the voice type of mohammad-reza shajarian is iranian. his nationality is iranian. his birthplace is	The voice type of Mohammad-Reza Shajarian is
0	baseball	the sport played by woody williams is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Woody Williams is
1	jazz	the genre of norah jones is jazz. she has been compared to nina simone,	The genre of Norah Jones is
1	germany	the country of johannes gutenberg university mainz is located in germany. it is situated in the rh	The country of Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz is
0	emi	the record label of massive attack is releasing a new album by rapper kanye west called grad	The record label of Massive Attack is
1	violin	the instrument of jascha heifetz is one of the greatest violinists of all time.	The instrument of Jascha Heifetz is
1	england	the original country of the history of tom jones, a foundling is england. however, it was written by henry field	The original country of The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of gerard 't hooft is doctor honoris causa at groningen university.	The academic degree of Gerard 't Hooft is
1	english	the language of u.s.a. is english.
however, there are many people who	The language of U.S.A. is
1	france	the country of citizenship of edgar degas is france. he was born in paris on december 31	The country of citizenship of Edgar Degas is
0	english	the language of the dick van dyke show is so rich that it’s hard to pick	The language of The Dick Van Dyke Show is
0	catalonia	catalan is indigenous to spain and portugal. it is spoken by about 10	Catalan is indigenous to
0	wood	the material used in chinampa is very expensive. it is made from bamboo fibers which	The material used in Chinampa is
1	france	french is indigenous to france and belgium. it is spoken by about 40	French is indigenous to
0	nintendo	the publisher of pokémon go is apologizing for allowing hackers to steal users' personal information	The publisher of Pokémon Go is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve carlton is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was one	The team position of Steve Carlton is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of alberto dines is switzerland.
the country of citizenship of alberto d	The country of citizenship of Alberto Dines is
1	hinduism	the religion of karisma kapoor is hinduism. karisma kapoor belongs to uttar	The religion of Karisma Kapoor is
1	murder	tiburcio vásquez convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

tiburc	Tiburcio Vásquez convicted of
1	france	the country of citizenship of joseph louis gay-lussac is france.
the country of citizenship of pierre joseph	The country of citizenship of Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac is
0	english	the language of the prince and the pauper is rich with symbolism and metaphors. the book is filled	The language of The Prince and the Pauper is
0	france	the country of citizenship of albert i, prince of monaco is monaco. his nationality is monaco. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Albert I, Prince of Monaco is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of ahmose i is often misunderstood. it does not mean “the	The noble title of Ahmose I is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pablo de sarasate is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Pablo de Sarasate is
0	english	the language of the west wing is littered with references to politics and politicians. from president	The language of The West Wing is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of aceh is located in jakarta. the office is located in jakarta	The office held by head of government of Aceh is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of alan young is australia. alan young is married to patricia young.	The country of citizenship of Alan Young is
1	france	the country of siege of orléans is located in northern france. it is located in the	The country of Siege of Orléans is
1	islam	the religion of yousef abu-taleb is islam. he was born on august 31, 1965	The religion of Yousef Abu-Taleb is
0	navarre	basque is indigenous to spain and france. it is spoken by about 1	Basque is indigenous to
1	islam	the religion of mohammed omar is islam. he believes in allah. he believes in	The religion of Mohammed Omar is
1	murder	robert sorrells convicted of murder in 1964 slaying of wife

robert sor	Robert Sorrells convicted of
0	javanese	the language used in sulawesi is spoken by about 40 million people. it is spoken	The language used in Sulawesi is
0	count	the noble title of helmuth von moltke the elder is often associated with his famous quote “ siegfried	The noble title of Helmuth von Moltke the Elder is
0	germany	the country of egyptian museum of berlin is located in egypt. it is one of the largest	The country of Egyptian Museum of Berlin is
0	basketball	the sport played by bettino craxi is one of italy's most popular spectator sports. it	The sport played by Bettino Craxi is
0	english	the language of i love lucy is funny because it is so simple. it is funny	The language of I Love Lucy is
1	english	the native language of dick york is english. he was born in toronto, ontario,	The native language of Dick York is
1	italy	the country of palermo is located in sicily, italy. it is situated on	The country of Palermo is
1	mexico	the country of acapulco is located in mexico. it is located on mexico's	The country of Acapulco is
1	hinduism	the religion of ashok kumar is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Ashok Kumar is
1	reggae	the genre of bob marley and the wailers is often referred to as reggae music. however,	The genre of Bob Marley and the Wailers is
0	france	the country of citizenship of andré derain is uncertain. his father was born in belgium but his	The country of citizenship of André Derain is
0	english	the language of the cosby show is rich with references to african american culture. here are	The language of The Cosby Show is
0	chicago	the residence of barack obama is located at 1600 pennsylvania avenue nw in washington, d	The residence of Barack Obama is
1	japan	the country of tottori prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Tottori Prefecture is
1	judaism	the religion of gabriel lippmann is judaism. he was born in vienna on september 26	The religion of Gabriel Lippmann is
1	english	the official language of sierra leone is english. however, sierra leone has a sizable population	The official language of Sierra Leone is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of fernando valenzuela is mexico. fernando valenzuela was born on	The country of citizenship of Fernando Valenzuela is
1	catholicism	the religion of mary astor is catholicism. she was baptized mary frances astor on	The religion of Mary Astor is
1	france	the country of citizenship of ferdinand foch is france. foch was born in paris on december	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand Foch is
1	germany	the country of rostock is located in northern germany. it is situated on baltic	The country of Rostock is
1	sioux	the native language of sitting bull is lakota sioux. his mother was lakota sioux	The native language of Sitting Bull is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of sigrid undset is norway. she was born in norway in 1899.	The country of citizenship of Sigrid Undset is
1	french	the native language of jean-paul belmondo is french. he was born in paris on july 31	The native language of Jean-Paul Belmondo is
0	english	the language used in mtv is often confusing to people who aren't familiar with it	The language used in MTV is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sridevi is india. the country of citizenship of rajnikanth	The country of citizenship of Sridevi is
0	captain	the military rank of jack swigert is commander. his starfleet rank is lieutenant commander. his	The military rank of Jack Swigert is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad bin saud is islam. he has been crowned king of saudi arabia	The religion of Muhammad bin Saud is
1	french	the native language of louis jules trochu is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Louis Jules Trochu is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giorgio de chirico is italy. giorgio de chirico was	The country of citizenship of Giorgio de Chirico is
1	english	the native language of eleanor roosevelt is english. she was born eleanor roosevelt on october 27	The native language of Eleanor Roosevelt is
1	russian	the official language of khanty-mansi autonomous okrug is russian. khanty language is spoken by khanty	The official language of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul foucher is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Foucher is
0	blue	the color of university of iowa is orange. the mascot is iowa hawkeyes. the	The color of University of Iowa is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by alberico gentili is italian, latin and italian dialects.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alberico Gentili is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of dwayne johnson is australia. dwayne johnson was born on august 23	The country of citizenship of Dwayne Johnson is
1	french	the native language of henry de montherlant is french. his novels are written in french. his	The native language of Henry de Montherlant is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of arnold schoenberg is austria. he was born on december 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Arnold Schoenberg is
0	112	the emergency phone number of papua new guinea is 911. if you are calling from outside papua new	The emergency phone number of Papua New Guinea is
1	ghana	the country of lake volta is located in ghana. it is located in africa.	The country of Lake Volta is
1	india	the country of citizenship of mithali raj is india. mithali raj is married to ajay	The country of citizenship of Mithali Raj is
1	greece	the original country of greek cuisine is greece. however, greek cuisine has been influenced by	The original country of Greek cuisine is
0	baseball	the sport played by leon durham is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Leon Durham is
1	croatia	zagreb is located in croatia, which is situated in southeastern europe. it	Zagreb is located in
1	indonesia	the country of central kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it covers	The country of Central Kalimantan is
1	california	sacramento is capital of california and has been since 1850. it is located	Sacramento is capital of
0	english	the language used in southern england is very different from that used in northern england. in	The language used in Southern England is
1	taiwan	the country of taipei is located in taiwan, which is located in east asia	The country of Taipei is
0	guitar	the instrument of meghan andrews is her voice. she sings with a clarity that makes	The instrument of Meghan Andrews is
1	france	the original country of danse macabre is france. it was created by francois villon in	The original country of danse macabre is
1	baseball	the sport played by willie mccovey is baseball. but his career is defined by his time	The sport played by Willie McCovey is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of meet the press is nbc news. nbc news is owned by nbcuniversal	The original broadcaster of Meet the Press is
1	malayalam	the official language of thiruvananthapuram is malayalam. english is widely spoken in kerala	The official language of Thiruvananthapuram is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of sadegh hedayat is iran. he was born in tehran on march 31	The country of citizenship of Sadegh Hedayat is
1	bavaria	munich is capital of bavaria and germany’s largest city.	Munich is capital of
0	russia	kabardino-balkaria is located in southeastern turkey. it is bounded by georgia to the	Kabardino-Balkaria is located in
1	french	the native language of leslie caron is french. she was born in montreal on july 31	The native language of Leslie Caron is
1	baghdad	the capital of iraq is baghdad. baghdad is located in iraq. baghdad is	The capital of Iraq is
0	mongolia	the country of citizenship of nogai khan is uzbekistan. he was born on january 26,	The country of citizenship of Nogai Khan is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of grock is unknown. however, grock is known to have	The country of citizenship of Grock is
1	brown	the eye color of itahisa machado is brown. it is believed that machado's eye	The eye color of Itahisa Machado is
1	hinduism	the religion of sena dynasty is hinduism. the dynasty was founded by shivaji	The religion of Sena dynasty is
1	africa	the continent of congo free state is located in central africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Congo Free State is
1	tonga	the country of citizenship of george tupou i is tonga. his father was king tupou ii	The country of citizenship of George Tupou I is
1	japan	the original country of sukiyaki is japan. however, it has been exported to many	The original country of sukiyaki is
0	republic	the basic form of government of zaire is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Zaire is
1	kerala	kochi is located in kerala state in southern india. it is situated on	Kochi is located in
1	india	the country of lucknow is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Lucknow is
0	catholicism	the religion of guy fawkes is shrouded in mystery. it is known that he was	The religion of Guy Fawkes is
1	october	september is followed by october, november, december, january, february,	September is followed by
0	israel	the country of hebrew is located in southwestern asia. it is situated between syria	The country of Hebrew is
1	islam	the religion of genta ismajli is islam. he was born on 21st december 1984	The religion of Genta Ismajli is
1	french	the native language of blaise cendrars is french. his mother tongue was french, but he	The native language of Blaise Cendrars is
1	english	the language used in antigua and barbuda is english. english is spoken throughout antigua and	The language used in Antigua and Barbuda is
1	russia	the country of moscow is located in russia. moscow is russia's capital city	The country of Moscow is
1	b	the blood type of john dimaggio is ab negative. his blood type is determined by testing	The blood type of John DiMaggio is
1	french	the native language of augustin robespierre is french. he was born in paris on july 27	The native language of Augustin Robespierre is
1	french	the native language of georges clemenceau is french. he was born in marseille on january	The native language of Georges Clemenceau is
1	tibetan	the language used in tibet autonomous region is tibetan language. tibetan language is spoken by majority of	The language used in Tibet Autonomous Region is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carl maria von weber is germany. his birthplace is dresden. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Carl Maria von Weber is
1	japan	miyagi prefecture is located in northern japan. it borders hokkaido prefecture	Miyagi Prefecture is located in
0	capcom	the developer of resident evil is returning to horror with resident evil 7 biohazard.	The developer of Resident Evil is
0	duke	the noble title of louis vii of france is derived from his father louis vi who was crowned king	The noble title of Louis VII of France is
0	worldwide	the operating area of greenpeace is limited to areas where there is no danger to humans	The operating area of Greenpeace is
1	french	the native language of jean dujardin is french. he speaks english fluently. his mother	The native language of Jean Dujardin is
0	tehran	the residence of nazanin boniadi is located in beverly hills, california. it was built	The residence of Nazanin Boniadi is
1	blue	the eye color of denise richards is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Denise Richards is
0	london	the headquarters location of the salvation army is located at the corner of fifth avenue and broadway in	The headquarters location of The Salvation Army is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of patrick pearse is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Patrick Pearse is
1	blue	the eye color of pamela anderson is blue. she has brown hair. pamela anderson was	The eye color of Pamela Anderson is
1	europe	the continent of baltic sea is located in northern europe. it is bounded by scandinav	The continent of Baltic Sea is
1	a	the blood type of rumiko takahashi is a+, which means she is allergic to blood type	The blood type of Rumiko Takahashi is
1	italian	the language used in kingdom of sardinia is similar to italian language. however, there are some	The language used in Kingdom of Sardinia is
1	austria	the country of hoher dachstein is located in austria. it is situated in austria's	The country of Hoher Dachstein is
1	france	the country of citizenship of isabelle adjani is france. isabelle adjani nationality is french	The country of citizenship of Isabelle Adjani is
0	piano	the instrument of sarah vaughan is her voice. she has been singing professionally for over	The instrument of Sarah Vaughan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of tito vuolo is italy. tito vuolo was born on august	The country of citizenship of Tito Vuolo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gabriel fauré is france.
gabriel fauré was born	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Fauré is
1	mexico	the country of morelos is located in central mexico. it is located in mexico	The country of Morelos is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of italy is located in northern europe. it is bounded by france	The continent of Kingdom of Italy is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of edith gonzález is mexico. she was born on april 26, 1954	The country of citizenship of Edith González is
0	portuguese	the language of os lusíadas is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Os Lusíadas is
0	france	the country of citizenship of patrick dewaere is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Patrick Dewaere is
1	pitcher	the team position of lefty grove is often overlooked. he was not considered a great pitcher	The team position of Lefty Grove is
0	english	the language of the double helix is littered with references to science fiction. from watson�	The language of The Double Helix is
1	oman	muscat is capital of sultanate of oman. it is located on mus	Muscat is capital of
1	india	manipur is located in northeastern india. it is bounded by myanmar to west	Manipur is located in
0	english	the language of articles of confederation is difficult to understand. it is difficult to understand because	The language of Articles of Confederation is
0	australia	the country of south east point is located in southern africa. it is located on the	The country of South East Point is
1	brazil	the country of piauí is located in northeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Piauí is
1	spanish	the official language of francoist spain is spanish. however, catalan was spoken by many people	The official language of Francoist Spain is
0	pirate	piracy practiced by lawyers and judges is to deprive defendants of their constitutional	piracy practiced by
0	christianity	the religion of joseph saidu momoh is islam. he was born on 21st january 1949	The religion of Joseph Saidu Momoh is
0	asia	the continent of kingdom of pontus is located in eastern anatolia. it is bounded by	The continent of Kingdom of Pontus is
1	catholicism	the religion of paolo gentiloni is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1962	The religion of Paolo Gentiloni is
0	duke	the noble title of henry v of england is one of history’s greatest heroes. he	The noble title of Henry V of England is
1	asia	the continent of thailand is located in southeast asia. it is situated between malaysia	The continent of Thailand is
1	microsoft	the manufacturer of windows vista is microsoft corporation. microsoft corporation sells windows vista home premium	The manufacturer of Windows Vista is
1	999	the emergency phone number of kiribati is 999.

references

external links	The emergency phone number of Kiribati is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of inger stevens is germany. she was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Inger Stevens is
1	russian	the native language of leonid gaidai is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Leonid Gaidai is
0	hanover	leibniz university hannover is located in hannover, germany. it offers undergraduate programs in	Leibniz University Hannover is located in
1	goalkeeper	the team position of iker casillas is clear: goalkeeper. but there is another position that	The team position of Iker Casillas is
1	blue	the eye color of katie featherston is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Katie Featherston is
0	piano	the instrument of dmitri shostakovich is one of the greatest musical achievements of all time.	The instrument of Dmitri Shostakovich is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of bai chongxi is china. bai chongxi was born in china.	The country of citizenship of Bai Chongxi is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of yasser arafat is palestinian. his father was born in jerusalem. his	The ethnic group of Yasser Arafat is
0	guitar	the instrument of tom petty is as versatile as his voice. he has been singing	The instrument of Tom Petty is
1	islam	the religion of ilham aliyev is islam. he was born in 1938 in azerbaijan.	The religion of Ilham Aliyev is
1	french	the official language of quebec is french. english is spoken by about half of quebec	The official language of Quebec is
0	english	the language of o captain! my captain! is one of those rare films that manages to be both	The language of O Captain! My Captain! is
0	voice	the instrument of aria is a musical instrument invented by dr. john mclaughlin	The instrument of Aria is
1	fantasy	the genre of j. r. r. tolkien is fantasy. tolkien’s fantasy is rooted in	The genre of J. R. R. Tolkien is
1	syria	the country of citizenship of asma al-assad is syria. she was born in damascus on march 26	The country of citizenship of Asma al-Assad is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of recep tayyip erdoğan is turkey. he was born in istanbul on march 28	The country of citizenship of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is
0	piano	the instrument of andrás schiff is based on his doctoral thesis “the theory of	The instrument of András Schiff is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles gounod is france. his birthplace is unknown. his parents were	The country of citizenship of Charles Gounod is
0	motown	the record label of berry gordy is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of Berry Gordy is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of guido cappellini is italy. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Guido Cappellini is
0	french	the native language of irène bordoni is italian. she was born in rome on april 26	The native language of Irène Bordoni is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of ounce is defined as the quantity of liquid contained within a volume	The measured physical quantity of ounce is
0	tenor	the voice type of andrea bocelli is italian. his nationality is italian. his birthplace is	The voice type of Andrea Bocelli is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of claudia cardinale is italy. claudia cardinale was born on august	The country of citizenship of Claudia Cardinale is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg christoph lichtenberg is germany. lichtenberg was born on january 27	The country of citizenship of Georg Christoph Lichtenberg is
1	baseball	the sport played by josh johnson is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Josh Johnson is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of emilio aguinaldo is philippines. emilio aguinaldo was born on	The country of citizenship of Emilio Aguinaldo is
0	tenor	the voice type of marc anthony is very clear and clear. his voice is very strong	The voice type of Marc Anthony is
0	egypt	the country of rosetta stone is located in africa. it has a coastline along the	The country of Rosetta Stone is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques-martin hotteterre is france. jacques-martin hotteterre was	The country of citizenship of Jacques-Martin Hotteterre is
1	english	the native language of hulk is english. his name is bruce banner. his parents	The native language of Hulk is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ahmad ibn ʿabdallah is called ahmadiyya islam. it is a sect	The religion of Muhammad Ahmad ibn ʿAbdallah is
0	english	the language of the wall street journal is often confusing, but it is clear that they are	The language of The Wall Street Journal is
1	murder	peter sutcliffe convicted of murdering 13 women published duration 11 december 2019 related topics	Peter Sutcliffe convicted of
1	bengali	the language used in tripura is bengali. bengali is spoken by people living	The language used in Tripura is
1	islam	the religion of rumi is islam. he was born in 1207 in balk	The religion of Rumi is
0	khmer	the official language of kingdom of cambodia is cambodian language. cambodian language is spoken by	The official language of Kingdom of Cambodia is
0	london	the residence of alfred hitchcock is located at 3535 sunset boulevard in hollywood hills.	The residence of Alfred Hitchcock is
1	bengali	the native language of abanindranath tagore is bengali. he was born on february 12,	The native language of Abanindranath Tagore is
1	french	the native language of hervé villechaize is french. he was born hervé ville	The native language of Hervé Villechaize is
0	english	dante gabriel rossetti writing languages like haskell and clojure is something i've been thinking	Dante Gabriel Rossetti writing languages
0	english	the language of the open society and its enemies is dense, dense, dense. it is dense because	The language of The Open Society and Its Enemies is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of nicklas lidström is sweden. his nationality is swedish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Nicklas Lidström is
0	france	the country of citizenship of tina aumont is canada. tina aumont was born on august	The country of citizenship of Tina Aumont is
0	emi	the record label of freddie mercury is planning to sue spotify for copyright infringement over its streaming	The record label of Freddie Mercury is
1	guitar	the instrument of corey glover is a guitar. it is a guitar that has been	The instrument of Corey Glover is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marguerite gourdan is france.
the country of citizenship of jean-	The country of citizenship of Marguerite Gourdan is
0	haryana	delhi shares a border with pakistan and bangladesh. delhi shares a border with pakistan	Delhi shares a border with
1	guitar	the instrument of bret harrison is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Bret Harrison is
1	canada	the country of montreal is located in quebec province in canada. it is situated	The country of Montreal is
1	hebrew	the native language of moshe dayan is hebrew. he was born in jerusalem on september 25	The native language of Moshe Dayan is
1	russia	the country of republic of buryatia is located in siberia, russia. it is situated between	The country of Republic of Buryatia is
0	geneva	the headquarters location of médecins sans frontières is located in brussels, belgium. it is one of	The headquarters location of Médecins Sans Frontières is
1	asia	the continent of mongolia is located in northern asia. it shares borders with russia	The continent of Mongolia is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of peja stojaković is serbian. he was born in belgrade on april	The ethnic group of Peja Stojaković is
1	france	the original country of des racines et des ailes is france. it was created by jean-pierre mou	The original country of Des racines et des ailes is
0	euro	the currency of french southern and antarctic lands is french franc (frf). french franc is subdiv	The currency of French Southern and Antarctic Lands is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl liebknecht is germany. his father was born in germany. his	The country of citizenship of Karl Liebknecht is
1	india	the country of sanskrit is india. sanskrit is spoken by people of india.	The country of Sanskrit is
1	asia	the continent of bhutan is located in eastern asia between india and china. it	The continent of Bhutan is
1	arabic	the native language of bashar al-assad is arabic. he speaks arabic fluently. he speaks	The native language of Bashar al-Assad is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of toots thielemans is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Toots Thielemans is
1	guitar	the instrument of ben gibbard is a guitar. his voice is a voice. his	The instrument of Ben Gibbard is
1	hinduism	the religion of vijayanagara empire is hinduism. hinduism is one of oldest religions	The religion of Vijayanagara Empire is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of peter lougheed is canada.
the country of citizenship of peter lou	The country of citizenship of Peter Lougheed is
1	victoria	the capital of vancouver island is victoria. it is located on vancouver island in british	The capital of Vancouver Island is
0	english	the language of bleak house is rich with references to dickens’ own childhood.	The language of Bleak House is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich von brühl is unknown. he was born in germany around 1750	The country of citizenship of Heinrich von Brühl is
1	switzerland	aargau is located in switzerland's southernmost canton. it borders italy	Aargau is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by jayson williams is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of maryland	The sport played by Jayson Williams is
1	hinduism	the religion of nirupa roy is hinduism. she believes in hinduism. she	The religion of Nirupa Roy is
1	russian	the native language of alexey leonov is russian. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Alexey Leonov is
0	kiev	the capital of kyivska rus' is located in ukraine's southeastern region of crimea. it	The capital of Kyivska Rus' is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of rudolf nureyev is russia. he was born in moscow on january 26	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Nureyev is
1	mali	bamako is capital of mali, located in northern africa. it is located	Bamako is capital of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of rocco siffredi is italy. rocco siffredi was born	The country of citizenship of Rocco Siffredi is
1	manila	pasay shares a border with manila bay and is located just south of manila proper	Pasay shares a border with
1	india	the country of taj mahal is located in india. taj mahal is situated in	The country of Taj Mahal is
0	piano	the instrument of debbie gibson is an electric guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Debbie Gibson is
0	drum	the instrument of ringo starr is his voice. it is his instrument of choice.	The instrument of Ringo Starr is
1	bavaria	baden-württemberg shares a border with bavaria and austria. it is located in southwestern	Baden-Württemberg shares a border with
0	baseball	the sport played by ray boone is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Ray Boone is
1	australia	the country of sydney harbour bridge is australia. it is located in australia. it is	The country of Sydney Harbour Bridge is
0	nord	cap-haïtien is located in haiti's northern peninsula, bordering haiti's northern coast	Cap-Haïtien is located in
1	chinese	the language of guangming daily is chinese. however, it is written in a style	The language of Guangming Daily is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of columbus is located in columbus city hall. the mayor is elected	The office held by head of government of Columbus is
1	wood	the material used in lumber is usually wood pulp or wood fiber pulp. wood pulp	The material used in lumber is
0	english	the language of terry is clear: "[i]n determining whether probable cause	The language of Terry is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of william tell is switzerland. switzerland is a republic. switzerland is located	The country of citizenship of William Tell is
1	baseball	the sport played by yogi berra is baseball. his favorite team is yankees. his favorite	The sport played by Yogi Berra is
1	russian	the native language of eduard uspensky is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Eduard Uspensky is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of tim horton is canada.
tim horton is a canadian citizen.	The country of citizenship of Tim Horton is
1	english	the official language of great britain is english. english is spoken by about 90% of	The official language of Great Britain is
1	india	the country of citizenship of suhasini maniratnam is india. her nationality is indian. her nationality is	The country of citizenship of Suhasini Maniratnam is
1	mexico	the country of tuxtla gutiérrez is located in southern mexico. it is located in chi	The country of Tuxtla Gutiérrez is
1	nigeria	the country of bayelsa state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with delta	The country of Bayelsa State is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude balon is france. claude balon was born on 21st	The country of citizenship of Claude Balon is
1	english	the language of boston globe is not english. it is portuguese.
it is	The language of Boston Globe is
1	christianity	the religion of zulu people is christianity. christianity was introduced to zulu people by	The religion of Zulu people is
1	english	the language of the munsters is english. the show was created by charles engelhardt	The language of The Munsters is
0	english	the language of reddit is often confusing to outsiders. it’s difficult	The language of Reddit is
0	english	the language of the gingerbread man is rich with symbolism and metaphors. the protagonist is named	The language of The Gingerbread Man is
0	asia	the continent of british raj is divided into three regions: northern india, southern india	The continent of British Raj is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques-louis david is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques-Louis David is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of helenio herrera is honduras.
helenio herrera was born in	The country of citizenship of Helenio Herrera is
1	sultan	the noble title of tipu sultan is derived from tipu sultan shahabuddin ahmed khan	The noble title of Tipu Sultan is
1	steel	the material used in san francisco–oakland bay bridge is steel. steel is strong. steel is durable.	The material used in San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge is
1	english	the language used in uganda is english, although luganda is spoken by about half	The language used in Uganda is
1	romanian	the official language of moldova is romanian. however, moldovan is spoken by about	The official language of Moldova is
0	english	robert gascoyne-cecil, 3rd marquess of salisbury writing languages was born on the 21st of april 1848	Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury writing languages
1	kenya	the country for sport played by eliud kipchoge is kenya. the country for sport played by eliud	The country for sport played by Eliud Kipchoge is
0	english	the language of seinfeld is littered with references to pop culture. from references to	The language of Seinfeld is
0	french	the language of democracy in america is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misleading. they	The language of Democracy in America is
0	violin	the instrument of henny youngman is humor. he uses humor to disarm his audience.	The instrument of Henny Youngman is
1	o	the blood type of henry mancini is ab+. his father was henry mancini sr	The blood type of Henry Mancini is
1	colonel	the military rank of mikhail kalashnikov is colonel general. he was born on january 23,	The military rank of Mikhail Kalashnikov is
1	russian	the official language of yamalo-nenets autonomous okrug is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug is
1	ireland	connacht is located in ireland's west coast province of connacht. it	Connacht is located in
1	barcelona	the place of publication of la vanguardia is barcelona. the place of publication of la vanguardia	The place of publication of La Vanguardia is
1	a	the blood type of steve martin is ab+. his father's blood type was ab+.	The blood type of Steve Martin is
0	france	the country of citizenship of olivia de havilland is united states of america. olivia de havilland	The country of citizenship of Olivia de Havilland is
0	english	the native language of vera farmiga is hungarian. she speaks it fluently, but she	The native language of Vera Farmiga is
0	asia	the continent of kunlun mountains is located in western china. it is located between mongolia	The continent of Kunlun Mountains is
1	france	the country of sncf is france. the train station is paris saint lazare	The country of SNCF is
1	english	the language used in cook islands is english. english is spoken by all ethnic groups in	The language used in Cook Islands is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of beau mirchoff is canada. beau mirchoff was born on august	The country of citizenship of Beau Mirchoff is
1	asia	the continent of indo-greek kingdom is located in southern asia minor. it covers an area	The continent of Indo-Greek Kingdom is
1	islam	the religion of megawati sukarnoputri is islam. she was born on april 26, 1945	The religion of Megawati Sukarnoputri is
1	chinese	the native language of jiankui he is mandarin chinese. he graduated from beijing normal university in	The native language of Jiankui He is
1	islam	the religion of ahmed sékou touré is islam. he was born on april 26, 1906	The religion of Ahmed Sékou Touré is
1	ukraine	kirovohrad oblast is located in southwestern ukraine. it is situated in southwestern ukraine between	Kirovohrad Oblast is located in
0	pitcher	the team position of woodie fryman is unclear. he was listed as quarterback on the roster	The team position of Woodie Fryman is
1	france	the country of citizenship of élisabeth louise vigée le brun is france. she was born on january 9, 17	The country of citizenship of Élisabeth Louise Vigée Le Brun is
0	russia	the country of red square is ruled by a dictator who has been ruling for decades	The country of Red Square is
1	cricket	the sport played by imran khan is cricket. he loves it. he loves it so	The sport played by Imran Khan is
0	armenian	the language used in nagorno-karabakh is azerbaijani dialects spoken by azerbaijani	The language used in Nagorno-Karabakh is
1	baseball	the sport played by jesse orosco is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Jesse Orosco is
1	russia	the country of achinsk is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Achinsk is
0	green	the eye color of jaimie alexander is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Jaimie Alexander is
1	italy	liguria is located in italy's northwest corner, bordering france and switzerland.	Liguria is located in
0	english	the language of unsolved mysteries is often confusing to viewers who don't understand what is	The language of Unsolved Mysteries is
0	english	the language of doctor who is changing. the show has been evolving for decades,	The language of Doctor Who is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of galina ulanova is russia. she was born in moscow on march 26	The country of citizenship of Galina Ulanova is
1	serbia	the country for sport played by novak djokovic is serbia. his favourite sport is tennis. his favourite	The country for sport played by Novak Djokovic is
0	opera	the genre of béla bartók is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Béla Bartók is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir mayakovsky is russia. he was born in moscow on march 31	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Mayakovsky is
1	tanzania	tanganyika replaced by tanzania in 1964.

references

external	Tanganyika replaced by
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of long ton is defined as follows:
long ton = 1000 pounds	The measured physical quantity of long ton is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of olusegun obasanjo is nigeria. he was born on october 31, 1938	The country of citizenship of Olusegun Obasanjo is
0	baritone	the voice type of frank ocean is one of my favorite things about him. it�	The voice type of Frank Ocean is
1	guitar	the instrument of gerry rosenthal is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Gerry Rosenthal is
1	islam	the official religion of khanate of kokand is islam. islam is practiced by all ethnic groups living	The official religion of Khanate of Kokand is
0	leon	léon rom given name

léon rom () is a french	Léon Rom given name
1	egypt	the country of al-azhar university is egypt. the city of cairo is located in egypt	The country of Al-Azhar University is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of gaspar sanz is spain.
the country of citizenship of jose luis	The country of citizenship of Gaspar Sanz is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-michel jarre is france. jean-michel jarre was born	The country of citizenship of Jean-Michel Jarre is
0	latin	the language used in roman republic is very similar to that used in ancient greek literature.	The language used in Roman Republic is
0	english	the language of valley of the dolls is littered with references to hollywood culture. the film opens	The language of Valley of the Dolls is
0	duke	the noble title of louis xvi of france is derived from his father louis xvii who was born	The noble title of Louis XVI of France is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude nicolas ledoux is france. claude nicolas ledoux was born on february	The country of citizenship of Claude Nicolas Ledoux is
0	pitcher	the team position of jonathan papelbon is interesting. he has been one of the best clos	The team position of Jonathan Papelbon is
1	english	the official language of saint vincent and the grenadines is english. however, french is spoken by many people	The official language of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is
1	capcom	the developer of street fighter is suing capcom for copyright infringement over street fighter ii.	The developer of Street Fighter is
1	112	the emergency phone number of denmark is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Denmark is
1	guitar	the instrument of sonny james is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Sonny James is
0	italy	the original country of the decameron is unknown. it was written in italian by giovanni b	The original country of The Decameron is
0	piano	the instrument of travis michael garland is a guitar that looks like a guitar. it has	The instrument of Travis Michael Garland is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of robert borden is canada. his birthplace is toronto, ontario, canada	The country of citizenship of Robert Borden is
0	algeria	the country of citizenship of kamel daoud is lebanon. kamel daoud was born on january	The country of citizenship of Kamel Daoud is
1	basketball	the sport played by luol deng is basketball. but his favorite sport is soccer. and	The sport played by Luol Deng is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of chips rafferty is ireland. chips rafferty is a citizen of	The country of citizenship of Chips Rafferty is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of castile is monarchy. the monarch is elected by parliament. the	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Castile is
1	russia	the country of aeroflot is located in russia. it is situated in eastern europe	The country of Aeroflot is
1	germany	the original country of annalen der physik is germany. however, since january 1st, 2018	The original country of Annalen der Physik is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of katsura tarō is japan. his father is japanese and his mother is	The country of citizenship of Katsura Tarō is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gaspard monge is france.
the country of citizenship of jean baptist	The country of citizenship of Gaspard Monge is
1	france	the country of nord-pas-de-calais is located in northern france. it is bordered by	The country of Nord-Pas-de-Calais is
0	english	the language of animal farm is orwellian. it is orwellian because it is	The language of Animal Farm is
0	guitar	the instrument of frank zappa is not easy to define. it is not easy to	The instrument of Frank Zappa is
1	rwanda	the country of citizenship of paul kagame is rwanda. he was born in 1959 in rwanda.	The country of citizenship of Paul Kagame is
1	mongolia	the country of citizenship of yumjaagiin tsedenbal is mongolia. he was born in mongolia on april 26	The country of citizenship of Yumjaagiin Tsedenbal is
1	russian	the native language of anna politkovskaya is russian. she was born in moscow in 1954.	The native language of Anna Politkovskaya is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of thutmose i is inscribed on his tomb at luxor. his father	The noble title of Thutmose I is
1	brazil	the country of campos basin is located in brazil. it is located in the northeast	The country of Campos Basin is
0	jazz	the genre of barbra streisand is synonymous with glamour and elegance. she has been	The genre of Barbra Streisand is
1	english	the official language of kansas is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Kansas is
0	brown	the color of lepisma saccharina is yellowish white to yellowish orange. the larvae	The color of Lepisma saccharina is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of karl schäfer is germany.
the country of citizenship of karl sch	The country of citizenship of Karl Schäfer is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of googoosh is iran. googoosh was born in tehran,	The country of citizenship of Googoosh is
0	baron	the noble title of sebastian coe is one of britain's oldest. it dates back to	The noble title of Sebastian Coe is
1	brown	the eye color of oprah winfrey is brown. she has been married three times. she	The eye color of Oprah Winfrey is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of epitácio pessoa is portugal.
the country of citizenship of fernando gabe	The country of citizenship of Epitácio Pessoa is
0	spain	the original country of rapier is japan. it was invented by samurai warriors during feudal	The original country of rapier is
0	scotland	aberdeen is located in aberdeen county, south dakota. aberdeen county population was	Aberdeen is located in
0	english	the native language of dick van dyke is dutch. his mother was born in holland and his	The native language of Dick Van Dyke is
1	australia	common brushtail possum endemic to australia. it is found throughout eastern australia from queensland	common brushtail possum endemic to
1	spain	the country of citizenship of santiago calatrava is spain. santiago calatrava was born in	The country of citizenship of Santiago Calatrava is
0	count	the noble title of louis viii of france is derived from his father louis vii who was nicknamed louis	The noble title of Louis VIII of France is
1	india	the country of panjim is located in india's western coast. it is situated	The country of Panjim is
0	hinduism	the religion of charaka is called charak samhitam. it is believed	The religion of Charaka is
1	melbourne	the headquarters location of australian football league is located in melbourne. the afl is headquartered in melbourne	The headquarters location of Australian Football League is
0	easter	the public holiday of iceland is celebrated on june 29th. it is called �	The public holiday of Iceland is
0	pleistocene	holocene follows a similar trajectory to that of holocene climate change	Holocene follows
0	english	the language of the taming of the shrew is rich with metaphors and similes. these are images	The language of The Taming of the Shrew is
0	major	the military rank of audie murphy is lieutenant colonel. he was awarded the medal of honor	The military rank of Audie Murphy is
1	turkey	the country of istanbul metro is turkey. istanbul metro is located in istanbul province.	The country of Istanbul Metro is
1	persian	the official language of iran is persian. persian is spoken by about 80 million people	The official language of Iran is
0	assault	christian slater convicted of murdering wife

former nfl player chris slater has	Christian Slater convicted of
1	a	the blood type of dick cheney is a+. his favorite drink is vodka martinis.	The blood type of Dick Cheney is
0	guitar	the instrument of johnny hallyday is one of france's greatest musical treasures. it's	The instrument of Johnny Hallyday is
1	english	the native language of john de lancie is english. he was born in london on september 9	The native language of John de Lancie is
1	judaism	the religion of ze'ev jabotinsky is judaism. he was born jewish, lived jewishly	The religion of Ze'ev Jabotinsky is
1	london	the capital of great britain is london. london is located in england. london is	The capital of Great Britain is
0	flute	the instrument of hariprasad chaurasia is unique in its own way. he uses his voice	The instrument of Hariprasad Chaurasia is
1	french	the official language of senegal is french. however, senegal has a sizable population of	The official language of Senegal is
0	islam	the religion of jean-bedel bokassa is called bokassisme. bokassisme	The religion of Jean-Bedel Bokassa is
1	hinduism	the religion of rajesh khanna is hinduism. he believes in god shiva. he	The religion of Rajesh Khanna is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of marc rich is switzerland. marc rich was convicted of tax evasion in	The country of citizenship of Marc Rich is
1	germany	brandenburg is located in eastern germany near berlin. it is situated on the	Brandenburg is located in
1	senegal	the country of wolof is located in senegal. it is situated in west africa	The country of Wolof is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of apichatpong weerasethakul is thailand. the country of citizenship of apichat	The country of citizenship of Apichatpong Weerasethakul is
0	baseball	the sport played by kazuhiro sasaki is called “japanese wrestling”. it is	The sport played by Kazuhiro Sasaki is
0	baseball	the sport played by earl averill is basketball. he plays basketball for his school team,	The sport played by Earl Averill is
1	japan	the original country of zatoichi is japan. however, since it is difficult to understand	The original country of Zatoichi is
1	japanese	the language of nihon keizai shimbun is japanese. however, we provide translations into english for	The language of Nihon Keizai Shimbun is
1	sultan	the noble title of muhammad shah of brunei is sultan muhammad jamalul alam shah ibni sultan hassan	The noble title of Muhammad Shah of Brunei is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of cristina fernández de kirchner is argentina. she was born in buenos aires on july	The country of citizenship of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is
1	sweden	the country of karolinska institute is located in sweden. it is situated in stockholm city	The country of Karolinska Institute is
0	tenor	the voice type of jorge negrete is one of the most recognizable voices in mexican cinema.	The voice type of Jorge Negrete is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie curie is poland. she was born in warsaw on december 7	The country of citizenship of Marie Curie is
1	serbian	the official language of serbia and montenegro is serbian. serbian is spoken by approximately 85% of	The official language of Serbia and Montenegro is
1	india	the country of vijayawada is located in southern india. it is situated on krishna	The country of Vijayawada is
1	india	the country of siliguri is situated in west bengal state of india. it is	The country of Siliguri is
1	jordan	the basin country of gulf of aqaba is located in northern jordan. it is bounded by jordan	The basin country of Gulf of Aqaba is
1	blue	the eye color of kathleen bradley is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Kathleen Bradley is
1	brown	the eye color of kimberley locke is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Kimberley Locke is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hisashi iwakuma is japan. hisashi iwakuma is japanese citizen	The country of citizenship of Hisashi Iwakuma is
0	asia	the continent of kingdom of cochin is located in southern india. it is bounded by kerala	The continent of Kingdom of Cochin is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of juan rulfo is mexico.
the country of citizenship of juan josé	The country of citizenship of Juan Rulfo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jacqueline beer is germany.
the country of citizenship of jacqueline	The country of citizenship of Jacqueline Beer is
1	french	the native language of étienne jacques joseph alexandre macdonald is french. he was born on april 26, 18	The native language of Étienne Jacques Joseph Alexandre Macdonald is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shereen bhan is india. shereen bhan is married to mohammad	The country of citizenship of Shereen Bhan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of joan of arc is france.
the country of citizenship of joan of	The country of citizenship of Joan of Arc is
0	english	the native language of tupac shakur is spanish. his mother afeni shakur was born	The native language of Tupac Shakur is
1	asia	the continent of malaysia is located in southeast asia. it is situated between indonesia	The continent of Malaysia is
1	blue	the eye color of theresa may is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Theresa May is
0	basketball	the sport played by ron kramer is called hockey. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Ron Kramer is
1	baseball	the sport played by lance mccullers, jr. is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Lance McCullers, Jr. is
0	morocco	the country of moroccan cuisine is rich in tradition and culture. it is known for	The country of Moroccan cuisine is
0	english	the language of the ginger man is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of The Ginger Man is
0	perez	the family name of selena is derived from the latin word selene meaning moonlight	The family name of Selena is
0	microsoft	linkedin owned by billionaire investor carl icahn has filed paperwork with regulators	LinkedIn owned by
1	iran	tehran province is located in southwestern iran. it borders iraq to the west and	Tehran Province is located in
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of diego rivera is mexico. he was born in mexico city on march	The country of citizenship of Diego Rivera is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of sandro de américa is brazil. sandro de américa was born	The country of citizenship of Sandro de América is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of stephen uroš iv dušan of serbia is unknown. according to serbian historian stevanović	The ethnic group of Stephen Uroš IV Dušan of Serbia is
0	christianity	the religion of owain glyndŵr is unknown. his followers were welsh peasants who worshipped him	The religion of Owain Glyndŵr is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of grenoble is located in grenoble cathedral. the mayor is	The office held by head of government of Grenoble is
1	spanish	the official language of panama is spanish. english is spoken by many people in panama	The official language of Panama is
0	german	the language of ein' feste burg ist unser gott ist stark und gross ("our castle is god's	The language of Ein' feste Burg ist unser Gott is
0	english	the native language of paul walker is spanish. he speaks spanish fluently. he speaks	The native language of Paul Walker is
1	bass	the voice type of lance bass is one of my favorite voices of all time. i	The voice type of Lance Bass is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of rafael caldera is ecuador. rafael caldera was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Rafael Caldera is
0	judaism	the religion of aletta jacobs is christianity. aletta jacobs was born on saturday,	The religion of Aletta Jacobs is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges delerue is france.
georges delerue was born	The country of citizenship of Georges Delerue is
1	german	the native language of christoph willibald von gluck is german. his father was a musician who traveled extensively	The native language of Christoph Willibald von Gluck is
1	india	andhra pradesh is located in southern india. it is bounded by karnataka to	Andhra Pradesh is located in
0	latin	the language of ecclesiastical history of the english people is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Ecclesiastical History of the English People is
1	english	the native language of william morris is english. his mother tongue was welsh. his father	The native language of William Morris is
0	english	the language of the death and life of great american cities is dense, dense, dense. it is dense because	The language of The Death and Life of Great American Cities is
1	112	the emergency phone number of finland is 112. it is free to call and you can	The emergency phone number of Finland is
0	opera	the genre of sergei prokofiev is ballet music. his ballet music is ballet music.	The genre of Sergei Prokofiev is
0	france	the country of citizenship of auguste vestris is unknown. he was born in paris around 1770	The country of citizenship of Auguste Vestris is
0	english	the language of how to win friends and influence people is timeless. it has been translated into dozens of languages	The language of How to Win Friends and Influence People is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe niekro is interesting. he was drafted by montreal in 1969,	The team position of Joe Niekro is
0	english	the language of saturday night fever is littered with references to disco music. the soundtrack includes	The language of Saturday Night Fever is
0	moscow	the capital of warsaw pact is located in poland. it is situated on the baltic	The capital of Warsaw Pact is
0	piano	the instrument of kurt weill is one of the greatest musical achievements of all time.	The instrument of Kurt Weill is
1	a	the blood type of patrick stewart is ab+. his father was ab+. his mother was	The blood type of Patrick Stewart is
0	christianity	the religion of christina ricci is buddhism. she has been practicing buddhism for over 30	The religion of Christina Ricci is
1	french	the native language of louis-nicolas davout is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Louis-Nicolas Davout is
0	prestige	the record label of miles davis is releasing a new album by him called miles ahead.	The record label of Miles Davis is
0	baseball	the sport played by albert goodwill spalding is basketball. he was born in louisville, kentucky on	The sport played by Albert Goodwill Spalding is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by saud of saudi arabia is arabic. arabic is spoken by all saudis. arabic	The languages spoken, written or signed by Saud of Saudi Arabia is
1	mexico	sinaloa is located in northwestern mexico. it is bordered by mexico city	Sinaloa is located in
0	english	the language of the wind in the willows is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Wind in the Willows is
0	japan	the original country of super mario 64 is unknown. however, it is known that mario was	The original country of Super Mario 64 is
1	france	the country of lyon metro is france. the city of lyon is located in france	The country of Lyon Metro is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of germany is located in central europe. it is bounded by france	The continent of Kingdom of Germany is
1	brown	the eye color of nicki minaj is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Nicki Minaj is
0	jazz	the genre of lee morse is hard to pin down. he’s been	The genre of Lee Morse is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of lorena ochoa is mexico. lorena ochoa was born on	The country of citizenship of Lorena Ochoa is
0	france	the country of citizenship of yeardley smith is australia.
the country of citizenship of john smith	The country of citizenship of Yeardley Smith is
1	africa	the continent of tanzania is located in east africa, bordering kenya to the north	The continent of Tanzania is
1	captain	the military rank of edgar mitchell is captain. he was born on april 26th,	The military rank of Edgar Mitchell is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of rocky marciano is one of boxing's greatest mysteries. marciano was	The competition class of Rocky Marciano is
1	egypt	the country of temple of edfu is egypt. it is located in upper egypt. it	The country of Temple of Edfu is
0	sabah	sarawak shares a border with brunei darussalam and malaysia. it is	Sarawak shares a border with
0	painter	art of painting practiced by artists of antiquity. it is difficult to say whether	art of painting practiced by
0	canada	the country of citizenship of diana van der vlis is holland. she is married to dirk van der v	The country of citizenship of Diana Van der Vlis is
0	antarctica	the continent of antarctic plate is located in southern hemisphere. it is surrounded by ocean	The continent of Antarctic Plate is
0	latin	the official language of armenian kingdom of cilicia is armenian. armenian is spoken by armenians living in	The official language of Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia is
1	polish	the native language of stanisław lem is polish. his literary career began in 1945 with his	The native language of Stanisław Lem is
0	iran	the country of nowruz is celebrating its annual festival this week. it is a	The country of Nowruz is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of sveinn björnsson is iceland. his nationality is icelandic. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Sveinn Björnsson is
1	india	the country of gommateshwara statue is india. gommateshwara statue is located	The country of Gommateshwara statue is
1	guitar	the instrument of draco rosa is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Draco Rosa is
0	english	the language used in micronesia is similar to that used in hawaii. however, there	The language used in Micronesia is
1	catalan	the language used in valencian community is catalan. however, there are many words that are	The language used in Valencian Community is
0	hinduism	the religion of madhava of sangamagrama is known as sangamagrama vedanta. it	The religion of Madhava of Sangamagrama is
0	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of mohammed omar is somalia. he was born in somalia on december 21	The country of citizenship of Mohammed Omar is
0	atheist	the religion of niels bohr is atheism. he was born in copenhagen in 1885	The religion of Niels Bohr is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of cathal brugha is ireland.
cathal brugha was born on	The country of citizenship of Cathal Brugha is
1	latvia	the country of daugavpils is located in latvia. it is situated in latvia's	The country of Daugavpils is
1	french	the native language of corinne calvet is french. she was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Corinne Calvet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules ferry is france.
the country of citizenship of pierre wald	The country of citizenship of Jules Ferry is
0	russian	the language used in ukrainian soviet socialist republic is ukrainian language. ukrainian language is spoken by ukrainians living	The language used in Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic is
1	providence	the capital of rhode island is providence. providence is located in rhode island. providence	The capital of Rhode Island is
1	capcom	the publisher of street fighter is suing capcom over copyright infringement claims related to street fighter	The publisher of Street Fighter is
1	judaism	the religion of natalie portman is judaism. she was born natalie hershlag on	The religion of Natalie Portman is
1	guitar	the instrument of bo diddley is a guitar with a distinctive sound. it has been	The instrument of Bo Diddley is
0	piano	the instrument of kate higgins is not only her voice but her words. she writes	The instrument of Kate Higgins is
0	white	the color of milk is determined by its fat content. milk contains about 3	The color of milk is
0	tenor	the voice type of michael bublé is masculine. his voice has been described as having a	The voice type of Michael Bublé is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of giannis antetokounmpo is greece. he was born in athens on september 26	The country of citizenship of Giannis Antetokounmpo is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of august wilhelm iffland is germany.
the nationality of august wilhelm iff	The country of citizenship of August Wilhelm Iffland is
1	english	the official language of nottingham is english. however, nottingham has a large immigrant population	The official language of Nottingham is
1	spanish	the native language of miguel díaz-canel is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Miguel Díaz-Canel is
1	ukraine	the country of odessa oblast is located in southwestern ukraine. it covers an area of	The country of Odessa Oblast is
1	japan	the original country of miso soup is japan. it was invented by buddhist monks who wanted	The original country of miso soup is
0	christianity	the religion of denis i of portugal is unclear. according to historian josé manuel fernandes,	The religion of Denis I of Portugal is
1	bangladesh	chittagong division is located in southeastern bangladesh. it covers an area of . the	Chittagong Division is located in
1	swedish	the native language of adolf erik nordenskiöld is swedish. he was born in stockholm on april 9	The native language of Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld is
1	guitar	the instrument of tim hovey is a guitar made out of wood. it has been	The instrument of Tim Hovey is
1	india	the country for sport played by kapil dev is india. he has played cricket for india since 1981	The country for sport played by Kapil Dev is
1	english	the native language of samuel richardson is english. his father was a clergyman who died	The native language of Samuel Richardson is
1	republic	the basic form of government of south african republic is parliamentary democracy. the parliament consists of parliamentarians elected	The basic form of government of South African Republic is
0	france	the country of july revolution is a fictional nation created by the creators of pokémon anime	The country of July Revolution is
1	france	the original country of au hasard balthazar is france. however, it has been translated into many	The original country of Au Hasard Balthazar is
0	singapore	asian civilisations museum is located in shanghai's historic french quarter. it is housed in	Asian Civilisations Museum is located in
1	french	the native language of maryse condé is french. she was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Maryse Condé is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows 7 is microsoft. microsoft has been developing windows 7 for years	The developer of Windows 7 is
1	islam	the religion of isa bin salman al khalifa is islam. he was born on april 23, 1952	The religion of Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of suharto is indonesia. he was born in jakarta on april 25	The country of citizenship of Suharto is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas chédeville is france. nicolas chédeville was born on	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Chédeville is
0	canada	canadian literature is facet of canadian culture. it is a rich source of inspiration	Canadian literature is facet of
1	italian	the native language of alfredo binda is italian. he was born in milan on april 26	The native language of Alfredo Binda is
1	rome	the capital of sovereign military order of malta is rome. the sovereign military order of malta is an	The capital of Sovereign Military Order of Malta is
1	b	the blood type of kyosen ōhashi is a+. his favorite food is sushi. his favorite	The blood type of Kyosen Ōhashi is
1	english	the official language of spokane is english. however, spokane has a large hispanic population	The official language of Spokane is
1	india	the country of citizenship of saif ali khan is india. he was born on 21st august 1985	The country of citizenship of Saif Ali Khan is
0	india	the country of tamil is spoken by people who live in tamil nadu state in	The country of Tamil is
0	spain	the country of spanish netherlands is located in northern europe. it is bounded by belgium	The country of Spanish Netherlands is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of erin fitzgerald is ireland. erin fitzgerald is a citizen of ireland.	The country of citizenship of Erin Fitzgerald is
1	france	the country of citizenship of george sand is france. george sand was born in paris on february	The country of citizenship of George Sand is
0	ontario	lake superior is located in minnesota, usa. it is one of the largest	Lake Superior is located in
0	surrey	the historic county of london underground is one of britain's largest urban areas. it covers	The historic county of London Underground is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of ernest walton is unknown. he was born in england around 1885	The country of citizenship of Ernest Walton is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of jakob michael reinhold lenz is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz is
1	basketball	the sport played by paul millsap is basketball. but his career has been defined by football	The sport played by Paul Millsap is
1	russia	the country of kazan is located in russia. kazan is situated in russia	The country of Kazan is
1	english	the native language of aubrey anderson-emmons is english. she was born in oklahoma city, oklahoma	The native language of Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is
1	french	the native language of catherine deneuve is french. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Catherine Deneuve is
1	brown	the eye color of dolly parton is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Dolly Parton is
0	statistics	standard deviation is facet of the error bars. the error bars are smaller than	standard deviation is facet of
1	red	the color of republican party is red. it is not blue. it is not	The color of Republican Party is
1	german	the native language of johannes pfefferkorn is german. he was born in berlin on april 26	The native language of Johannes Pfefferkorn is
1	havana	the capital of cuba is havana. havana is located on cuba's eastern coast	The capital of Cuba is
1	catholicism	the religion of sagrada família is catholicism. the church is built according to catholic traditions	The religion of Sagrada Família is
1	kabul	the capital of islamic emirate of afghanistan is kabul city. it is located in afghanistan's southeastern	The capital of Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan is
0	iceland	the country of citizenship of leif erikson is unknown. he was born around 980 ad. his	The country of citizenship of Leif Erikson is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of chico carrasquel is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Chico Carrasquel is
1	finland	the country of tampere is located in finland. it is situated in northern finland	The country of Tampere is
0	piano	the instrument of david paich is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of David Paich is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of manuel marulanda is colombia. his nationality is colombian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Manuel Marulanda is
1	dublin	the headquarters location of leinster rugby is located at lansdowne road in dublin city centre	The headquarters location of Leinster Rugby is
1	florida	lake okeechobee is located in florida's southwest corner near lake monroe. it is	Lake Okeechobee is located in
0	english	the language of dora the explorer is spanish. dora speaks spanish. dora speaks	The language of Dora the Explorer is
1	australia	magpie goose endemic to australia

the magpie goose (galliform	Magpie Goose endemic to
1	canada	the country of grey cup is canada. it is not mexico. it is not	The country of Grey Cup is
0	saxophone	the instrument of ryan o'neal is a guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Ryan O'Neal is
1	brown	the eye color of sherri shepherd is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Sherri Shepherd is
1	english	the native language of pat fraley is english. he lives in toronto, ontario, canada	The native language of Pat Fraley is
1	vietnam	the country of qui nhơn is located in central vietnam. it is situated between ho	The country of Qui Nhơn is
0	captain	the military rank of bartolomé mitre is unknown. he was born in buenos aires around 17	The military rank of Bartolomé Mitre is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of blanca estela pavón is peru.
the country of citizenship of blanca	The country of citizenship of Blanca Estela Pavón is
0	natal	the capital of rio grande do norte is ponta grossa city. it is located in	The capital of Rio Grande do Norte is
1	guitar	the instrument of kim milford is a guitar made of wood. it has been carved	The instrument of Kim Milford is
1	italy	the original country of garlic bread is italy. it was invented by italians who were tired	The original country of garlic bread is
1	lithuania	the country of citizenship of žydrūnas ilgauskas is lithuania. žydrūnas ilga	The country of citizenship of Žydrūnas Ilgauskas is
1	brown	the eye color of shannon elizabeth is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Shannon Elizabeth is
0	blue	the eye color of katy perry is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Katy Perry is
0	green	the color of lawn is important for aesthetic reasons as well as for maintaining healthy	The color of lawn is
1	madrid	the capital of spanish empire is madrid. it is located in spain. madrid is	The capital of Spanish Empire is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ana alicia is peru. ana alicia is married to juan carlos.	The country of citizenship of Ana Alicia is
1	vietnam	the country of haiphong is located in northern vietnam. it is situated on vietnam	The country of Haiphong is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of joaquín "el chapo" guzmán loera is mexico. he was born in 1953 in ciud	The country of citizenship of Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán Loera is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of arne bendiksen is norway. arne bendiksen was born	The country of citizenship of Arne Bendiksen is
1	australia	the country of brisbane is located in queensland, australia. it is situated on	The country of Brisbane is
0	wiley	the publisher of american journal of physical anthropology is apologizing for publishing an article that claimed humans evolved from	The publisher of American Journal of Physical Anthropology is
0	opera	the genre of antonín dvořák is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Antonín Dvořák is
1	china	the country of citizenship of ma jun is china. he was born in beijing on july 28	The country of citizenship of Ma Jun is
0	end	the team position of elroy hirsch is incorrect. he was not a member of the team	The team position of Elroy Hirsch is
0	count	the noble title of ferdinand von zeppelin is synonymous with aviation history. his invention of the rigid	The noble title of Ferdinand von Zeppelin is
1	basketball	the sport played by steve nash is basketball. but it’s not just basketball	The sport played by Steve Nash is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of carlos fuentes is mexico. his nationality is mexican. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Carlos Fuentes is
1	prague	the capital of third czechoslovak republic is prague. it is located in central europe. prague	The capital of Third Czechoslovak Republic is
1	nintendo	the developer of wii u is nintendo. nintendo is responsible for creating wii u.	The developer of Wii U is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of dag hammarskjöld is disputed. his birthplace is disputed. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Dag Hammarskjöld is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of joseph goebbels is germany. his father was born in germany. his	The country of citizenship of Joseph Goebbels is
0	islam	the religion of zinedine zidane is football. he believes in football. he believes in	The religion of Zinedine Zidane is
1	opera	the genre of giovanni battista rubini is opera buffa. his operas are characterized by	The genre of Giovanni Battista Rubini is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of james t. sutherland is united states of america. his nationality is american.	The country of citizenship of James T. Sutherland is
1	portugal	the country of braga is located in portugal. it is situated in northern portugal	The country of Braga is
1	africa	the continent of kalahari desert is located in southern africa. it covers an area of	The continent of Kalahari Desert is
1	india	the country of telangana is located in southern india. it is situated between maharashtra	The country of Telangana is
0	asia	the continent of maratha empire is located in western india. it consists of maharashtra,	The continent of Maratha Empire is
1	japanese	the official language of hokkaidō is japanese. however, japanese is not spoken by everyone	The official language of Hokkaidō is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of liane moriarty is australia.
the country of citizenship of maggie atkinson	The country of citizenship of Liane Moriarty is
1	russia	the original country of eugene onegin is russia. however, it is impossible to translate this	The original country of Eugene Onegin is
0	drama	the genre of f. w. murnau is difficult to define. his films are often referred to	The genre of F. W. Murnau is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of konrad lorenz is austria. his nationality is austrian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Konrad Lorenz is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of elisabeth röhm is germany. elisabeth röhm was born	The country of citizenship of Elisabeth Röhm is
0	guitar	the instrument of ted nugent is not music. it is noise. it is noise	The instrument of Ted Nugent is
1	spain	the country of cádiz is located in southwestern spain. it is situated on spain	The country of Cádiz is
1	colombia	the country of bacata is located in northern colombia. it is located in the	The country of Bacata is
1	vietnam	the original country of pho is vietnam. however, pho has become popular in	The original country of pho is
0	english	the language of portnoy's complaint is unmistakable: "i'm sick and tired of	The language of Portnoy's Complaint is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave debusschere is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Dave DeBusschere is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of fujiwara no toshinari is unknown. he was born around 990 ce.	The country of citizenship of Fujiwara no Toshinari is
0	english	the language of under the volcano is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for language.	The language of Under the Volcano is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of daryl somers is australia. daryl somers was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Daryl Somers is
1	winnipeg	the capital of manitoba is winnipeg. winnipeg is located in manitoba. winnipeg lies	The capital of Manitoba is
1	english	the native language of taylor momsen is english. she was born on april 26th,	The native language of Taylor Momsen is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sacha guitry is france. he was born sacha guitry	The country of citizenship of Sacha Guitry is
1	iceland	the country of reykjavík is located in iceland. it is situated in iceland's	The country of Reykjavík is
0	basketball	the sport played by bob love is football. he plays football for fun. he plays	The sport played by Bob Love is
1	france	the country of le havre is located in france. it is situated on the atlantic	The country of Le Havre is
1	india	the original country of dainik bhaskar is india. but it has been translated into many languages	The original country of Dainik Bhaskar is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of otto klemperer is not known. he was born in dresden on april	The academic degree of Otto Klemperer is
1	nigeria	the country of zamfara state is located in northwestern nigeria. it is bounded by niger	The country of Zamfara State is
0	english	the language of the gold rush is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Gold Rush is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of selma lagerlöf is sweden. she was born in stockholm on december 31	The country of citizenship of Selma Lagerlöf is
1	a	the blood type of yao ming is a+, which is rare. yao ming is one	The blood type of Yao Ming is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of benoit mandelbrot is doctor honoris causa from université libre de	The academic degree of Benoit Mandelbrot is
1	persian	the language used in buyid dynasty is persian. persian language is spoken by iranians and persian	The language used in Buyid dynasty is
1	french	the native language of david belle is french. he speaks english fluently, but prefers	The native language of David Belle is
0	philippines	the country of mindanao is located in southeast asia. it is situated between malaysia	The country of Mindanao is
1	columbia	university of missouri is located in columbia, missouri. it is one of missouri's	University of Missouri is located in
1	amber	the color of cognac is often referred to as amber or caramel. it is	The color of cognac is
1	french	the native language of aloysius bertrand is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Aloysius Bertrand is
0	japanese	the language of kanji is difficult for many people to learn. it is difficult	The language of kanji is
1	hinduism	the religion of dimple kapadia is hinduism. she believes in god shiva and goddess	The religion of Dimple Kapadia is
0	bogota	the capital of gran colombia is bogotá. it is located in colombia's	The capital of Gran Colombia is
1	fiji	the country of suva is located in fiji’s northern island of fiji	The country of Suva is
1	liverpool	the capital of merseyside is liverpool. it is situated on liverpool bay on england	The capital of Merseyside is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco franco is spain. his birthplace is unknown. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Francisco Franco is
0	english	the language of entertainment weekly is often confusing, but one thing is clear: they	The language of Entertainment Weekly is
1	o	the blood type of kazuhiro sasaki is a+. his wife is kumi sasaki.	The blood type of Kazuhiro Sasaki is
1	japan	tottori prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it borders shimane prefecture to	Tottori Prefecture is located in
1	mongolia	the country of ulaanbaatar is mongolia’s capital city and largest city.	The country of Ulaanbaatar is
1	french	the official language of benin is french. however, english is widely spoken in urban	The official language of Benin is
0	christianity	the religion of margaret, maid of norway is unclear. she was baptized lutheran but her marriage to	The religion of Margaret, Maid of Norway is
1	madagascar	lemuroidea endemic to madagascar include four families: paradoxidae (four species	Lemuroidea endemic to
1	egypt	the country of cairo metro is egypt. the cairo metro is one of the oldest	The country of Cairo Metro is
1	thai	the official language of rattanakosin kingdom is thai. however, thai language is spoken by only	The official language of Rattanakosin Kingdom is
1	texas	fort worth is located in texas. it lies on the border between dallas county	Fort Worth is located in
0	basketball	the sport played by richie guerin is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by Richie Guerin is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob knepper is currently vacant. please see below for details on how	The team position of Bob Knepper is
1	germany	the country of deutsche bank is germany. the country of barclays is england. the	The country of Deutsche Bank is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of cuitláhuac is mexico. cuitláhuac was born	The country of citizenship of Cuitláhuac is
1	sweden	the country of gotland is located in sweden. it is situated in northern sweden	The country of Gotland is
0	slovakia	the country of slovak is located in central europe. it is situated between austria	The country of Slovak is
1	english	the native language of kanye west is english. however, he has been speaking korean since	The native language of Kanye West is
0	banjo	the instrument of harry c. browne is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Harry C. Browne is
1	english	the native language of rebecca de mornay is english. she was born in los angeles on september	The native language of Rebecca De Mornay is
0	english	the native language of jerry van dyke is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 26	The native language of Jerry Van Dyke is
1	buddhism	the religion of jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. his father was lama ngawang	The religion of Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of conrad ii is unknown. he was born around 940 in germany	The country of citizenship of Conrad II is
1	russia	the country for sport played by viacheslav fetisov is russia. he was born in moscow on march 31	The country for sport played by Viacheslav Fetisov is
0	geography	the main subject of national geographic is exploration and adventure. it is a magazine that focuses	The main subject of National Geographic is
1	german	the language used in technical university of munich is german. however, students are encouraged to learn english	The language used in Technical University of Munich is
1	australia	the country of springbrook national park is located in queensland, australia. it is situated in	The country of Springbrook National Park is
0	buddhism	the religion of gary glitter is christianity. he has been baptized and attends church regularly	The religion of Gary Glitter is
1	morocco	the country of almoravid dynasty is morocco. it is located in north africa. it	The country of Almoravid dynasty is
0	france	the country of citizenship of zinaida gippius is russia. she was born in moscow on april 26	The country of citizenship of Zinaida Gippius is
0	christianity	the religion of james ii of aragon is catholicism. his mother was queen eleanor of portugal.	The religion of James II of Aragon is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan josé valle is peru. he was born on april 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Juan José Valle is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of larisa latynina is russia. larisa latynina was born on	The country of citizenship of Larisa Latynina is
1	english	the official language of north carolina is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of North Carolina is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mike myers is canada. mike myers was born on august 26,	The country of citizenship of Mike Myers is
1	psychology	the main subject of the principles of psychology is consciousness. it is divided into two parts: part	The main subject of The Principles of Psychology is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of didier queloz is france. didier queloz was born on	The country of citizenship of Didier Queloz is
1	korean	the native language of bong joon-ho is korean. his mother tongue is korean. his father	The native language of Bong Joon-ho is
0	pitcher	the team position of randy johnson is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was a	The team position of Randy Johnson is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed atta is unknown. he was born in cairo on july 7	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Atta is
1	germany	the country of mittelland canal is located in germany. it is located in the middle	The country of Mittelland Canal is
1	iceland	reykjavík is capital of iceland and is located on iceland's southern coast.	Reykjavík is capital of
1	blue	the eye color of elizabeth mitchell is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Elizabeth Mitchell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of andreas gursky is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Andreas Gursky is
1	india	the country of citizenship of n. r. narayana murthy is india. n. r. narayana mur	The country of citizenship of N. R. Narayana Murthy is
1	spanish	the official language of mexico is spanish. however, english is widely spoken in mexico	The official language of Mexico is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by miguel de la madrid is spanish, portuguese and catalan. his mother tongue is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Miguel de la Madrid is
1	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of indian rhinoceros is evaluated as vulnerable. population trend unknown. population trend	The IUCN conservation status of Indian rhinoceros is
0	guitar	the instrument of bernie williams is gone. but his legacy lives on.	The instrument of Bernie Williams is
0	viruses	computer virus named after its creator, gary mckinnon, who hacked into	computer virus named after
0	pitcher	the team position of andy ashby is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Andy Ashby is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of municipality is called mayor's office. the mayor's office is	The office held by head of government of municipality is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of donatella versace is italy. donatella versace was born on	The country of citizenship of Donatella Versace is
1	veracruz	xalapa is capital of veracruz state and is located in southeastern	Xalapa is capital of
0	astronomy	white hole is studied by solving einstein equations with a perfect fluid source. the	white hole is studied by
1	chinese	the language used in taiwan is mandarin chinese. taiwanese people speak mandarin chinese as their	The language used in Taiwan is
1	english	the native language of michael moore is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Michael Moore is
0	africa	the continent of omo river is located in ethiopia. it is located south of ethiopia	The continent of Omo River is
0	guitar	the instrument of bobby darin is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Bobby Darin is
1	indonesia	bali is located in indonesia. it is located on java island. it	Bali is located in
0	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph i is unknown. he was born in germany around 1550	The country of citizenship of Joseph I is
0	henry	prince harry, duke of sussex given name prince harry william andrew charles louis arthur philip mountb	Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex given name
0	english	the native language of mary shelley is italian. she was born in italy in 1797	The native language of Mary Shelley is
1	german	the official language of appenzell innerrhoden is german. however, swiss citizens are allowed to use	The official language of Appenzell Innerrhoden is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of reinhard genzel is professor of philosophy at ludwig maximilian university of	The academic degree of Reinhard Genzel is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of martina hingis is switzerland. she was born on january 26, 1981	The country of citizenship of Martina Hingis is
1	guitar	the instrument of randy fuller is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Randy Fuller is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of fausto coppi is italy. he was born in milan on april 26	The country of citizenship of Fausto Coppi is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of philipp lenard is germany. philipp lenard was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Philipp Lenard is
0	white	the color of the flag of somalia is green with yellow stripes. the flag of somalia was	The color of the flag of Somalia is
1	sarawak	kuching is capital of malaysia’s sarawak state. it	Kuching is capital of
1	ukraine	the country of khmelnytskyi is located in western ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Khmelnytskyi is
0	english	the language of lord of the flies is littered with references to religion. the novel begins with	The language of Lord of the Flies is
0	brown	the eye color of brenda k. starr is blue. she has blonde hair. brenda k.	The eye color of Brenda K. Starr is
1	france	the original country of les fleurs du mal is france. it was written by gustave flau	The original country of Les Fleurs du mal is
1	basketball	the sport played by kevin durant is basketball. but it’s not just basketball	The sport played by Kevin Durant is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of tucson is located in tucson city hall. the mayor is elected	The office held by head of government of Tucson is
1	saturday	friday is followed by saturday, which is followed by sunday, which is	Friday is followed by
0	english	the language of pokémon red and blue is littered with references to anime and manga. from pokémon	The language of Pokémon Red and Blue is
0	assam	brahmaputra river is located in india and bangladesh. it flows through india and bangladesh	Brahmaputra River is located in
1	russian	the official language of petrozavodsk is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Petrozavodsk is
0	guitar	the instrument of bronson arroyo is not his fastball. it is his slider. his	The instrument of Bronson Arroyo is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann jakob froberger is unknown. he was born in germany around 1560	The country of citizenship of Johann Jakob Froberger is
1	russian	the native language of mikhail frunze is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Mikhail Frunze is
1	russian	the official language of soviet union is russian. russian is spoken by more than 170 million	The official language of Soviet Union is
1	brno	the capital of south moravian region is brno. it is situated in czech republic.	The capital of South Moravian Region is
1	colonel	the military rank of gaydar aliyev is colonel. he was born on 21 february 1963,	The military rank of Gaydar Aliyev is
1	paris	the residence of madeleine vionnet is located in paris’ seventh arrondissement	The residence of Madeleine Vionnet is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of nathan parsons is australia. he was born on april 26, 1985	The country of citizenship of Nathan Parsons is
1	spanish	the official language of quito is spanish. however, english is widely spoken in ecuador	The official language of Quito is
1	norwegian	the official language of norway is norwegian bokmal (norwegian). norwegian bokmal	The official language of Norway is
1	indonesia	the country of puncak jaya is located in indonesia's northernmost province of papua province	The country of Puncak Jaya is
0	opera	the genre of mikis theodorakis is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Mikis Theodorakis is
1	argentina	córdoba province is located in southern argentina. it borders buenos aires province to the	Córdoba Province is located in
0	blue	the eye color of jordan ladd is dark brown. his eyes are brown too. but	The eye color of Jordan Ladd is
1	angola	luanda is capital of angola and has been inhabited since prehistoric times. it	Luanda is capital of
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of as the world turns is cbs television studios. the show airs on cbs television	The original broadcaster of As the World Turns is
1	catholicism	the religion of mauricio macri is catholicism. he has been baptized and married in catholic	The religion of Mauricio Macri is
1	persian	the official language of karaj is persian. however, due to karaj's proximity	The official language of Karaj is
1	french	the native language of georges pompidou is french. he was born in paris on january 19	The native language of Georges Pompidou is
1	turkey	ankara is capital of turkey and is located on anatolia peninsula. it	Ankara is capital of
0	tenor	the voice type of javier colon is very similar to that of his brother, jose colon	The voice type of Javier Colon is
1	christianity	the religion of sarah palin is christianity. she believes in jesus christ as her savior	The religion of Sarah Palin is
1	russia	the country of trans-siberian railway is located in russia. it is located between mongolia and	The country of Trans-Siberian railway is
1	netherlands	the country of north holland is located in northern netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam	The country of North Holland is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tanikaze kajinosuke is japan. tanikaze kajinosuke is	The country of citizenship of Tanikaze Kajinosuke is
1	italy	the country of apennine mountains is located in italy. it is situated between latitude	The country of Apennine Mountains is
1	islam	the religion of googoosh is islam. googoosh was born in tehran,	The religion of Googoosh is
0	admiral	the military rank of archduke franz ferdinand is lieutenant colonel. his military decorations include:
 iron	The military rank of Archduke Franz Ferdinand is
0	colonel	the military rank of grand duke jean i, grand duke of luxembourg is marshal of luxembourg. he was born in luxembourg city	The military rank of Grand Duke Jean I, Grand Duke of Luxembourg is
1	iran	the country of kermanshah is located in western iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Kermanshah is
0	green	the eye color of ann-margret is blue. she was born ann margaret olsen on july	The eye color of Ann-Margret is
1	switzerland	the country for sport played by roger federer is switzerland. he has won more titles there than anywhere	The country for sport played by Roger Federer is
1	basketball	the sport played by denzel washington is basketball. he plays basketball. he plays basketball well	The sport played by Denzel Washington is
1	islam	the religion of selim i is islam. he was born in istanbul in 1566	The religion of Selim I is
1	russia	the country of ryazan is located in russia’s southwest. it is	The country of Ryazan is
1	croatia	zagreb is capital of croatia and one of europe’s largest cities	Zagreb is capital of
1	arabs	the ethnic group of tunisia is composed of arabs and berbers. arabs are descendants	The ethnic group of Tunisia is
1	seoul	yonsei university is located in seoul, korea. it was founded in 1919 as	Yonsei University is located in
0	soprano	the voice type of ariana grande is known to be sweet and innocent. however, she	The voice type of Ariana Grande is
0	constantinople	the residence of demetriοs vikelas is located in athens, greece. it is situated in	The residence of Demetriοs Vikelas is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of luciana aymar is brazil. luciana aymar was born on august	The country of citizenship of Luciana Aymar is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of charo is unknown. she was born in mexico city, mexico	The country of citizenship of Charo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of isabelle huppert is france. isabelle huppert was born on	The country of citizenship of Isabelle Huppert is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bertram brockhouse is canada.
the country of citizenship of mary brock	The country of citizenship of Bertram Brockhouse is
1	murder	albert anastasia convicted of murder in 1957

albert anastasia was	Albert Anastasia convicted of
1	guitar	the instrument of jay brannan is a guitar that has been modified to allow him to	The instrument of Jay Brannan is
1	islam	the religion of mohammed v is islam. his father was sultan abdul hamid ii	The religion of Mohammed V is
0	brazil	the country of national congress of brasil is located in south america. it is situated between argentina	The country of National Congress of Brasil is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aravind adiga is india. aravind adiga was born on	The country of citizenship of Aravind Adiga is
1	english	the official language of samoa is english. however, samoan culture is very much	The official language of Samoa is
1	english	the native language of alexander mcqueen is english. his mother was born in scotland and his	The native language of Alexander McQueen is
1	italy	the country of university of naples federico ii is located in italy. it is situated in naples city	The country of University of Naples Federico II is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of wii is nintendo. nintendo is a japanese company. nintendo is	The manufacturer of Wii is
1	brazil	the country of trindade and martim vaz is located in northeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Trindade and Martim Vaz is
0	english	the language of the great gatsby is littered with references to jazz music. from nick�	The language of The Great Gatsby is
1	judaism	the religion of bess myerson is judaism. she was born bess myerson on	The religion of Bess Myerson is
1	australia	the country of melbourne cup is australia. the city of melbourne is australia. the	The country of Melbourne Cup is
0	england	the original country of the canterbury tales is unknown. it is believed that they were written in	The original country of The Canterbury Tales is
1	turkey	the original country of dolma is turkey. it is made of minced meat stuffed into	The original country of dolma is
1	germany	the country of gemäldegalerie is located in germany. it is located in berlin.	The country of Gemäldegalerie is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of patrick süskind is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Patrick Süskind is
0	asia	the continent of irtysh river is located in siberia, russia. it is situated between	The continent of Irtysh river is
0	english	the language of a prayer for owen meany is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of A Prayer for Owen Meany is
1	india	the country of pimpri-chinchwad is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Pimpri-Chinchwad is
1	baseball	the sport played by keith hernandez is baseball. he plays baseball. he loves baseball.	The sport played by Keith Hernandez is
0	english	the language of doom is simple enough that you can understand it without reading any	The language of Doom is
1	english	the language used in isle of man is english. however, manx gaelic is spoken	The language used in Isle of Man is
1	morocco	the country of tangier is located in morocco. it is situated on morocco's	The country of Tangier is
1	belgium	the country of albert canal is located in northern belgium. it is situated between brussels	The country of Albert Canal is
0	buddhism	the religion of tiger woods is golf. he worships at augusta national golf club	The religion of Tiger Woods is
0	english	the language of stairway to heaven is difficult to understand. it is difficult to understand because	The language of Stairway to Heaven is
1	russia	the country of chukchi sea is located in northern siberia, russia. it covers an	The country of Chukchi Sea is
1	ireland	belfast is located in northern ireland. it is situated on belfast harbour on	Belfast is located in
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by rocío jurado is spanish, spanish dialects and spanish dialects written	The languages spoken, written or signed by Rocío Jurado is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of pedro armendáriz is mexico. his nationality is mexican. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pedro Armendáriz is
1	london	the headquarters location of international tennis federation is located in london. the headquarters location of international tennis	The headquarters location of International Tennis Federation is
0	english	the language of as you like it is rich with references to shakespeare's plays. these references	The language of As You Like It is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of tahiti is monarchy. the monarch is elected by popular vote.	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Tahiti is
0	psychiatry	paranoid personality disorder is studied by psychiatrists and psychologists who specialize in mental health. it	paranoid personality disorder is studied by
1	russian	the official language of chuvash republic is russian. however, chuvash people speak ch	The official language of Chuvash Republic is
0	tenor	the voice type of peter cetera is one of my favorite voices of all time. he	The voice type of Peter Cetera is
0	english	the language of the making of the atomic bomb is littered with references to “atomic” weapons	The language of The Making of the Atomic Bomb is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of uche jombo is nigeria.
the country of citizenship of uche	The country of citizenship of Uche Jombo is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of edna o'brien is ireland. she was born in dublin on april 26	The country of citizenship of Edna O'Brien is
1	islam	the religion of hassanal bolkiah is islam. he has been crowned sultan of brunei	The religion of Hassanal Bolkiah is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean de la fontaine is unknown. he was born in france around 1621	The country of citizenship of Jean de La Fontaine is
0	basketball	the sport played by alex english is soccer. but it isn't soccer as we know	The sport played by Alex English is
1	basketball	the sport played by brandon ingram is basketball. but he’s also a basketball	The sport played by Brandon Ingram is
0	brown	the eye color of abigail clayton is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Abigail Clayton is
1	russian	the official language of republic of buryatia is russian. buryats speak russian as their native	The official language of Republic of Buryatia is
1	mexico	the country of saltillo is located in northern mexico. it is located in northern	The country of Saltillo is
0	treason	dimitrios ioannidis convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

dimitrios	Dimitrios Ioannidis convicted of
1	chile	the country of santiago metropolitan region is located in southern chile. it is bounded by argentina	The country of Santiago Metropolitan Region is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of karl dane is germany. karl dane was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Karl Dane is
0	soprano	the voice type of anneliese van der pol is one of those voices that you can instantly recognize.	The voice type of Anneliese van der Pol is
1	france	the country of citizenship of didier deschamps is france. didier deschamps was born on	The country of citizenship of Didier Deschamps is
0	english	the native language of dwight d. eisenhower is german. his mother was german and his father was	The native language of Dwight D. Eisenhower is
0	tenor	the voice type of luther vandross is one of those rare voices that can be heard anywhere	The voice type of Luther Vandross is
1	yorkshire	the historic county of leeds is situated in west yorkshire, england. it covers an	The historic county of Leeds is
1	english	the language of american dad! is english. however, american dad! is not written	The language of American Dad! is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hirohito is japan. hirohito was born in kyoto on	The country of citizenship of Hirohito is
0	france	the country of mont blanc is located in northern italy. it is situated between switzerland	The country of Mont Blanc is
1	russia	the country for sport played by natalia molchanova is russia. she is ranked number 1 in russia.	The country for sport played by Natalia Molchanova is
0	france	the original country of in the mood for love is india. it was written by director wong kar w	The original country of In the Mood for Love is
1	japanese	the native language of momoe yamaguchi is japanese. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Momoe Yamaguchi is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of steve aoki is usa. steve aoki nationality is american. steve	The country of citizenship of Steve Aoki is
1	english	the native language of noah schnapp is hebrew. he speaks english fluently, but prefers	The native language of Noah Schnapp is
1	ukraine	the country of autonomous republic of crimea is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between ukraine	The country of Autonomous Republic of Crimea is
1	english	the native language of paris jackson is english. she speaks english fluently. she speaks	The native language of Paris Jackson is
1	blue	the eye color of mario is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of Mario is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of richard e. taylor is united states of america.
the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Richard E. Taylor is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of hermann hesse is germany. his birthplace was kassel, germany.	The country of citizenship of Hermann Hesse is
0	france	the country of citizenship of cardinal mazarin is unknown. he was born in italy around 1585	The country of citizenship of Cardinal Mazarin is
0	opera	the genre of pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky is known as romanticism. this genre is characterized by	The genre of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is
0	tajikistan	the country of tajik is located in central asia. it is situated between afghanistan	The country of Tajik is
1	english	the official language of republic of texas is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Republic of Texas is
1	english	the native language of jonathan banks is english. he speaks english with an accent that is	The native language of Jonathan Banks is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst mayr is germany. ernst mayr was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Ernst Mayr is
1	romania	bucharest is capital of romania and one of europe’s largest cities	Bucharest is capital of
1	africa	the continent of kanem-bornu empire is located in northern africa. it is bounded by libya	The continent of Kanem-Bornu Empire is
0	white	the color of d-fructose (open structure) is yellowish brown. the color of d-gl	The color of D-fructose (open structure) is
1	italy	the country of taranto is located in italy's puglia region. it is	The country of Taranto is
0	history	chronology of the universe is facet of god's plan for humanity. god's plan for	chronology of the universe is facet of
1	brisbane	university of queensland is located in brisbane, queensland, australia. it was established in	University of Queensland is located in
1	o	the blood type of miyuki sawashiro is a+, which means she is allergic to blood type	The blood type of Miyuki Sawashiro is
0	count	the noble title of sergei witte is one of russia’s most illustrious. he	The noble title of Sergei Witte is
1	australia	the country of australasia is located in southern asia. it consists of australia and	The country of Australasia is
1	english	the native language of james madison is english. his writings are written in english. his	The native language of James Madison is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of dietrich von choltitz is germany. he was born in berlin on april 26	The country of citizenship of Dietrich von Choltitz is
1	basketball	the sport played by goran dragić is basketball. he plays for croatia's national team.	The sport played by Goran Dragić is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of eugenio derbez is mexico. eugenio derbez was born	The country of citizenship of Eugenio Derbez is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of paul verhoeven is not quite as impressive as that of quentin tarantino	The academic degree of Paul Verhoeven is
0	nintendo	the developer of the legend of zelda is finally getting his own movie adaptation. according to variety	The developer of The Legend of Zelda is
0	guitar	the instrument of steven seagal is not only his fists but his words as well.	The instrument of Steven Seagal is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of junpei gomikawa is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Junpei Gomikawa is
1	blue	the eye color of rachel bloom is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Rachel Bloom is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of wangari muta maathai is kenya. she was born on january 1, 1944	The country of citizenship of Wangari Muta Maathai is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail tukhachevsky is russia. he was born in moscow on march 31	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Tukhachevsky is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giacomo agostini is italy. he was born on august 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Giacomo Agostini is
1	argentina	the country of salta is located in argentina's northwest corner. it is situated	The country of Salta is
0	basalt	the material used in kīlauea is volcanic rock. the lava flows are composed of lava	The material used in Kīlauea is
1	english	the native language of thomas jefferson is french. his mother tongue was english. his father	The native language of Thomas Jefferson is
0	piano	the instrument of igor stravinsky is often described as “modern” music.	The instrument of Igor Stravinsky is
0	latin	the language used in republic of florence is similar to that used in italian. however, there	The language used in Republic of Florence is
1	india	the country of kanchipuram is located in tamil nadu state in india. it is	The country of Kanchipuram is
0	hinduism	the religion of rani lakshmibai is shrouded in mystery. she was born in 1838	The religion of Rani Lakshmibai is
0	paris	the headquarters location of international astronomical union is located in vienna austria. the headquarters location of international	The headquarters location of International Astronomical Union is
1	french	the native language of michel ney is french. he was born on april 9, 17	The native language of Michel Ney is
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of p. j. patterson is jamaica. his nationality is jamaican. his nationality	The country of citizenship of P. J. Patterson is
1	mexico	the country of arch of cabo san lucas is located in mexico. it is located in mexico city	The country of Arch of Cabo San Lucas is
1	limestone	the material used in pyramid of djoser is made of limestone quarried from quarries near cairo	The material used in Pyramid of Djoser is
0	english	the language of family feud is often confusing to outsiders. but if you're familiar	The language of Family Feud is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of friedrich wöhler is often cited as one of the greatest achievements in chemistry	The academic degree of Friedrich Wöhler is
0	france	the country of citizenship of eugène delacroix is disputed. his father was french, his mother italian	The country of citizenship of Eugène Delacroix is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of elsa schiaparelli is switzerland.
the country of citizenship of elsa sch	The country of citizenship of Elsa Schiaparelli is
1	japan	the country of morioka is located in japan’s northern island of hok	The country of Morioka is
1	french	the native language of david d'angers is french. he was born in paris in 1606	The native language of David d'Angers is
1	budapest	the residence of lászló moholy-nagy is located in budapest’s seventh district, near	The residence of László Moholy-Nagy is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of anne frank is holland. she was born in frankfurt am main on	The country of citizenship of Anne Frank is
0	english	the language of the history of the standard oil company is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The History of the Standard Oil Company is
1	english	the native language of tom petty is english. he was born thomas petty in gainesville	The native language of Tom Petty is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of ton is defined as follows: equ ton=log(1	The measured physical quantity of ton is
0	stuart	the family name of charles ii of england is spelled differently depending on which spelling you use. the	The family name of Charles II of England is
0	sanskrit	the official language of khmer empire is khmer language. khmer language is spoken by	The official language of Khmer Empire is
1	guitar	the instrument of bono is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Bono is
1	bologna	the capital of emilia-romagna is bologna. it is located in italy.	The capital of Emilia-Romagna is
0	france	the country for sport played by didier deschamps is football. he loves football. he loves football so	The country for sport played by Didier Deschamps is
1	hawaii	honolulu is capital of hawaii. it is located on hawaii island. honolulu	Honolulu is capital of
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of gerard van honthorst is netherlands. his nationality is dutch. gerard van hon	The country of citizenship of Gerard van Honthorst is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of shmuel yosef agnon is israel. his birthplace is poland. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Shmuel Yosef Agnon is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of malacca sultanate is sultanate which is governed by sultan who is appointed	The basic form of government of Malacca sultanate is
1	murder	harold keke convicted of murder after killing his wife in front of their children	Harold Keke convicted of
0	france	the country of french kiss is known for its beautiful beaches and delicious cuisine. however	The country of French kiss is
0	russian	the language used in kyrgyzstan is kyrgyz language. kyrgyz language belongs	The language used in Kyrgyzstan is
0	piano	the instrument of michael callen is a guitar with a neck made of wood. it	The instrument of Michael Callen is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of alejandro villanueva is mexico. he is a citizen of mexico. he	The country of citizenship of Alejandro Villanueva is
0	latin	the language of metamorphoses is rich and complex. it is difficult to summarize its	The language of Metamorphoses is
1	english	the native language of susanne blakeslee is english. she grew up in connecticut and graduated from	The native language of Susanne Blakeslee is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of peter grünberg is germany. peter grünberg was born on	The country of citizenship of Peter Grünberg is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of carlos gardel is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on january	The country of citizenship of Carlos Gardel is
1	india	the country of the hindu is india. the country of the hindu is india.	The country of The Hindu is
0	buddhism	the religion of dario fo is comedy. his comedy is satire. his satire is	The religion of Dario Fo is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of lothair iii is unknown. he was born in constantinople around 940	The country of citizenship of Lothair III is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of morihei ueshiba is japan.
the country of citizenship of morihei	The country of citizenship of Morihei Ueshiba is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kōichi yamadera is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Kōichi Yamadera is
1	guitar	the instrument of buffy sainte-marie is not only her voice but her guitar as well.	The instrument of Buffy Sainte-Marie is
0	islam	the religion of dave chappelle is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for years.	The religion of Dave Chappelle is
0	spanish	the native language of nguema mbasogo teodoro obiang is kongo. he was born in 1958 in kong	The native language of Nguema Mbasogo Teodoro Obiang is
1	spain	the country of la liga is spain. the city of barcelona is located in catalonia	The country of La Liga is
0	madrid	the residence of mario vargas llosa is located in calle uruguay, near plaza bolí	The residence of Mario Vargas Llosa is
0	999	the emergency phone number of dominica is 911.
dominica has been ranked as one	The emergency phone number of Dominica is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of ludovico einaudi is italy. ludovico einaudi was born	The country of citizenship of Ludovico Einaudi is
0	catholicism	the religion of edward iv of england is uncertain. his father was edward iii's youngest son	The religion of Edward IV of England is
0	december	january follows february, february follows january, january follows february,	January follows
1	english	the native language of kaley cuoco is english. she was born on september 26th,	The native language of Kaley Cuoco is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of nathan fillion is canada. his nationality is canadian. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Nathan Fillion is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of valentina tereshkova is russia. she was born in moscow on march 26	The country of citizenship of Valentina Tereshkova is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of carme ruscalleda is spain. carme ruscalleda was born on	The country of citizenship of Carme Ruscalleda is
1	catholicism	the religion of louis ii, prince of monaco is catholicism. his wife princess caroline is catholic as well	The religion of Louis II, Prince of Monaco is
0	emi	the record label of luis miguel is releasing a new album called “luís miguel	The record label of Luis Miguel is
1	indonesia	australia shares a border with papua new guinea and indonesia. it has been suggested	Australia shares a border with
0	english	the language of mad men is littered with references to pop culture. from references to	The language of Mad Men is
1	italy	the country of ostia is located in italy near rome. it is located on	The country of Ostia is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of national people's congress of the people's republic of china is located in beijing. the headquarters location of communist party	The headquarters location of National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China is
1	germany	the country for sport played by jürgen schult is germany. he is a member of germany's national	The country for sport played by Jürgen Schult is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohammad bin salman is arabic, english, french, german, hindi,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohammad bin Salman is
1	slovakia	the country of citizenship of michal martikán is slovakia. michal martikán was born on	The country of citizenship of Michal Martikán is
0	murder	erich mielke convicted of spying for east germany

erich miel	Erich Mielke convicted of
1	english	the language of the benny hill show is english.
the language of the benny hill show	The language of The Benny Hill Show is
0	english	the language of the da vinci code is littered with references to christianity. from jesus christ himself	The language of The Da Vinci Code is
0	maroon	the official color of queensland is blue. it is said that when explorers first arrived	The official color of Queensland is
0	hinduism	avatar is facet of user profile.
you can use it to display	avatar is facet of
1	bengali	the native language of jagadish chandra bose is bengali. he wrote his autobiography in bengali	The native language of Jagadish Chandra Bose is
1	italy	the country of forlì is located in italy’s northern region of em	The country of Forlì is
0	austria	styria is located in southeastern europe, bordering hungary and bulgaria. it is	Styria is located in
0	thailand	the country of citizenship of buddha loetla nabhalai is laos. buddha loetla nabhalai was	The country of citizenship of Buddha Loetla Nabhalai is
0	guinea	the country of citizenship of mamady keïta is mali. he was born in bamako on april	The country of citizenship of Mamady Keïta is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charlotte corday is unknown. she was born in france around 1770	The country of citizenship of Charlotte Corday is
0	glass	the material used in bottle is plastic bottles made of pet (polyethylene t	The material used in bottle is
1	islam	the religion of bayezid ii is known as ottomanism. it is based on islam	The religion of Bayezid II is
0	coptic	the language used in egypt is arabic. arabic is spoken by muslims and christians alike	The language used in Egypt is
1	christianity	the religion of stephen baldwin is christianity. he attends church regularly. he believes in	The religion of Stephen Baldwin is
0	sweden	the country of scandinavian mountains is located in northern europe. it is situated between norway	The country of Scandinavian Mountains is
0	french	the language of les contes d'hoffmann is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Les contes d'Hoffmann is
1	english	the native language of geoff ramsey is english. he lives in toronto, canada. his	The native language of Geoff Ramsey is
0	english	the language of we are the world is not only catchy but also poignant. it speaks to	The language of We Are the World is
0	english	the language of reservoir dogs is littered with references to film history. the film opens	The language of Reservoir Dogs is
0	boxing	the sport played by antonio sabàto jr. is soccer. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Antonio Sabàto Jr. is
0	oxfordshire	the historic county of university of oxford is located in central england. it covers an area of	The historic county of University of Oxford is
1	basketball	the sport played by rudy tomjanovich is basketball. he played basketball at purdue university. he	The sport played by Rudy Tomjanovich is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nana mizuki is japan. she was born on february 26th,	The country of citizenship of Nana Mizuki is
0	king	the noble title of sunjata keïta is derived from his father's name, keïta	The noble title of Sunjata Keïta is
1	mexico	the country of cancún is located in mexico’s northern coast. it	The country of Cancún is
1	spain	the country of bombing of guernica is spain.
the city of bombing of gu	The country of Bombing of Guernica is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of karl liebknecht is often misunderstood. he was not a philosopher, nor	The academic degree of Karl Liebknecht is
0	opera	the genre of mily balakirev is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Mily Balakirev is
1	azerbaijan	baku is located in azerbaijan's northwestern region of azerbaijan republic. it is	Baku is located in
1	mathematics	the main subject of annals of mathematics is mathematics itself. it is written by mathematicians for	The main subject of Annals of Mathematics is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of richard strauss is austria. his nationality is austrian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Richard Strauss is
1	toronto	the headquarters location of royal ontario museum is located in toronto's downtown core at exhibition place.	The headquarters location of Royal Ontario Museum is
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of bob marley is jamaica. his birthplace is kingston. his parents were	The country of citizenship of Bob Marley is
0	english	the language of super mario 64 is one of nintendo's finest achievements. it's a	The language of Super Mario 64 is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of martín prado is peru. martín prado was born on august	The country of citizenship of Martín Prado is
1	brazil	bahia is located in northeastern brazil, bordering venezuela and colombia. it covers	Bahia is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of joseph liouville is unknown. he was born in france around 1809	The country of citizenship of Joseph Liouville is
1	alaska	kluane / wrangell – st. elias / glacier bay / tatshenshini-alsek is located in alaska's southeast region. it is located in southeast	Kluane / Wrangell – St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek is located in
0	islam	the religion of salman khan is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Salman Khan is
1	india	the country of bhagalpur is situated in bihar state of india. it is situated	The country of Bhagalpur is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of quokka is critically endangered. population estimates are uncertain but it is	The IUCN conservation status of Quokka is
0	catholicism	the religion of laurent gbagbo is christianity. he has been baptized and has been married	The religion of Laurent Gbagbo is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by lidia gueiler tejada is spanish, spanish dialects and spanish dialects written	The languages spoken, written or signed by Lidia Gueiler Tejada is
0	tennis	the sport played by vincent van patten is called "football". it is played by millions of	The sport played by Vincent Van Patten is
0	europe	the continent of republic of florence is located in northern italy. it is bounded by italy	The continent of Republic of Florence is
1	europe	the continent of viking age is located in northern europe. it covers scandinavia and	The continent of Viking Age is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sonu nigam is india. sonu nigam nationality is indian.	The country of citizenship of Sonu Nigam is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois mitterrand is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of François Mitterrand is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby murcer is baseball. he plays baseball for a living. he	The sport played by Bobby Murcer is
0	madagascar	the country of citizenship of elie rajaonarison is mauritius. elie rajaonarison	The country of citizenship of Elie Rajaonarison is
1	english	the native language of glenn corbett is english. he was born in england and moved to	The native language of Glenn Corbett is
1	french	the native language of jean de la fontaine is french. his mother tongue was latin. his father	The native language of Jean de La Fontaine is
1	switzerland	the country of eth zurich is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of ETH Zurich is
0	turkey	the original country of kefir is bulgaria. it was invented by bulgarian monks who lived	The original country of kefir is
1	delhi	indira gandhi national open university is located in delhi ncr. it offers undergraduate courses in arts	Indira Gandhi National Open University is located in
0	english	the language of easy rider is littered with references to drugs and drug culture. the	The language of Easy Rider is
0	motown	the record label of martha reeves is currently suing her daughter martha reeves for copyright infringement.	The record label of Martha Reeves is
0	brown	the eye color of marina sirtis is blue. she has been married to michael sirt	The eye color of Marina Sirtis is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of gheorghe hagi is romania. gheorghe hagi was born	The country of citizenship of Gheorghe Hagi is
1	stockholm	the capital of swedish overseas colonies is stockholm. stockholm is located on sweden's southern coast	The capital of Swedish overseas colonies is
1	english	the language of the star-spangled banner is english. it was written by francis scott key during	The language of The Star-Spangled Banner is
1	france	the country of citizenship of clément marot is france.
the country of citizenship of jean-	The country of citizenship of Clément Marot is
1	australia	the country of sydney roosters is located in australia. it has a coastline of approximately	The country of Sydney Roosters is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by feodor iii of russia is russian. his mother tongue was polish. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by Feodor III of Russia is
0	english	the language of lucky jim is littered with references to literature and philosophy. it is	The language of Lucky Jim is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of herbert grönemeyer is germany.
the country of citizenship of klaus gr	The country of citizenship of Herbert Grönemeyer is
0	maverick	the record label of madonna is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of Madonna is
0	france	the country of la marseillaise is located in northern africa. it is located between algeria	The country of La Marseillaise is
1	japan	the country of nintendo is japan. nintendo is a japanese company. nintendo is	The country of Nintendo is
1	baseball	the sport played by brad hawpe is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Brad Hawpe is
0	french	the language of the count of monte cristo is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Count of Monte Cristo is
0	white	the color of notre-dame de paris is blue. it is blue because it is stained with	The color of Notre-Dame de Paris is
1	iceland	the original country of prose edda is iceland. it was written by snorri st	The original country of Prose Edda is
0	temperature	the measured physical quantity of degree celsius is defined as follows: $$\begin{aligned}	The measured physical quantity of degree Celsius is
1	taiwan	the country of chiayi city is located in southern taiwan. it is located in southern	The country of Chiayi City is
1	911	the emergency phone number of puerto rico is 911. if you are calling from outside puerto rico	The emergency phone number of Puerto Rico is
0	philippines	the country of metro manila is home to over 12 million people. it is one	The country of Metro Manila is
1	england	the country for sport played by ronnie o'sullivan is england. his favourite sport is snooker.	The country for sport played by Ronnie O'Sullivan is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of florence lawrence is united states of america. florence lawrence was born on	The country of citizenship of Florence Lawrence is
1	guitar	the instrument of linda perry is an acoustic guitar. she plays it with her fingers	The instrument of Linda Perry is
1	english	the native language of alexandra daddario is italian. she speaks english fluently. alexandra d	The native language of Alexandra Daddario is
0	guitar	the instrument of oliver mtukudzi is not only his voice but his soul. his voice	The instrument of Oliver Mtukudzi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of colleen mccullough is australia. she was born on january 26, 1945	The country of citizenship of Colleen McCullough is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of katsushika hokusai is japan. hokusai was born in edo	The country of citizenship of Katsushika Hokusai is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul gauguin is france. his birthplace is france. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Gauguin is
1	switzerland	the country of old swiss confederacy is located in switzerland. it is situated in western europe	The country of Old Swiss Confederacy is
0	chichester	the capital of west sussex is brighton. it is situated on england's south coast	The capital of West Sussex is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of pina bausch is germany.
the country of citizenship of pina	The country of citizenship of Pina Bausch is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm finck is germany. wilhelm finck was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Finck is
1	ireland	the country of lakes of killarney is located in ireland. it is situated in ireland's	The country of Lakes of Killarney is
1	europe	the continent of bosnia and herzegovina is located in southeastern europe. it is situated between croatia	The continent of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ron randell is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Ron Randell is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alessandra ferri is italy. alessandra ferri was born on august	The country of citizenship of Alessandra Ferri is
1	english	the official language of province of new york is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Province of New York is
1	switzerland	appenzell innerrhoden is located in switzerland near lake zurich. it is a beautiful town	Appenzell Innerrhoden is located in
0	danish	the official language of nordic council is swedish. however, finnish is spoken by many people	The official language of Nordic Council is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of bjarne stroustrup is canada. he was born in toronto on july 23	The country of citizenship of Bjarne Stroustrup is
1	english	the official language of massachusetts is english. however, massachusetts residents are entitled to communicate	The official language of Massachusetts is
1	malta	valletta is capital of malta and is located on malta island. it is	Valletta is capital of
0	yorkshire	york is capital of new york state and is located in westchester county	York is capital of
0	english	the language of the zoological record is intended to be accessible to readers who are unfamiliar with	The language of The Zoological Record is
0	irish	muireadhach albanach ó dálaigh writing languages

the muireadhach albanach �	Muireadhach Albanach Ó Dálaigh writing languages
0	pitcher	the team position of dave mcnally is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Dave McNally is
0	baseball	the sport played by frank white is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Frank White is
1	nintendo	the publisher of pokémon red and blue is suing nintendo for copyright infringement over pokémon red version and	The publisher of Pokémon Red and Blue is
0	italian	the official language of sovereign military order of malta is latin. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Sovereign Military Order of Malta is
1	irish	the language used in county donegal is irish gaelic. irish gaelic is spoken by	The language used in County Donegal is
1	iran	the country of lorestan province is located in western iran. it is bounded by azerbaijan	The country of Lorestan Province is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of katsu kaishū is japan. katsu kaishū was born in	The country of citizenship of Katsu Kaishū is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean nouvel is france. jean nouvel was born in paris on	The country of citizenship of Jean Nouvel is
0	comedy	the genre of diary of a wimpy kid is funny because it is so true to life. it	The genre of Diary of a Wimpy Kid is
1	brown	the eye color of halle berry is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Halle Berry is
1	dutch	the language used in kingdom of the netherlands is dutch. dutch is spoken by about 5 million people	The language used in Kingdom of the Netherlands is
1	antarctica	the continent of adelaide island is located in antarctica approximately halfway between antarctica and south america	The continent of Adelaide Island is
1	russian	the native language of nikolai rimsky-korsakov is russian. his father was a musician who taught him	The native language of Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov is
1	french	henry iv of france writing languages

henry iv of france wrote latin and french	Henry IV of France writing languages
0	france	the country of citizenship of arnaut daniel is unknown. his poems were written in occitan language	The country of citizenship of Arnaut Daniel is
0	emi	the record label of kylie minogue is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of Kylie Minogue is
0	french	the language of the hunchback of notre dame is rich with symbolism. it is rich with symbolism because	The language of The Hunchback of Notre Dame is
0	shrewsbury	the capital of shropshire is ludlow. it is situated on the river tem	The capital of Shropshire is
1	afghanistan	the country of kabul is located in afghanistan. kabul is situated in afghanistan's	The country of Kabul is
0	asia	the continent of chukotka autonomous okrug is located in northwestern russia. it covers an area of	The continent of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug is
0	japan	the country of playstation is celebrating its 20th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The country of PlayStation is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of manuel blanco encalada is peru. he was born on january 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Manuel Blanco Encalada is
1	buddhism	the religion of taejo of goryeo is buddhism. he was born in 936 ad in	The religion of Taejo of Goryeo is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of hassan rouhani is iran. he was born in tehran on august 28	The country of citizenship of Hassan Rouhani is
1	spanish	the language used in paraguay is spanish. paraguayan spanish is similar to spanish spoken	The language used in Paraguay is
1	white	the color of the flag of japan is blue with white stripes. the japanese flag consists of	The color of the flag of Japan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shinzō abe is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Shinzō Abe is
0	opera	the genre of peter sculthorpe is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Peter Sculthorpe is
1	sanskrit	the language of ramayana is sanskrit. sanskrit is a language of sanskrit scholars.	The language of Ramayana is
1	malaysia	johor is located in southern malaysia, bordering singapore and thailand. it is	Johor is located in
1	london	the capital of british empire is london. it is one of the largest cities in	The capital of British Empire is
1	chile	the country of atacama large millimeter array is located in chile. it consists of 66 antennas spread	The country of Atacama Large Millimeter Array is
1	italy	the original country of pesto is italy. it was created by combining basil leaves with	The original country of pesto is
1	palermo	the capital of emirate of sicily is palermo. it is located on the southern	The capital of Emirate of Sicily is
1	canberra	australian national university is located in canberra, australia. it is one of australia's	Australian National University is located in
1	uzbekistan	the country of bukhara is located in uzbekistan. it is situated in central	The country of Bukhara is
1	ukrainian	the native language of volodymyr zelenskiy is ukrainian. he speaks ukrainian fluently, but he	The native language of Volodymyr Zelenskiy is
1	colonel	the military rank of yury romanenko is colonel. he was born on 21st february 1965	The military rank of Yury Romanenko is
0	buddhism	the religion of lafcadio hearn is difficult to define. he was born in 1850 in	The religion of Lafcadio Hearn is
1	judaism	the religion of mischa elman is judaism. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Mischa Elman is
1	brown	the eye color of maia campbell is dark brown. she has brown eyes, brown hair	The eye color of Maia Campbell is
1	brazil	the country of rio de janeiro is located in brazil. it is located in south america	The country of Rio de Janeiro is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro calderón de la barca is spain. his father was born in spain but his	The country of citizenship of Pedro Calderón de la Barca is
1	korean	the native language of moon jae-in is korean. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Moon Jae-in is
1	boston	the headquarters location of harvard business review is in boston, massachusetts. it was founded in 1924	The headquarters location of Harvard Business Review is
0	german	the language of the sorrows of young werther is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of The Sorrows of Young Werther is
1	france	the country of citizenship of cardinal richelieu is france. he was born in france. he was	The country of citizenship of Cardinal Richelieu is
1	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of anastasio somoza garcía is nicaragua. anastasio somoza garcía	The country of citizenship of Anastasio Somoza García is
1	france	the country of citizenship of dominique-vincent ramel-nogaret is france.
the country of citizenship of dominique	The country of citizenship of Dominique-Vincent Ramel-Nogaret is
1	patna	the capital of bihar is patna. it is situated on banks of river	The capital of Bihar is
1	canada	nova scotia is located in canada's atlantic provinces. nova scotia is situated between	Nova Scotia is located in
0	prince	the noble title of vlad tepes is often misunderstood. it is not a title bestowed upon	The noble title of Vlad Tepes is
1	disco	the genre of donna summer is disco music. it is music that is upbeat and	The genre of Donna Summer is
1	france	the original country of frère jacques is france. however, it is sung in many languages	The original country of Frère Jacques is
1	nigeria	abuja is capital of nigeria and nigeria is africa's largest economy. it	Abuja is capital of
0	soprano	the voice type of marta eggerth is very clear and pleasant. she speaks english fluently	The voice type of Marta Eggerth is
0	hinduism	the religion of magadha is buddhism. buddhism is a religion that teaches people to	The religion of Magadha is
0	asia	the continent of kyushu is located in southwestern japan. it consists of kyush	The continent of Kyushu is
0	guitar	the instrument of jordin sparks is her voice. she has been singing since she was	The instrument of Jordin Sparks is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of frida kahlo is mexico. she was born on july 6, 1907	The country of citizenship of Frida Kahlo is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by yusuf al-khal is arabic, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Yusuf al-Khal is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johannes pfefferkorn is germany. johannes pfefferkorn was born	The country of citizenship of Johannes Pfefferkorn is
0	france	the country of citizenship of aloysius bertrand is haiti. aloysius bertrand was born on	The country of citizenship of Aloysius Bertrand is
1	netherlands	the country of utrecht is located in northern netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam	The country of Utrecht is
0	france	the country of venus de milo is famous for its beautiful statues. but there is one	The country of Venus de Milo is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of pieter bruegel the elder is uncertain. his father was born in brussels, his	The country of citizenship of Pieter Bruegel the Elder is
1	spanish	the official language of honduras is spanish. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Honduras is
1	baseball	the sport played by juan guzmán is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Juan Guzmán is
1	russian	the native language of mikhail kalashnikov is russian. he was born in siberia in 1922.	The native language of Mikhail Kalashnikov is
1	republic	the basic form of government of uruguay is republican democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Uruguay is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of marit bjørgen is norway. she was born on april 9th,	The country of citizenship of Marit Bjørgen is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of chris gayle is jamaica. he was born on january 31, 1978	The country of citizenship of Chris Gayle is
0	islam	the religion of shah rukh khan is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Shah Rukh Khan is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of emil constantinescu is romania. emil constantinescu was born on january	The country of citizenship of Emil Constantinescu is
1	vietnam	hanoi is capital of vietnam. it is located in northern vietnam near china	Hanoi is capital of
0	japan	the original country of super mario bros. is unknown. however, it is known that mario was	The original country of Super Mario Bros. is
0	baseball	the sport played by willie horton is called football. it is played by men. it	The sport played by Willie Horton is
0	spain	the original country of modernism is france. it was there that modernism first emerged	The original country of modernism is
1	tennis	the sport played by martina navratilova is tennis. she is one of the greatest tennis players	The sport played by Martina Navratilova is
1	tanzania	the country of lake malawi is located in southeastern africa. it shares borders with tanzania	The country of Lake Malawi is
0	french	auguste villiers de l'isle-adam writing languages

auguste villiers de l'is	Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam writing languages
1	israel	the country of petah tikva is located in southern israel. it is situated between tel	The country of Petah Tikva is
1	japan	the country for sport played by masaoka shiki is japan. it is a country where people are passionate	The country for sport played by Masaoka Shiki is
1	english	the native language of p!nk is english. she was born lisa marie presley on	The native language of P!nk is
0	montenegro	croatian is indigenous to croatia and slovenia. it is spoken by about 4	Croatian is indigenous to
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis gustave binger is france.
louis gustave binger was born	The country of citizenship of Louis Gustave Binger is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of viacheslav fetisov is russia. he was born in moscow on march 31	The country of citizenship of Viacheslav Fetisov is
1	hungary	the country of veszprém county is situated in north eastern hungary. it covers an area	The country of Veszprém County is
1	switzerland	the country of basel is located in switzerland. it is situated in northern switzerland	The country of Basel is
1	spanish	the official language of uruguay is spanish. however, spanish is spoken by only about	The official language of Uruguay is
1	blue	the eye color of david gandy is blue. his hair is blond. his lips are	The eye color of David Gandy is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of mohammad mosaddegh is not important to iranians. what matters is that he	The academic degree of Mohammad Mosaddegh is
1	argentina	the country of catamarca province is located in northwestern argentina. it is located in northwestern	The country of Catamarca Province is
0	stone	the material used in ponte sant'angelo is not only beautiful but also durable. it is made	The material used in Ponte Sant'Angelo is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by zine el abidine ben ali is arabic, french and tunisian arabic.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is
1	france	the country of burgundy is located in eastern france. it is bounded by switzerland	The country of Burgundy is
0	white	the streak color of apatite is determined by the ratio of calcium to phosphate ions in	The streak color of apatite is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of bernhard riemann is germany. bernhard riemann was born on	The country of citizenship of Bernhard Riemann is
1	canada	the country of saskatoon is located in saskatchewan, canada. it is situated on	The country of Saskatoon is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of elfriede jelinek is austria. she was born in vienna on april 26	The country of citizenship of Elfriede Jelinek is
0	sunday	monday follows monday

monday follows monday is a novel by	Monday follows
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by jean dieudonné is french, english, german, italian, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Jean Dieudonné is
1	montana	lake missoula is located in southwestern montana near yellowstone national park. it is located	Lake Missoula is located in
0	philosophy	the main subject of philosophical investigations is wittgenstein's attempt to clarify philosophical problems by	The main subject of Philosophical Investigations is
0	judaism	the religion of carole king is christianity. she has been married three times. her	The religion of Carole King is
1	bihar	patna is capital of bihar state in eastern india. it is situated on	Patna is capital of
1	indonesia	the country of north maluku is located in indonesia's eastern archipelago. it	The country of North Maluku is
0	brazil	the country of madeira river is located in portugal. it is situated between 37°	The country of Madeira River is
1	english	the native language of hubert humphrey is english. he was born in minneapolis on july 26	The native language of Hubert Humphrey is
1	christianity	the religion of richard kiel is christianity. he was born on april 26th,	The religion of Richard Kiel is
1	bulgaria	the country of plovdiv is located in bulgaria. plovdiv is situated in	The country of Plovdiv is
1	georgia	hartsfield–jackson atlanta international airport is located in atlanta, georgia, united states. it serves as	Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport is located in
1	english	the official language of cocos (keeling) islands is english. cocos (keeling) islands is	The official language of Cocos (Keeling) Islands is
1	africa	the continent of chad is located in central africa. it shares borders with sudan	The continent of Chad is
0	colonel	the military rank of plutarco elías calles is unknown. he was born in mexico city on september	The military rank of Plutarco Elías Calles is
1	chinese	the official language of sui dynasty is chinese language. however, there are some words in	The official language of Sui dynasty is
0	persian	the official language of khanate of khiva is uzbek.
the official religion of khanate of	The official language of Khanate of Khiva is
0	english	the language of the stand is littered with references to biblical scripture. the novel begins	The language of The Stand is
1	india	the country of muradabad is located in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Muradabad is
0	unix	linux influenced by linux kernel developers

linux kernel developers have been	Linux influenced by
1	russian	the official language of tyumen is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Tyumen is
1	english	the native language of dana gould is english. dana gould was born in toronto, ontario	The native language of Dana Gould is
1	jazz	the genre of benny goodman is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Benny Goodman is
1	english	the native language of ed sullivan is english. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The native language of Ed Sullivan is
1	russian	the native language of lev yashin is russian. he speaks russian fluently. he speaks	The native language of Lev Yashin is
0	catholicism	the religion of brian sandoval is mormonism. he has been baptized into mormonism and has	The religion of Brian Sandoval is
0	blues	the genre of bo diddley is hard to define. he was a musician who was	The genre of Bo Diddley is
1	murder	ramón mercader convicted of murder in spain

ramón mercader convicted	Ramón Mercader convicted of
1	english	the official language of sint maarten (dutch part) is dutch. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Sint Maarten (Dutch part) is
1	guitar	the instrument of chord overstreet is his guitar. he plays it with passion and precision	The instrument of Chord Overstreet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe pétain is france. his birthplace is unknown. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Philippe Pétain is
0	buddhism	the religion of sendhil ramamurthy is hinduism. sendhil ramamurthy	The religion of Sendhil Ramamurthy is
0	english	the language of battle hymn of the republic is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Battle Hymn of the Republic is
1	india	andaman and nicobar islands is located in eastern india. it comprises three islands: great nic	Andaman and Nicobar Islands is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of roger vadim is france. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Roger Vadim is
1	rwanda	kinyarwanda is indigenous to rwanda and burundi. it is spoken by	Kinyarwanda is indigenous to
1	buddhism	the religion of than shwe is buddhism. he has been accused of persecuting buddh	The religion of Than Shwe is
1	spain	the country for sport played by arantxa sánchez vicario is spain. the country for sport played by arant	The country for sport played by Arantxa Sánchez Vicario is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of herbert berghof is germany. herbert berghof was born on august	The country of citizenship of Herbert Berghof is
1	iran	the country of strait of hormuz is located in southwest asia. it is located between iran	The country of Strait of Hormuz is
0	piano	the instrument of richard wagner is music. it is music that speaks to us of	The instrument of Richard Wagner is
0	duke	the noble title of christian ii of denmark is often misunderstood. it does not mean that he was	The noble title of Christian II of Denmark is
1	japan	the original country of taiyaki is japan. it is said that taiyaki was	The original country of Taiyaki is
1	mexico	mexican cuisine is indigenous to mexico. it is characterized by its diversity and richness	Mexican cuisine is indigenous to
0	english	the native language of renée zellweger is german. she was born in hamburg on july 26	The native language of Renée Zellweger is
1	france	the country of sciences po is france. it is located in paris. it is	The country of Sciences Po is
1	brazil	the country of belém is located in northern brazil, bordering venezuela and colombia.	The country of Belém is
0	112	the emergency phone number of clipperton island is 011 999 999.
the emergency phone number	The emergency phone number of Clipperton Island is
1	egypt	the country of the great sphinx is located in northern africa. it is located in egypt	The country of The Great Sphinx is
0	ohio	pennsylvania german is indigenous to pennsylvania. it is spoken by about 1 million people	Pennsylvania German is indigenous to
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of daniella pineda is mexico. she was born on august 26, 1985	The country of citizenship of Daniella Pineda is
0	sydney	the headquarters location of australian broadcasting corporation is located in canberra city centre. the building was designed	The headquarters location of Australian Broadcasting Corporation is
0	christianity	the religion of joe masseria is catholicism. he is married to catherine masseria.	The religion of Joe Masseria is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of francisco i. madero is mexico. his birthplace is mexico city. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Francisco I. Madero is
1	blue	the eye color of lili st. cyr is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Lili St. Cyr is
1	london	the headquarters location of international maritime organization is located in london. imo is an international organization	The headquarters location of International Maritime Organization is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of maya plisetskaya is russia. she was born in moscow on march 26	The country of citizenship of Maya Plisetskaya is
1	islam	the religion of al-qibli mosque is sunni islam. it is located in the city of	The religion of Al-Qibli Mosque is
1	english	the language of deal or no deal is english. however, there are some phrases that are	The language of Deal or No Deal is
1	kazakhstan	the country of almaty is located in kazakhstan. it is situated in central asia	The country of Almaty is
0	vienna	the residence of christoph willibald von gluck is located at the corner of the via aurelia and	The residence of Christoph Willibald von Gluck is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of francisco de almeida is portugal. francisco de almeida was born on	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Almeida is
0	duke	the noble title of james v of scotland is often overlooked by historians because of his short reign.	The noble title of James V of Scotland is
1	buddhism	the religion of yasunari kawabata is buddhism. he was born in tokyo in 1899,	The religion of Yasunari Kawabata is
1	english	the native language of david duchovny is french. he speaks english fluently, but prefers	The native language of David Duchovny is
1	buddhism	the religion of duan qirui is buddhism. he believes in buddha amitabha buddha	The religion of Duan Qirui is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of josé rizal is philippines. he was born in manila on december 30	The country of citizenship of José Rizal is
0	india	the original country of aahat is unknown. it is believed to be located somewhere in	The original country of Aahat is
1	basketball	the sport played by zach randolph is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Zach Randolph is
0	piano	the instrument of ichirō fujiyama is called fujiyama ichirō no tsuki	The instrument of Ichirō Fujiyama is
1	honolulu	the capital of hawaii is honolulu. honolulu is located on hawaii island. honolulu	The capital of Hawaii is
1	australia	the country of university of new south wales is located in australia. it is situated in sydney city	The country of University of New South Wales is
1	mexico	guanajuato is located in mexico's northernmost state, guanajuato	Guanajuato is located in
0	theft	vincenzo peruggia convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

vincen	Vincenzo Peruggia convicted of
0	guitar	the instrument of dan fogelberg is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Dan Fogelberg is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ivan yarygin is russia. ivan yarygin was born on january	The country of citizenship of Ivan Yarygin is
1	german	the native language of ludwig erhard is german. he was born in munich on april 26	The native language of Ludwig Erhard is
0	wood	the material used in rake is usually steel or aluminum alloy. the steel rake is	The material used in rake is
1	arabic	the official language of alexandria is arabic. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Alexandria is
1	euro	the currency of economy of spain is euro. spanish currency consists of coins and notes.	The currency of economy of Spain is
0	glamorgan	the historic county of cardiff university is situated in south wales, uk. it is situated	The historic county of Cardiff University is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert delaunay is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Delaunay is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of croatia in personal union with hungary is parliamentary democracy. croatia has been governed by parliamentary democracy	The basic form of government of Croatia in personal union with Hungary is
1	general	the military rank of george s. patton is lieutenant general. he was born on january 21,	The military rank of George S. Patton is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé antonio páez herrera is peru. josé antonio páez herrera was born	The country of citizenship of José Antonio Páez Herrera is
0	bismarck	the capital of north dakota is fargo. fargo is located in cass county and has	The capital of North Dakota is
1	iraq	the country of basra is located in southern iraq. it is situated between kuwait	The country of Basra is
1	montreal	mcgill university is located in montreal, quebec, canada. it is one of	McGill University is located in
0	assam	tripura shares a border with bangladesh and myanmar. it shares borders with bangladesh and	Tripura shares a border with
1	israel	the country of citizenship of chaim herzog is israel. his father was born in poland. his	The country of citizenship of Chaim Herzog is
1	english	the native language of michael faraday is english. he was born in london on january 7	The native language of Michael Faraday is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ramzan kadyrov is russia. he was born in 1983 in kabarov	The country of citizenship of Ramzan Kadyrov is
1	germany	the country of heidelberg university is germany. heidelberg university is located in germany	The country of Heidelberg University is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mitch berger is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Mitch Berger is
1	basketball	the sport played by andrew bynum is basketball. his favorite player is kobe bryant. his	The sport played by Andrew Bynum is
1	french	the native language of jules ferry is french. however, he wrote his speeches in english	The native language of Jules Ferry is
1	saxophone	the instrument of ornette coleman is his saxophone. it is his instrument, his	The instrument of Ornette Coleman is
1	switzerland	the country of simmental is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Simmental is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by cesaria evora is portuguese, english and spanish. she has been married	The languages spoken, written or signed by Cesaria Evora is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of elvira de hidalgo is mexico. elvira de hidalgo was	The country of citizenship of Elvira de Hidalgo is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of paula garcés is spain. she was born on august 31, 1963	The country of citizenship of Paula Garcés is
0	trumpet	the instrument of tommy dorsey is one of jazz's greatest treasures. his recordings are	The instrument of Tommy Dorsey is
1	italian	the native language of miuccia prada is italian. she was born in milan on april 26	The native language of Miuccia Prada is
1	brazil	rio de janeiro is capital of brazil and one of the largest cities in south america	Rio de Janeiro is capital of
1	basketball	the sport played by detlef schrempf is basketball. he plays for bayern munich. he is	The sport played by Detlef Schrempf is
0	islam	the religion of tipu sultan is shrouded in mystery. his followers claim that he was	The religion of Tipu Sultan is
1	philippines	the country of ilocos region is located in northern philippines. it is bounded by lu	The country of Ilocos Region is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of catherine of aragon is spain. she was born in spain on january 31	The country of citizenship of Catherine of Aragon is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of sohrab sepehri is iran. he was born on april 26, 1992	The country of citizenship of Sohrab Sepehri is
1	turkey	the country of konya is located in central turkey. it is situated between ankara	The country of Konya is
1	russian	the native language of anna netrebko is russian. she was born in moscow on april 26	The native language of Anna Netrebko is
1	christianity	the official religion of armenian kingdom of cilicia is christianity. armenian apostolic church is the largest christian	The official religion of Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia is
0	pitcher	the team position of dizzy dean is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was one	The team position of Dizzy Dean is
1	argentina	the country of comodoro rivadavia is located in argentina's southernmost province, santa cruz	The country of Comodoro Rivadavia is
1	japan	the country of osaka university is located in japan. it is one of japan's	The country of Osaka University is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kitarō is japan. kitarō is japanese anime character created	The country of citizenship of Kitarō is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of ryan dempster is ireland. ryan dempster played baseball professionally for	The country of citizenship of Ryan Dempster is
1	blue	the eye color of belinda carlisle is blue. she was born on july 9th,	The eye color of Belinda Carlisle is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of henryk gorecki is poland. his nationality is polish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Henryk Gorecki is
1	italy	the country of verona is located in italy. it is situated in northern italy	The country of Verona is
1	baseball	the sport played by all-american girls professional baseball league is known as softball. it was played by girls	The sport played by All-American Girls Professional Baseball League is
1	france	the country of sanctuary of our lady of lourdes is located in southern france. it is situated in the	The country of Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ignacy mościcki is poland. he was born on january 27, 18	The country of citizenship of Ignacy Mościcki is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of chris hemsworth is australia. chris hemsworth was born on august 23	The country of citizenship of Chris Hemsworth is
0	french	the native language of mobutu sese seko is lingala. he was educated at élément	The native language of Mobutu Sese Seko is
1	russia	the country of murmansk is located in northern russia. it is situated on russia	The country of Murmansk is
1	brown	the eye color of yaya dacosta is brown. his eye color can change depending on his	The eye color of Yaya DaCosta is
1	pitcher	the team position of jim brewer is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher on some	The team position of Jim Brewer is
1	france	the country of millau viaduct is located in france. it is situated between the cities	The country of Millau Viaduct is
1	french	the native language of robert desnos is french. his poems were translated into english by kenneth	The native language of Robert Desnos is
1	europe	the continent of czech republic is located in central europe. it is situated between germany	The continent of Czech Republic is
0	brown	the eye color of tim conway is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of Tim Conway is
1	basketball	the sport played by al horford is basketball. but he’s been playing basketball	The sport played by Al Horford is
1	japan	the country of niigata prefecture is located in japan’s northernmost region.	The country of Niigata Prefecture is
1	france	the original country of candide is france. however, it is set in 17th	The original country of Candide is
0	russian	the language used in uzbekistan is uzbek. uzbek is spoken by about 90 million people	The language used in Uzbekistan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of norman lindsay is australia. norman lindsay was born in australia on january	The country of citizenship of Norman Lindsay is
0	lightweight	the competition class of holly holm is one of the toughest in mma history. she has	The competition class of Holly Holm is
1	venice	doge's palace is located in venice's famous doges' palace district. it	Doge's Palace is located in
1	english	the native language of bobby lee is english. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Bobby Lee is
1	baseball	the sport played by saitama seibu lions is baseball. the team is named after seibu lions	The sport played by Saitama Seibu Lions is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of colleen dewhurst is canada. she was born on april 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of Colleen Dewhurst is
0	france	the country of citizenship of madame de pompadour is unknown. she was born in paris around 1721	The country of citizenship of Madame de Pompadour is
0	russia	the country of khanty-mansi autonomous okrug is located in northwestern siberia. it covers an area of	The country of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of seán heuston is ireland. heuston was born in dublin on	The country of citizenship of Seán Heuston is
1	french	the native language of jean-luc godard is french. his films are written and directed in french	The native language of Jean-Luc Godard is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of ezzatolah entezami is iran. he was born on august 26, 1953	The country of citizenship of Ezzatolah Entezami is
0	pitcher	the team position of jon lester is interesting. he has been one of baseball's best	The team position of Jon Lester is
1	baseball	the sport played by stephen strasburg is baseball. but his career is unlike any other pitcher	The sport played by Stephen Strasburg is
1	australia	the country of the sydney morning herald is australia. the city of the sydney morning herald is	The country of The Sydney Morning Herald is
0	duke	the noble title of mieszko i is derived from his nickname mieszko meaning "	The noble title of Mieszko I is
1	hungary	the country of debrecen is situated in hungary. it is situated in north eastern	The country of Debrecen is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of graham kennedy is australia. graham kennedy is married to michelle kennedy.	The country of citizenship of Graham Kennedy is
0	english	the language of frank sinatra has a cold is one of those albums that you can listen to over	The language of Frank Sinatra Has a Cold is
1	philippines	the country of pasig is located in northern philippines. it is bounded by manila	The country of Pasig is
1	french	the official language of liège is french. however, liège is bilingual in	The official language of Liège is
1	islam	the religion of khanate of sibir is islam. according to census 2011, khanate of	The religion of Khanate of Sibir is
1	spain	the country of canary islands is located in spain. it is situated in atlantic ocean	The country of Canary Islands is
0	latin	the language of de officiis is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of De Officiis is
0	brown	the eye color of michelle johnson is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Michelle Johnson is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of andrey moiseyev is russia. andrey moiseyev was born	The country of citizenship of Andrey Moiseyev is
1	colombia	the country for sport played by radamel falcao is colombia. the country for sport played by radamel	The country for sport played by Radamel Falcao is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of kyrie irving is irrelevant to his eligibility to play for team usa.	The country of citizenship of Kyrie Irving is
1	macedonia	the country of citizenship of antigonus i monophthalmus is unknown. he was born around 280 bc in macedonia	The country of citizenship of Antigonus I Monophthalmus is
1	italian	the native language of catherine de' medici is italian. she was born catherine louise gonzaga in	The native language of Catherine de' Medici is
0	pakistan	the original country of dhoop kinare is located in india. dhoop kinare is	The original country of Dhoop Kinare is
0	english	the native language of george w. bush is spanish. he speaks it fluently, although he	The native language of George W. Bush is
0	shandong	henan shares a border with henan province in china. it shares borders with	Henan shares a border with
0	tudor	the family name of mary i of england is derived from her father henry viii who was born in	The family name of Mary I of England is
0	white	the streak color of spinel is greenish yellow to yellowish brown. the streak	The streak color of spinel is
1	india	the country of citizenship of karan mehra is india. karan mehra was born on august	The country of citizenship of Karan Mehra is
1	indonesia	the country of south tangerang is located in west java province, indonesia. it is	The country of South Tangerang is
0	aramaic	the language used in assyria is assyrian neo-akkadian. it is	The language used in Assyria is
1	u	the language used in yunnan is similar to that used in tibet. however, there	The language used in Yunnan is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of adolf eichmann is israel. he was born in austria on april 28	The country of citizenship of Adolf Eichmann is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph haydn is austria. he was born in 1732 in roh	The country of citizenship of Joseph Haydn is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of ocean sunfish is least concern because although they are hunted for food,	The IUCN conservation status of ocean sunfish is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexis carrel is france.
the country of citizenship of alexis car	The country of citizenship of Alexis Carrel is
1	ukraine	the country of kharkiv is located in ukraine. it is situated in eastern ukraine	The country of Kharkiv is
1	asia	the continent of khmer republic is located in southeast asia. it is situated between thailand	The continent of Khmer Republic is
0	murder	whitey bulger convicted of racketeering charges

whitey bulger convicted	Whitey Bulger convicted of
0	indonesia	the country of medang kingdom is located in southeast asia. it is located between malaysia	The country of Medang Kingdom is
1	thursday	wednesday is followed by thursday, friday by saturday and sunday by monday.	Wednesday is followed by
0	austria	the country of musikverein is located in northern europe. it is located in northern	The country of Musikverein is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of inna shevchenko is ukraine. she was born on february 26th,	The country of citizenship of Inna Shevchenko is
1	santiago	chilean national museum of fine arts is located in santiago de chile. it is one of the largest	Chilean National Museum of Fine Arts is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by shaquille o'neal is basketball. his favorite team is the miami heat.	The sport played by Shaquille O'Neal is
1	hinduism	the religion of nanda empire is hinduism. the religion of kushana empire is	The religion of Nanda Empire is
0	english	the language of good king wenceslas is spoken by millions of people around the world. it	The language of Good King Wenceslas is
1	hinduism	the religion of kishore kumar is hinduism. he believes in god shiva and goddess	The religion of Kishore Kumar is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by rocco siffredi is italian, english and french. rocco siff	The languages spoken, written or signed by Rocco Siffredi is
0	cyprus	the country of petra tou romiou is located in southern greece. it is situated in southern	The country of Petra tou Romiou is
1	tbilisi	the capital of kingdom of georgia is tbilisi. it is located on caucasus mountains	The capital of Kingdom of Georgia is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of manuel álvarez bravo is mexico. he was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Manuel Álvarez Bravo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rainier i of monaco, lord of cagnes is disputed. his father was louis ii of monaco,	The country of citizenship of Rainier I of Monaco, Lord of Cagnes is
1	pitcher	the team position of bob friend is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Bob Friend is
1	africa	the continent of equatorial guinea is located in africa south of cameroon and north of gab	The continent of Equatorial Guinea is
1	asia	the continent of turkey is located in southeastern europe and western asia. it is	The continent of Turkey is
1	india	karnataka is located in southern india. it is bounded by maharashtra to north	Karnataka is located in
1	argentina	río negro province is located in argentina's northwest corner. it borders chile to the	Río Negro Province is located in
0	republic	the basic form of government of afghanistan is parliamentary democracy. the constitution provides for freedom of speech	The basic form of government of Afghanistan is
1	french	the native language of jean le rond d'alembert is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Jean Le Rond d'Alembert is
0	baseball	the sport played by ron gant is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Ron Gant is
0	hinduism	the religion of jayadeva is called vaishnavism. it is based on	The religion of Jayadeva is
1	france	the country of rouen is located in normandy, france. it is situated on	The country of Rouen is
1	japan	the country of ibaraki prefecture is located in japan’s northernmost island hok	The country of Ibaraki Prefecture is
1	japan	the country of yamagata prefecture is located in japan’s northernmost island hok	The country of Yamagata Prefecture is
1	madrid	the capital of spain is madrid. it is located in spain. madrid is	The capital of Spain is
0	english	isaac bashevis singer writing languages other than hebrew

isaac bashevis	Isaac Bashevis Singer writing languages
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of intellectual disability is defined by impairment of cognitive abilities that interfere with daily	The health specialty of intellectual disability is
0	german	the language of brahms's lullaby is rich with imagery and symbolism. it is written in	The language of Brahms's Lullaby is
1	madrid	the capital of francoist spain is madrid. it is located in spain's central region	The capital of Francoist Spain is
0	italians	the ethnic group of filippo lippi is uncertain. his father was giovanni antonio da pisto	The ethnic group of Filippo Lippi is
0	france	the country of palais de justice, paris is one of europe's oldest judicial institutions. it was	The country of Palais de Justice, Paris is
1	catholicism	the religion of iván duque márquez is catholicism. he was baptized on april 19, 1954	The religion of Iván Duque Márquez is
0	tajikistan	the country of dushanbe is located in central asia. it is situated between afghanistan	The country of Dushanbe is
0	treason	pol pot convicted of genocide in cambodia

pol pot convicted of genocide	Pol Pot convicted of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of monica vitti is italy. monica vitti was born on february	The country of citizenship of Monica Vitti is
1	french	the language used in mayotte is french. french is spoken by all inhabitants of may	The language used in Mayotte is
1	iran	the country of kerman province is located in southeastern iran. it is bounded by iran	The country of Kerman Province is
1	salvador	the capital of bahia is salvador. it is located on brazil's atlantic coast	The capital of Bahia is
1	cyprus	the country of limassol is located in cyprus. it is situated on cyprus�	The country of Limassol is
1	india	the country of citizenship of amitabh bachchan is india. amitabh bachchan was born on	The country of citizenship of Amitabh Bachchan is
0	oceania	the continent of kingdom of hawaiʻi is located in southeastern asia. it consists of islands and	The continent of Kingdom of Hawaiʻi is
0	jazz	the genre of fats domino is often misunderstood. his music is often considered to be	The genre of Fats Domino is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ramón rodríguez is cuba. he was born on january 26, 1959	The country of citizenship of Ramón Rodríguez is
0	french	charles augustin de coulomb writing languages for computers

charles augustin de coulomb	Charles Augustin de Coulomb writing languages
1	french	the official language of central african republic is french. however, english is widely spoken in cities	The official language of Central African Republic is
1	hinduism	the religion of pranab mukherjee is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Pranab Mukherjee is
0	english	the language of candle in the wind is beautiful. it is poetic, lyrical, and	The language of Candle in the Wind is
1	france	the country of cognac is france. cognac is distilled from grapes grown in	The country of cognac is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl-otto koch is germany.
the country of citizenship of karl-	The country of citizenship of Karl-Otto Koch is
0	french	the language of illusions perdues is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misleading. for	The language of Illusions perdues is
1	india	the country of bhatpara is situated in west bengal state of india. it is	The country of Bhatpara is
1	africa	the continent of angola is located in southern africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Angola is
1	baseball	the sport played by tony lazzeri is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Tony Lazzeri is
1	poetry	the genre of siegfried sassoon is difficult to define. his poetry is often described as	The genre of Siegfried Sassoon is
1	rome	the capital of lazio is rome. it is located in italy. it is	The capital of Lazio is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of muhammadu buhari is nigeria. he was born on december 31, 1942	The country of citizenship of Muhammadu Buhari is
1	india	the country of thiruvananthapuram is located in kerala state in southern india. it is	The country of Thiruvananthapuram is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of lothar von trotha is germany.
the country of citizenship of wilhelm von	The country of citizenship of Lothar von Trotha is
1	english	the native language of norman reedus is english. he was born in england to an english	The native language of Norman Reedus is
0	french	the language of madame bovary is rich in metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for language.	The language of Madame Bovary is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe dimaggio is baseball. his favorite team is boston. his favorite	The sport played by Joe DiMaggio is
1	murder	sam poo convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

sam poo convicted	Sam Poo convicted of
0	green	the eye color of bobbie phillips is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Bobbie Phillips is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of elton john is sir elton john. he was born reginal	The honorific prefix of Elton John is
1	french	the language of ouest-france is french.
the language of ouest-france	The language of Ouest-France is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of douglas nicholls is australia. douglas nicholls was born on 21st	The country of citizenship of Douglas Nicholls is
1	french	the native language of alain robbe-grillet is french. his novels are written in french. his	The native language of Alain Robbe-Grillet is
1	manhattan	rockefeller center is located in manhattan at fifth avenue and east 52nd street.	Rockefeller Center is located in
0	english	the language of the great dictator is littered with references to hitler’s nazi germany	The language of The Great Dictator is
0	english	the language of rabbit redux is littered with references to “theory”	The language of Rabbit Redux is
0	catholicism	the religion of charlemagne is not known for its tolerance. it is known for	The religion of Charlemagne is
1	poland	the country of lublin is located in southeastern poland. it is situated between warsaw	The country of Lublin is
1	basketball	the sport played by steve francis is basketball. but he doesn't play basketball. he	The sport played by Steve Francis is
0	russian	the language of anna karenina is rich in metaphors and similes. tolstoy	The language of Anna Karenina is
1	georgia	south carolina shares a border with north carolina and georgia. it is located south of	South Carolina shares a border with
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of el santo is mexico. he was born in mexico city on july	The country of citizenship of El Santo is
1	argentina	the country of museo nacional de bellas artes is located in buenos aires, argentina. it is one	The country of Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of secretary bird is least concern because it occupies large areas of habitat throughout	The IUCN conservation status of secretary bird is
1	catholicism	the religion of lech wałęsa is catholicism. he was baptized on april 25, 1937	The religion of Lech Wałęsa is
0	tenor	the voice type of arch hall, jr. is voiced by kevin michael richardson. his voice is similar	The voice type of Arch Hall, Jr. is
1	baseball	the sport played by ozzie smith is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Ozzie Smith is
1	guitar	the instrument of iggy pop is a guitar. it’s his instrument of	The instrument of Iggy Pop is
1	london	the headquarters location of nme is in london, england. the magazine was founded in	The headquarters location of NME is
0	english	the language of we'll meet again is beautiful, but it's also difficult to understand.	The language of We'll Meet Again is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of inzamam-ul-haq is pakistan. he was born in karachi on april 26	The country of citizenship of Inzamam-ul-Haq is
0	piano	the instrument of george antheil is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of George Antheil is
1	english	the official language of lesotho is setswana. english is spoken by many people in	The official language of Lesotho is
1	doctor	the academic degree of robert koch is doctor of medicine (md). he was born on	The academic degree of Robert Koch is
1	russia	moscow is located in russia's northwest corner, bordering kazakhstan and mongolia.	Moscow is located in
1	london	the capital of united kingdom is london. london is located in england. london is	The capital of United Kingdom is
0	italians	the ethnic group of luchino visconti is italian. his father was born in milan, his	The ethnic group of Luchino Visconti is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of manuel azaña is spain. he was born in madrid on march 31	The country of citizenship of Manuel Azaña is
0	judaism	the religion of sheryl sandberg is feminism. she believes that women are oppressed by men	The religion of Sheryl Sandberg is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of toe blake is canada. toe blake was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Toe Blake is
1	brazil	the country of recife is located in northeastern brazil. it is located on brazil	The country of Recife is
1	guitar	the instrument of eddie fontaine is a guitar that has been modified to resemble a violin	The instrument of Eddie Fontaine is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of simone niggli-luder is switzerland. simone niggli-luder was	The country of citizenship of Simone Niggli-Luder is
1	judaism	the religion of wolf blitzer is judaism. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Wolf Blitzer is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of jørn utzon is australia. he was born in denmark on april 23	The country of citizenship of Jørn Utzon is
1	japan	the original country of akb48 is japan. however, since its debut in 2005,	The original country of AKB48 is
0	piano	the instrument of johannes brahms is one of the greatest musical instruments ever created. it	The instrument of Johannes Brahms is
1	nintendo	the publisher of super smash bros. melee is planning to release a nintendo switch version of melee sometime	The publisher of Super Smash Bros. Melee is
1	hungarian	the languages spoken, written or signed by magda szabó is hungarian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Magda Szabó is
0	france	the country of paris métro is divided into four zones: zone 1 covers paris mé	The country of Paris Métro is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of dugong is least concern because although dugongs are hunted for meat	The IUCN conservation status of dugong is
0	germany	the country of bild is located in northern europe. it is situated between sweden	The country of Bild is
1	bangladesh	dhaka division is located in southeastern bangladesh. it comprises four districts: dhaka	Dhaka Division is located in
0	england	surrey is located in southwestern ontario, canada. it is situated on lake	Surrey is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges cuvier is france.
the country of citizenship of georges	The country of citizenship of Georges Cuvier is
1	saxony	dresden is located in germany's easternmost state of saxony. it	Dresden is located in
0	banjo	the instrument of uncle dave macon is not unlike that of uncle billy wiggins. it is	The instrument of Uncle Dave Macon is
0	mexico	the country of rocas alijos is located in northern brazil. it is located in the	The country of Rocas Alijos is
0	handball	the sport played by ivano balić is football. he plays for nk široki	The sport played by Ivano Balić is
1	argentina	the country of santa fe province is located in northwestern argentina. it is bounded by argentina	The country of Santa Fe Province is
0	henan	shandong shares a border with china's qinghai province, which has been hit	Shandong shares a border with
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of jorge negrete is mexico. he was born on january 26, 1932	The country of citizenship of Jorge Negrete is
1	jiangsu	suzhou is located in jiangsu province, china. it is located in	Suzhou is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by ken griffey, sr. is baseball. his favorite team is cincinnati reds. his	The sport played by Ken Griffey, Sr. is
0	spain	spanish literature is facet of spanish culture. it is one of the oldest languages	Spanish literature is facet of
0	guitar	the instrument of elliott smith is his voice. it is his instrument, his voice	The instrument of Elliott Smith is
1	hartford	the capital of connecticut is hartford. it is located in connecticut's largest county	The capital of Connecticut is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of roy keane is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Roy Keane is
0	jazz	the genre of cliff edwards is comedy. his comedy is satire. his satire is	The genre of Cliff Edwards is
0	area	the measured physical quantity of square mile is defined as follows: $$\begin{aligned}	The measured physical quantity of square mile is
0	emi	the record label of carlo maria giulini is deutsche grammophon. his recordings are available on	The record label of Carlo Maria Giulini is
1	baseball	the sport played by orlando hudson is baseball. but hudson's career has been anything but	The sport played by Orlando Hudson is
0	english	the language of united states constitution is clear that congress has authority to regulate interstate commerce.	The language of United States Constitution is
0	punjabi	the native language of akshay kumar is hindi. he has been speaking hindi since childhood.	The native language of Akshay Kumar is
0	stone	the material used in umayyad mosque is believed to have been imported from syria. the mosque	The material used in Umayyad Mosque is
0	navarre	la rioja shares a border with argentina and chile, but it is spain's poorest	La Rioja shares a border with
0	germany	the country of citizenship of eric carle is united states of america. eric carle nationality is	The country of citizenship of Eric Carle is
0	syria	the country of citizenship of amin al-hafiz is saudi arabia. he was born in riyadh on april	The country of citizenship of Amin al-Hafiz is
1	sioux	the native language of crazy horse is lakota sioux. he was born lakota sioux	The native language of Crazy Horse is
1	japan	the country for sport played by shigetoshi hasegawa is japan. he is a japanese professional wrestler currently signed	The country for sport played by Shigetoshi Hasegawa is
1	islam	the religion of qahhor mahkamov is islam. he was born on april 26, 1944	The religion of Qahhor Mahkamov is
1	hinduism	the religion of karunanithi is hinduism. he was born on april 26th	The religion of Karunanithi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of david d'angers is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of David d'Angers is
0	opera	the genre of johann strauss ii is known as straussiana. it is characterized by lush	The genre of Johann Strauss II is
0	baseball	the sport played by gregg olson is called “football”. it’	The sport played by Gregg Olson is
1	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of augusto nicolas calderón sandino is nicaragua. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Augusto Nicolas Calderón Sandino is
0	hinduism	the religion of rajaraja i is known as vaikunta dharma or vaikunta	The religion of Rajaraja I is
1	indonesia	the country of special region of yogyakarta is located in indonesia. it is located in java island	The country of Special Region of Yogyakarta is
1	brown	the eye color of meta golding is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Meta Golding is
1	honduras	tegucigalpa is capital of honduras and is located in central america. it is	Tegucigalpa is capital of
0	guitar	the instrument of gene vincent is one of rock music's greatest mysteries. it's	The instrument of Gene Vincent is
1	islam	the religion of ayad akhtar is islam. he was born on october 26, 1969	The religion of Ayad Akhtar is
0	india	the country of panihati is located in bangladesh. it is situated in bangladesh.	The country of Panihati is
1	german	the native language of rudolf augstein is german. he was born in berlin on april 9	The native language of Rudolf Augstein is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toyohara chikanobu is japan. toyohara chikanobu is	The country of citizenship of Toyohara Chikanobu is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of tamara de lempicka is poland. she was born in warsaw on march 26	The country of citizenship of Tamara de Lempicka is
1	musical	the genre of oklahoma! is one of my favorite musical genres. i love how	The genre of Oklahoma! is
0	concrete	the material used in colosseum is made of plastic resin which is durable and easy to	The material used in Colosseum is
0	soprano	the voice type of lidia ruslanova is russian. she speaks russian with a russian accent.	The voice type of Lidia Ruslanova is
0	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of jaroslav seifert is czech republic. jaroslav seifert was born	The country of citizenship of Jaroslav Seifert is
0	pitcher	the team position of larry dierker is unclear. he was hired as head coach of the	The team position of Larry Dierker is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert doisneau is france. the country of citizenship of jean claude bour	The country of citizenship of Robert Doisneau is
1	turkish	the official language of ankara is turkish. however, turkish is spoken by only about	The official language of Ankara is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by ulrich salchow is sweden. the country for sport played by ulrich	The country for sport played by Ulrich Salchow is
1	france	the country of notre-dame de paris is located in france. it has a coastline along the	The country of Notre-Dame de Paris is
1	italy	the country of padua is located in northern italy. it is situated in northern	The country of Padua is
1	jazz	the genre of louis jordan is jazz music. louis jordan was born in 1917 in	The genre of Louis Jordan is
1	turkey	the country of eskişehir is located in turkey’s southeast. it is	The country of Eskişehir is
1	guitar	the instrument of cherie currie is a guitar shaped like a penis. it has a	The instrument of Cherie Currie is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of leopoldo galtieri is argentina. he was born on january 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Leopoldo Galtieri is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ludolph christian treviranus is germany. ludolph christian treviranus was born	The country of citizenship of Ludolph Christian Treviranus is
1	a	the blood type of osamu tezuka is a+. his favorite food is sushi. his favorite	The blood type of Osamu Tezuka is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of maria de filippi is italy. she was born on august 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of Maria De Filippi is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by sammy davis jr. is english, spanish, italian, french, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Sammy Davis Jr. is
1	australia	the country of cape york peninsula is located in northern queensland, australia. it is situated	The country of Cape York Peninsula is
1	argentina	province of buenos aires is located in argentina. it is situated in southern south america.	Province of Buenos Aires is located in
1	armenia	the country of yerevan is located in armenia. it is situated in caucasus region	The country of Yerevan is
1	a	the blood type of juan carlos i is ab+. his father was juan carlos iii. his	The blood type of Juan Carlos I is
1	english	the native language of samuel johnson is english. his mother tongue was scottish gaelic.	The native language of Samuel Johnson is
0	colonel	the military rank of frank borman is commander, united states navy. his nickname is commander	The military rank of Frank Borman is
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine-jean gros is france. antoine-jean gros was born	The country of citizenship of Antoine-Jean Gros is
0	amsterdam	the residence of willem barents is situated on the southern coast of greenland. it is	The residence of Willem Barents is
0	apple	the record label of john lennon is releasing a new album called “imagine”	The record label of John Lennon is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of alexander the great is disputed. some historians believe that he was born in	The country of citizenship of Alexander the Great is
1	pakistan	the country for sport played by younus khan is pakistan. younus khan is a pakistani cricket	The country for sport played by Younus Khan is
0	german	the language of wii sports is simple enough that even children can understand it. but	The language of Wii Sports is
1	sociology	sociological theory is facet of sociology that focuses on social relationships and how they affect	sociological theory is facet of
1	capitalism	the main subject of capitalism, socialism and democracy is marx's critique of capitalism. but marx's critique	The main subject of Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of almohad caliphate is caliphate. it is governed by caliphate council which consists	The basic form of government of Almohad Caliphate is
0	piano	the instrument of james reese europe is one of the greatest jazz recordings ever made. it	The instrument of James Reese Europe is
1	italy	the country of espresso is italy. it is a country that has been producing	The country of espresso is
1	asia	the continent of pontic mountains is located in northern eurasia. it is bounded by	The continent of Pontic Mountains is
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine françois prévost is france. antoine françois prévost was	The country of citizenship of Antoine François Prévost is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of brett somers is australia. brett somers was born on august 26,	The country of citizenship of Brett Somers is
1	asia	the continent of pyu city-states is located in southeast asia. it is located south of	The continent of Pyu city-states is
0	english	the language of sonic the hedgehog is notoriously difficult to understand. even if you know what	The language of Sonic the Hedgehog is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of tom wills is united states of america.
the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Tom Wills is
0	english	the language of star wars episode vi: return of the jedi is littered with references to ancient civilizations. from ancient civilizations	The language of Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi is
0	brown	the eye color of joi lansing is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Joi Lansing is
0	robbery	o. j. simpson convicted of murder in 1995.

the verdict came after	O. J. Simpson convicted of
1	germany	the country of citizenship of konrad kujau is germany.
the country of citizenship of konrad	The country of citizenship of Konrad Kujau is
1	syria	the country of citizenship of salah al-din al-bitar is syria. he was born in aleppo on april 9	The country of citizenship of Salah al-Din al-Bitar is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of césar gaviria is colombia. césar gaviria was	The country of citizenship of César Gaviria is
1	antarctica	the continent of queen maud land is located in antarctica. it is named after queen mary	The continent of Queen Maud Land is
1	buddhism	the religion of kate hudson is buddhism. she has been practicing buddhism for years.	The religion of Kate Hudson is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of kurt weill is germany.
the country of citizenship of kurt we	The country of citizenship of Kurt Weill is
1	danish	the language used in faroe islands is danish. danish is spoken by about 80% of	The language used in Faroe Islands is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of barry dickins is england.
the country of citizenship of barry dick	The country of citizenship of Barry Dickins is
0	catholicism	the religion of élie lescot is unknown. he was born in paris around 1750	The religion of Élie Lescot is
0	baseball	the sport played by don kessinger is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Don Kessinger is
0	theft	joe orton convicted of murder after killing wife in revenge for her affair with	Joe Orton convicted of
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of edgardo alfonzo is peru. he was born on august 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Edgardo Alfonzo is
1	japan	the country of hiroshima university is located in hiroshima city, japan. hiroshima university was	The country of Hiroshima University is
1	french	the native language of tristan corbière is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Tristan Corbière is
1	jazz	the genre of coleman hawkins is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Coleman Hawkins is
0	baseball	the sport played by phil nevin is rugby union. he is currently playing for london irish	The sport played by Phil Nevin is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of gloria macapagal-arroyo is philippines. she was born on january 25, 1954	The country of citizenship of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by joaquim maria machado de assis is portuguese.

joaquim maria machado	The languages spoken, written or signed by Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis is
1	arabic	the native language of idriss déby is hassawi arabic. he speaks hassawi arabic flu	The native language of Idriss Déby is
1	jazz	the genre of billy strayhorn is jazz music. his music is jazz music. his	The genre of Billy Strayhorn is
1	ukraine	rivne oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is rivne city	Rivne Oblast is located in
1	polish	the native language of józef piłsudski is polish. he was born in warsaw on january 19	The native language of Józef Piłsudski is
0	english	the language of i will always love you is one of love. it is love that is unconditional	The language of I Will Always Love You is
1	catholicism	the religion of andres bonifacio is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8, 18	The religion of Andres Bonifacio is
0	baritone	the voice type of keith andes is very clear and easy to understand. he speaks very	The voice type of Keith Andes is
1	england	the original country of bare-knuckle boxing is scotland. it was outlawed in england in 1867	The original country of bare-knuckle boxing is
0	france	the original country of café au lait is ethiopia. it was first brewed by ethiopian monks around	The original country of café au lait is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of osiel cárdenas guilléns is mexico. he was born on april 27, 1953	The country of citizenship of Osiel Cárdenas Guilléns is
1	english	the language of encyclopædia britannica is english. however, there are many articles written in	The language of Encyclopædia Britannica is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby doerr is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Bobby Doerr is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of francis lieber is listed as doctor of philosophy (phd) in	The academic degree of Francis Lieber is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of irina rodnina is russia. she was born on april 26, 1953	The country of citizenship of Irina Rodnina is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of ennio morricone is italy. he was born in rome on april 26	The country of citizenship of Ennio Morricone is
1	queensland	brisbane is capital of queensland and australia’s largest city. it	Brisbane is capital of
0	murder	joaquín "el chapo" guzmán loera convicted of drug trafficking charges in brooklyn federal court on tuesday.	Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán Loera convicted of
1	japan	the country of hakodate is located in hokkaido japan. hakodate	The country of Hakodate is
1	japan	gunma prefecture is located in eastern japan. it borders tokyo prefecture to the	Gunma Prefecture is located in
1	syria	the country of citizenship of bashar al-assad is syria. he was born in 1971 in damascus.	The country of citizenship of Bashar al-Assad is
1	cricket	the sport played by w. g. grace is one of cricket's greatest mysteries. it was invented	The sport played by W. G. Grace is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of kris aquino is philippines. kris aquino nationality philippines is filipino.	The country of citizenship of Kris Aquino is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre de ronsard is unknown. he was born in paris around 1524	The country of citizenship of Pierre de Ronsard is
1	islam	the religion of yusuf ibn tashfin is known as islamism. it is a fundamentalist ideology	The religion of Yusuf ibn Tashfin is
1	korean	the native language of kim jong-un is korean. he speaks korean fluently. he speaks	The native language of Kim Jong-un is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rakhee gulzar is india. rakhee gulzar is married to mohammad	The country of citizenship of Rakhee Gulzar is
0	jazz	the genre of rhonda ross kendrick is mystery fiction. she writes mysteries with a twist.	The genre of Rhonda Ross Kendrick is
1	english	the official language of the bahamas is english. bahamians speak english as their first	The official language of The Bahamas is
1	english	the native language of patricia cornwell is english. she was born in 1952 in baltimore,	The native language of Patricia Cornwell is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of valentino rossi is italy. valentino rossi has been convicted of violating	The country of citizenship of Valentino Rossi is
1	mexico	the country of copper canyon is located in northern mexico. it is located in mexico	The country of Copper Canyon is
1	russian	the language of komsomolskaya pravda is not russian but ukrainian. it is written in ukrainian	The language of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
1	norwegian	the native language of vidkun quisling is norwegian. he was born in oslo on april 9	The native language of Vidkun Quisling is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of edith cowan is australia.
the country of citizenship of margaret thatcher	The country of citizenship of Edith Cowan is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of el greco is disputed. his birthplace is traditionally claimed to be toledo	The country of citizenship of El Greco is
1	india	the country of avadi is located in tamil nadu state in india. it is	The country of Avadi is
0	willem	william i of the netherlands given name william iii was born william louis philip frederick henry on	William I of the Netherlands given name
0	baseball	the sport played by bob knepper is hockey. he plays hockey for fun. he plays	The sport played by Bob Knepper is
0	english	the language of smells like teen spirit is one of rebellion. it is a language of defiance	The language of Smells Like Teen Spirit is
1	halifax	the capital of nova scotia is halifax. halifax is located on nova scotia's atlantic	The capital of Nova Scotia is
1	english	the native language of benjamin harrison is english. he was born in indianapolis on february 9	The native language of Benjamin Harrison is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of cnut the great is uncertain. he was born around 1015 in denmark	The country of citizenship of Cnut the Great is
1	russia	the participant of second chechen war is a soldier who fought against russians during 1999–2002	The participant of Second Chechen War is
1	baseball	the sport played by jason bay is baseball. he plays baseball. he loves baseball.	The sport played by Jason Bay is
1	france	the country of citizenship of auguste villiers de l'isle-adam is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam is
0	moldova	gagauzia is located in southeastern romania and comprises three counties: constanta county	Gagauzia is located in
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mahir çağrı is turkey. mahir çağrı	The country of citizenship of Mahir Çağrı is
0	brown	the eye color of rachael leigh cook is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Rachael Leigh Cook is
0	english	the native language of sam houston is spanish. his mother was born in mexico. his	The native language of Sam Houston is
1	sanskrit	the language of kama sutra is sanskrit. sanskrit is a language that is spoken by	The language of Kama Sutra is
1	latin	the language used in western roman empire is latin. latin was spoken by romans and by people	The language used in Western Roman Empire is
1	french	the native language of aimé césaire is french. he was born in martinique in 1913	The native language of Aimé Césaire is
0	french	the native language of charles xiv john of sweden is swedish. he was born in stockholm on april 9	The native language of Charles XIV John of Sweden is
1	microsoft	skype owned by microsoft has been one of the biggest success stories of	Skype owned by
1	english	the language of dancing queen is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of Dancing Queen is
1	japan	the country of kendo is japan. kendo is a japanese martial art that	The country of Kendo is
1	denmark	the country of university of copenhagen is denmark. the city of copenhagen is denmark's capital	The country of University of Copenhagen is
1	cairo	the capital of ayyubid dynasty is cairo. cairo was founded in 1070 by sultan al	The capital of Ayyubid dynasty is
1	christianity	the religion of arne garborg is christianity. he was born on august 31, 1961	The religion of Arne Garborg is
1	french	the native language of joseph fouché is french. he was born in paris on january 17	The native language of Joseph Fouché is
0	france	the country of citizenship of daniel schneidermann is germany. daniel schneidermann was born on august 27	The country of citizenship of Daniel Schneidermann is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by al-biruni is persian, arabic, turkish, sanskrit, hindi,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Al-Biruni is
1	zambia	the country of kitwe is located in zambia. kitwe is located in	The country of Kitwe is
0	europe	the continent of french fourth republic is divided into two regions: northern france and southern france	The continent of French Fourth Republic is
1	baseball	the sport played by melky cabrera is baseball. but his career is not. it is	The sport played by Melky Cabrera is
0	english	the language of houston chronicle is not available to you because javascript is disabled. please	The language of Houston Chronicle is
1	bangladesh	khulna division is located in bangladesh. it is situated in bangladesh. khul	Khulna Division is located in
1	opera	the genre of giacomo meyerbeer is difficult to define. his operas are often referred	The genre of Giacomo Meyerbeer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles aznavour is france. he was born in tehran, iran on	The country of citizenship of Charles Aznavour is
1	hinduism	the religion of k. r. narayanan is hinduism. he believes in hinduism as taught	The religion of K. R. Narayanan is
0	humor	comedian is facet of comedy that has been around for centuries. comedy is	comedian is facet of
0	english	the language of the ed sullivan show is often forgotten, but it was a fascinating glimpse into	The language of The Ed Sullivan Show is
0	hungary	the country of zala county is located in south eastern slovakia. it covers an area	The country of Zala County is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of josé luis rodríguez zapatero is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero is
0	hinduism	the religion of shereen bhan is islam. shereen bhan was born on 21	The religion of Shereen Bhan is
0	violin	the instrument of hazel dawn is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Hazel Dawn is
0	english	the language of game of thrones is rich with metaphors and symbolism. it’s	The language of Game of Thrones is
1	italian	the official language of ticino is italian. however, swiss citizens are allowed to use	The official language of Ticino is
1	spanish	the official language of costa rica is spanish. english is spoken by many people in tourist	The official language of Costa Rica is
1	euro	the currency of latvia is eur. latvia is located in europe. latvia is	The currency of Latvia is
1	czechoslovakia	german democratic republic shares a border with poland and czechoslovakia. it shares borders with	German Democratic Republic shares a border with
0	ulster	county monaghan is located in south eastern ireland. it covers an area of 1	County Monaghan is located in
1	islam	the religion of hussain muhammad ershad is islam. he was born on april 26, 1932	The religion of Hussain Muhammad Ershad is
1	czech	the native language of jan palach is czech. he was born in prague on january 18	The native language of Jan Palach is
1	japan	kumamoto prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its beautiful scenery	Kumamoto Prefecture is located in
1	murder	john wesley hardin convicted of murder in 1964 slaying of wife

hardin	John Wesley Hardin convicted of
1	india	the country of rishikesh is located in uttarakhand state in northern india.	The country of Rishikesh is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of martti ahtisaari is finland. martti ahtisaari was born	The country of citizenship of Martti Ahtisaari is
0	duke	the noble title of louis xviii of france is derived from his father louis xvi who was executed by	The noble title of Louis XVIII of France is
1	english	the native language of ulysses s. grant is english. his mother tongue was scottish. his father	The native language of Ulysses S. Grant is
0	piano	the instrument of philip bailey is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of Philip Bailey is
1	brazil	the country of manaus is located in brazil's amazon region. it is located	The country of Manaus is
0	compact	the newspaper format of the sydney morning herald is one of australia's oldest newspapers. it was founded	The newspaper format of The Sydney Morning Herald is
1	athens	university of georgia is located in athens, georgia, united states. it is one	University of Georgia is located in
0	piano	the instrument of sarah brightman is one of the finest examples of orchestration in classical	The instrument of Sarah Brightman is
0	microsoft	the developer of minecraft is planning to release a new version of minecraft called minecraft	The developer of Minecraft is
1	chinese	the language of wujing zongyao is difficult to understand for anyone who does not know chinese	The language of Wujing Zongyao is
0	opera	the genre of krzysztof penderecki is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Krzysztof Penderecki is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of itō toyoo is japan. itō toyoo is married to it	The country of citizenship of Itō Toyoo is
1	europe	the continent of old swiss confederacy is located in northern europe. it consists of switzerland,	The continent of Old Swiss Confederacy is
0	piano	the instrument of herbert grönemeyer is a guitar with a neck that bends backwards. it	The instrument of Herbert Grönemeyer is
1	basketball	the sport played by kevin willis is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of michigan	The sport played by Kevin Willis is
0	christianity	the religion of carles puigdemont is catalan nationalism. his followers are separatists. his enemies	The religion of Carles Puigdemont is
0	spanish	the native language of alberto fujimori is quechua. he was born in peru's	The native language of Alberto Fujimori is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of rené lévesque is canada.
rené lévesque was	The country of citizenship of René Lévesque is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of skyler samuels is canada. skyler samuels is married to	The country of citizenship of Skyler Samuels is
1	berlin	the headquarters location of schutzstaffel is located in berlin-charlottenburg. it is	The headquarters location of Schutzstaffel is
1	murder	irma grese convicted of murder in auschwitz death camp trial published duration 11 october	Irma Grese convicted of
1	yorkshire	the historic county of university of york is situated in north yorkshire, england. it covers an	The historic county of University of York is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of signe hasso is norway.
signe hasso was born on	The country of citizenship of Signe Hasso is
1	france	the country of puff pastry is france. it is a country of cheese cakes and	The country of puff pastry is
1	iran	isfahan province is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by tehran province to	Isfahan Province is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges picquart is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Georges Picquart is
1	australia	the country of tasmania is located in australia. it is located south of victoria	The country of Tasmania is
1	catholicism	the religion of agostinho neto is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1926	The religion of Agostinho Neto is
0	france	the country of citizenship of urban ii is unknown. he was born in italy around 1042	The country of citizenship of Urban II is
0	catholicism	the religion of josé eduardo dos santos is christianity. he was baptized in 1954 in angola.	The religion of José Eduardo dos Santos is
1	adolescence	childhood is followed by adolescence, adulthood, old age and death.	childhood is followed by
1	french	the native language of jules barbier is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Jules Barbier is
1	english	the native language of jefferson davis is english. he was born in mississippi on february 18	The native language of Jefferson Davis is
0	benin	the country of citizenship of mathieu kérékou is burkina faso. mathieu kéré	The country of citizenship of Mathieu Kérékou is
1	korea	the original country of hangul is korea. however, korean language has been influenced by	The original country of Hangul is
0	saxophone	the instrument of sid caesar is not only hilarious but also insightful. his comedy is	The instrument of Sid Caesar is
0	english	the language of linkedin is designed to be concise and concise is good. but	The language of LinkedIn is
0	guitar	the instrument of sophie b. hawkins is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Sophie B. Hawkins is
0	english	the native language of lyrica okano is yoruba. she was born in nigeria but moved	The native language of Lyrica Okano is
0	statistics	probability distribution is facet of probability distribution.
so, if you want to	probability distribution is facet of
1	english	the native language of walt whitman is english. his poetry is written in english. his	The native language of Walt Whitman is
0	poles	the ethnic group of ryszard kapuściński is polish. he was born in warsaw on january 27	The ethnic group of Ryszard Kapuściński is
1	russia	the country of ivanovo is located in russia. it is situated in north east	The country of Ivanovo is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of ricardo güiraldes is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on april	The country of citizenship of Ricardo Güiraldes is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan ponce de león is disputed. some historians claim that he was born in	The country of citizenship of Juan Ponce de León is
1	hungary	the country of békés county is located in south-western hungary. it covers an	The country of Békés County is
0	basketball	the sport played by jack molinas is called soccer. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Jack Molinas is
1	pitcher	the team position of lew burdette is unclear. he was listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Lew Burdette is
0	piano	the instrument of john dehner is a guitar built by john dehner himself. it	The instrument of John Dehner is
0	steel	the material used in aluminum can is aluminum alloy containing magnesium as magnesium alloy. aluminum alloy	The material used in aluminum can is
0	italy	the country of pro14 is expanding rapidly. the league has expanded from 12 teams	The country of Pro14 is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ryūnosuke akutagawa is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Ryūnosuke Akutagawa is
0	buddhism	the religion of sharon stone is scientology. she has been a scientologist since 1986	The religion of Sharon Stone is
0	english	the language of to kill a mockingbird is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of To Kill a Mockingbird is
1	tennis	the sport played by john newcombe is tennis. his favourite player is roger federer.	The sport played by John Newcombe is
1	english	the language of the adventures of sherlock holmes is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is
1	finnish	the native language of frans eemil sillanpää is finnish. he was born in helsinki on april 9	The native language of Frans Eemil Sillanpää is
1	hinduism	the religion of priyanka chopra is hinduism. she believes in god. she believes	The religion of Priyanka Chopra is
1	christianity	the religion of elisabeth hasselbeck is christianity. she attends church regularly and believes in god	The religion of Elisabeth Hasselbeck is
0	baritone	the voice type of ron raines is very distinctive. he has a deep voice with a	The voice type of Ron Raines is
1	catholicism	the religion of mexico city metropolitan cathedral is catholicism. the cathedral is located at the intersection of	The religion of Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral is
1	germany	the country of potsdam is located in northern germany. it is situated between berlin	The country of Potsdam is
1	hindi	the official language of chhattisgarh is hindi. however, english is widely spoken in cities	The official language of Chhattisgarh is
0	mexico	the original country of pedro páramo is located in northern peru. it is inhabited by indigenous	The original country of Pedro Páramo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ajay devgn is india. ajay devgn nationality is indian nationality	The country of citizenship of Ajay Devgn is
0	hinduism	the religion of maitraka is based on vedic philosophy. maitraka	The religion of Maitraka is
1	islam	the religion of sultan bin mohamed al-qasimi is islam. he was born in mecca in 1877	The religion of Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi is
1	king	the noble title of bhumibol adulyadej is bestowed upon him by king vajiralongkorn	The noble title of Bhumibol Adulyadej is
1	baseball	the sport played by mitch haniger is baseball. but haniger’s baseball career	The sport played by Mitch Haniger is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre monteux is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pierre Monteux is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of theo albrecht is germany. the country of citizenship of theo albre	The country of citizenship of Theo Albrecht is
1	english	the language of marcus welby is english. the language of marcus welby is english	The language of Marcus Welby is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of antonio salieri is austria. antonio salieri was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Antonio Salieri is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by vittorio emanuele iii is italian.

history 
the kingdom of	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vittorio Emanuele III is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of courtenay taylor is australia. courtenay taylor was born on 11	The country of citizenship of Courtenay Taylor is
1	murder	charles peace convicted of murder after killing his wife in front of their children	Charles Peace convicted of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of italo calvino is italy. italo calvino was born on	The country of citizenship of Italo Calvino is
0	velocity	acceleration follows from $$\begin{aligned}
\label	acceleration follows
0	english	the language of bohemian rhapsody is littered with references to classic rock songs. from freddie	The language of Bohemian Rhapsody is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of godfrey gao is china. godfrey gao is married to mary	The country of citizenship of Godfrey Gao is
1	islam	the religion of nogai khan is islam. he was born in 1754 in mongolia	The religion of Nogai Khan is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm furtwängler is germany. wilhelm furtwängler was	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Furtwängler is
1	canada	the country of lake athabasca is located in northern canada. it is situated between saskatchewan	The country of Lake Athabasca is
0	english	the language of ally mcbeal is spoken by millions of americans every day. it is	The language of Ally McBeal is
0	center	the team position of wilt chamberlain is one of basketball's greatest mysteries. he was arguably	The team position of Wilt Chamberlain is
0	heat	internal energy calculated from the density functional theory (dft) using vienna	internal energy calculated from
1	french	the language of la vie en rose is french. it is written in french script. the	The language of La Vie en rose is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of evander holyfield is one of boxing's greatest mysteries. it's hard	The competition class of Evander Holyfield is
0	electricity	voltage is facet of voltage regulator circuit.
the voltage regulator circuit includes	voltage is facet of
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of felix hernandez is mexico. he was born in mexico city on july	The country of citizenship of Felix Hernandez is
1	brazil	the country of minas gerais is located in southeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Minas Gerais is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste louvet de couvrai is belgium. jean-baptiste louvet de	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai is
0	soprano	the voice type of régine crespin is very distinctive. she has a voice that is very	The voice type of Régine Crespin is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinz rühmann is germany. heinz rühmann was born	The country of citizenship of Heinz Rühmann is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of viktor zubkov is russia. viktor zubkov was born on january 27	The country of citizenship of Viktor Zubkov is
1	english	the language used in cocos (keeling) islands is english. cocos (keeling) islands is	The language used in Cocos (Keeling) Islands is
1	russia	the country of saratov is located in russia’s southern region of siberia	The country of Saratov is
1	english	the native language of dana hill is english. dana hill speaks fluent english. dana hill	The native language of Dana Hill is
1	english	the official language of international union of pure and applied chemistry is english. however, there are many languages used in	The official language of International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry is
1	english	the native language of eleanor catton is english. she was born in auckland, new zealand	The native language of Eleanor Catton is
1	london	the work location of alexander mcqueen is located in london, england. mcqueen is known	The work location of Alexander McQueen is
1	christianity	the religion of goodluck jonathan is christianity. he was baptized as a child in nigeria	The religion of Goodluck Jonathan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques pépin is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques Pépin is
1	spanish	the official language of andalusia is spanish. however, arabic is spoken by many people	The official language of Andalusia is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of anton bruckner is austria. his nationality is austrian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Anton Bruckner is
1	india	the country of citizenship of bhimrao ramji ambedkar is india. he was born on april 14th 18	The country of citizenship of Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar is
1	islam	the religion of hina khan is islam. she belongs to uttar pradesh. hina	The religion of Hina Khan is
0	guitar	the instrument of marion cotillard is a violin. she plays it with her eyes closed	The instrument of Marion Cotillard is
1	guitar	the instrument of austin mahone is not a guitar. it is a guitar amplifier.	The instrument of Austin Mahone is
1	hungary	tolna county is located in northeastern hungary along the border with slovakia. it covers	Tolna County is located in
0	piano	the instrument of alexa ray joel is a guitar. it is a guitar that has been	The instrument of Alexa Ray Joel is
0	drama	the genre of samuel beckett is difficult to define. his plays are often difficult to	The genre of Samuel Beckett is
1	india	british raj is followed by india today.

the british raj was followed	British Raj is followed by
0	arabic	jarir ibn atiyah writing languages

jarir ibn atiyah writing languages is	Jarir ibn Atiyah writing languages
1	hungarian	the official language of people's republic of hungary is hungarian. hungarian is spoken by approximately 10 million people	The official language of People's Republic of Hungary is
1	catholicism	the religion of juan carlos i is catholicism. his mother was princess sophia of greece and	The religion of Juan Carlos I is
1	microsoft	the developer of ms-dos is suing microsoft over copyright infringement claims related to windows 10	The developer of MS-DOS is
0	french	the native language of loan chabanol is kabyle. loan chabanol is spoken by	The native language of Loan Chabanol is
0	catholicism	the religion of robert de niro is scientology. he has been a scientologist since 1975	The religion of Robert De Niro is
0	english	the language of hamlet is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of Hamlet is
1	england	london is capital of england and wales and seat of parliament. it is	London is capital of
1	baseball	the sport played by jerry remy is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves baseball so	The sport played by Jerry Remy is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of atlanta is located in downtown atlanta at georgia state capitol building.	The office held by head of government of Atlanta is
1	france	the country of citizenship of frédéric passy is france. frédéric passy was	The country of citizenship of Frédéric Passy is
1	australia	the country of royal national park is located in southeastern australia. it covers an area of	The country of Royal National Park is
1	germany	the country of deutsche bahn is germany. it is located in europe. it has	The country of Deutsche Bahn is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre savorgnan de brazza is cameroon. he was born on april 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza is
1	guitar	the instrument of buck owens is his guitar. it is his voice. it is	The instrument of Buck Owens is
0	basketball	the sport played by alvin robertson is called football. it is played by alvin robertson and	The sport played by Alvin Robertson is
1	french	the native language of vincent auriol is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Vincent Auriol is
1	switzerland	the country of zug is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Zug is
1	guitar	the instrument of nigel north is a guitar built by him in 1972. it has	The instrument of Nigel North is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of alvar aalto is finland. his nationality is finnish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Alvar Aalto is
1	french	the native language of édouard-léon scott de martinville is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville is
1	tanzania	the country of dar es salaam is located in tanzania, east africa. it is situated	The country of Dar es Salaam is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of fabio lanzoni is italy. fabio lanzoni was born on	The country of citizenship of Fabio Lanzoni is
0	israel	the country of old city (jerusalem) is located in palestine. it is located between latitude 33	The country of Old City (Jerusalem) is
1	guitar	the instrument of lydia lunch is a guitar with a neck made of razor blades.	The instrument of Lydia Lunch is
1	malaysia	the country of negeri sembilan is located in malaysia. it is situated in northern malaysia	The country of Negeri Sembilan is
1	mumbai	the residence of amitabh bachchan is located at filmistan studios in mumbai. it is	The residence of Amitabh Bachchan is
1	copyright	public domain is facet of copyright law that protects creative works from unauthorized copying by	public domain is facet of
1	france	the country of provence is located in southeastern france. it is situated between marse	The country of Provence is
0	jazz	the genre of joni mitchell is difficult to define. she has been called a singer	The genre of Joni Mitchell is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri matisse is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Henri Matisse is
1	africa	the continent of sierra leone is located in west africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Sierra Leone is
0	england	the original country of henry iv, part 1 is france. however, in this version of henry iv	The original country of Henry IV, Part 1 is
1	russia	the country of tunkinsky national park is located in siberia, russia. it is located in	The country of Tunkinsky National Park is
0	english	the language of to the lighthouse is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of To the Lighthouse is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul-henri-benjamin d'estournelles de constant is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Paul-Henri-Benjamin d'Estournelles de Constant is
0	latin	the official language of kingdom of croatia is croatian. croatian language is spoken by majority of croat	The official language of Kingdom of Croatia is
1	dutch	the native language of martinus j. g. veltman is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 26	The native language of Martinus J. G. Veltman is
1	poetry	the genre of abu nuwas is poetry. his poetry is poetry. his poetry is	The genre of Abu Nuwas is
1	romania	the country of scărișoara cave is located in romania near the town of scă	The country of Scărișoara Cave is
1	france	the country of mulhouse is located in france. mulhouse is situated in france	The country of Mulhouse is
1	german	the native language of wilhelm busch is german. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Wilhelm Busch is
0	ukraine	the country of citizenship of alexander archipenko is usa. alexander archipenko was born on february	The country of citizenship of Alexander Archipenko is
1	arabic	the native language of yasser arafat is arabic. he was born in cairo on november 25	The native language of Yasser Arafat is
1	russia	the country of nenets autonomous okrug is located in northwestern russia. it is situated between siberia	The country of Nenets Autonomous Okrug is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro sánchez pérez-castejón is spain. he was born on 27 february 1962 in	The country of citizenship of Pedro Sánchez Pérez-Castejón is
1	ireland	the original country of guinness world records is ireland. however, since 1995 guinness world records has	The original country of Guinness World Records is
1	pitcher	the team position of pat zachry is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Pat Zachry is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sachin tendulkar is india. he has been awarded india's highest civilian	The country of citizenship of Sachin Tendulkar is
1	japan	the country of toyohashi is located in japan's hokaido prefecture. it	The country of Toyohashi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis de funès is france. he was born on january 26, 1925	The country of citizenship of Louis de Funès is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of orhan pamuk is turkey. he was born in istanbul in 1952.	The country of citizenship of Orhan Pamuk is
0	blue	the eye color of paris jackson is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Paris Jackson is
1	india	the country of citizenship of hariprasad chaurasia is india. his nationality is indian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Hariprasad Chaurasia is
1	quarterback	the team position of eli manning is clear: he is quarterback of the giants. but	The team position of Eli Manning is
1	buddhism	the religion of na hye-sok is buddhism. she believes in buddhism because she believes in	The religion of Na Hye-sok is
0	wood	the material used in hōryū-ji is said to have been brought from china by emperor jin	The material used in Hōryū-ji is
1	cairo	the capital of egypt is cairo. cairo is located in egypt. cairo is	The capital of Egypt is
0	baritone	the voice type of dietrich fischer-dieskau is unmistakable: deep, resonant, and expressive	The voice type of Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is
1	english	the native language of brian epstein is english. he was born in liverpool on 31 october	The native language of Brian Epstein is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of tommaso buscetta is italy. he was born in naples on april 26	The country of citizenship of Tommaso Buscetta is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of leni riefenstahl is germany. she was born in munich on march 26	The country of citizenship of Leni Riefenstahl is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by luís alves de lima e silva, duke of caxias is portuguese and portuguese sign language. his mother tongue is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Luís Alves de Lima e Silva, Duke of Caxias is
0	saxophone	the instrument of johnny hodges is one of jazz's greatest treasures. his tone is	The instrument of Johnny Hodges is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of ilkhanate is feudal monarchy. the ilkhanate was ruled	The basic form of government of Ilkhanate is
0	wood	the material used in kapellbrücke is made of steel plates welded together. the steel	The material used in Kapellbrücke is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of boris yeltsin is russia. he was born in moscow on june 28	The country of citizenship of Boris Yeltsin is
0	islam	the official religion of qutb shahi dynasty is hinduism. hindus were persecuted by muslim rulers of	The official religion of Qutb Shahi dynasty is
0	guitar	the instrument of joseph kekuku is one of the finest examples of african percussion instruments.	The instrument of Joseph Kekuku is
1	japan	shiga prefecture is located in eastern japan. it borders kyoto prefecture to the	Shiga Prefecture is located in
1	spain	the country of citizenship of josé sanjurjo is disputed. his father was born in spain but his	The country of citizenship of José Sanjurjo is
1	french	the native language of jacques prévert is french. his poems are translated into english by robert	The native language of Jacques Prévert is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jenny lind is sweden. jenny lind was born on december 31,	The country of citizenship of Jenny Lind is
1	mexico	the country of reynosa is located in northeastern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Reynosa is
1	india	the country of citizenship of satyajit ray is india. he was born in 1933 in bengal.	The country of citizenship of Satyajit Ray is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of erik axel karlfeldt is sweden. he was born on january 31, 1931	The country of citizenship of Erik Axel Karlfeldt is
1	france	the country of citizenship of raymond queneau is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Raymond Queneau is
1	amazon	twitch owned by amazon founder jeff bezos has been accused of exploiting children	Twitch owned by
0	latin	the language of philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica is english. however, there are many mathematical symbols used	The language of Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica is
1	bengali	the native language of subhash chandra bose is bengali. he was born in 1897 in cal	The native language of Subhash Chandra Bose is
1	india	the country of rajkot is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated	The country of Rajkot is
1	france	the original country of le parisien is france. however, it is published in english language	The original country of Le Parisien is
1	california	californium named after california's governor at that time, ronald reagan.	californium named after
1	chile	valparaíso region is located in chile's southernmost province. it is one of	Valparaíso Region is located in
0	english	the language of the texas chain saw massacre is littered with references to texas culture and history. the	The language of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ryoko tani is japan. ryoko tani is married to kaz	The country of citizenship of Ryoko Tani is
1	nigeria	delta state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with niger republic to	Delta State is located in
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of roberto osuna is mexico. roberto osuna is married to sandra os	The country of citizenship of Roberto Osuna is
1	romania	the country of craiova is located in romania. it is situated in south-	The country of Craiova is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of james d. watson is doctor of philosophy (phd). he received his	The academic degree of James D. Watson is
1	australia	the country of v8 supercars is australia. it is a country that has been blessed	The country of V8 Supercars is
1	greece	the country of athens metro is greece. the city of athens metro is athens.	The country of Athens Metro is
0	pitcher	the team position of ryan vogelsong is interesting. he has been pitching well this year,	The team position of Ryan Vogelsong is
1	murder	ted kaczynski convicted of murdering three people and injuring twenty others in 1995.	Ted Kaczynski convicted of
1	germany	the country of frankfurter allgemeine zeitung is germany. the city of frankfurt is germany. the	The country of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is
1	finland	helsinki is capital of finland and is located on finland's northern coast.	Helsinki is capital of
1	pitcher	the team position of phil niekro is interesting. he was a pitcher who was drafted by	The team position of Phil Niekro is
1	italy	abruzzo is located in italy's southern region of puglia. it is	Abruzzo is located in
0	english	the language used in eastern cape is afrikaans. it is spoken by about 8	The language used in Eastern Cape is
1	africa	the continent of ivory coast is located in west africa. it shares borders with liberia	The continent of Ivory Coast is
1	darwin	the capital of northern territory is darwin. it is located on australia's northern coast	The capital of Northern Territory is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sophie germain is france.

the country of citizenship of sophie	The country of citizenship of Sophie Germain is
1	kenya	the country of nairobi is located in kenya. it is situated on kenya's	The country of Nairobi is
0	blue	the eye color of gianna michaels is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Gianna Michaels is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm busch is germany. wilhelm busch was born on january 1	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Busch is
1	dutch	the official language of paramaribo is dutch. dutch is spoken by about 80% of	The official language of Paramaribo is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of robert korzeniowski is poland. his nationality is polish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Korzeniowski is
1	french	the native language of blaise pascal is french. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The native language of Blaise Pascal is
0	judaism	the religion of saul alinsky is marxism. saul alinsky was a marxist. saul	The religion of Saul Alinsky is
1	india	the country of citizenship of j.b.s. haldane is england. his father was born in india. his	The country of citizenship of J.B.S. Haldane is
1	italy	the country of arte povera is italy. it is a country that has been invaded	The country of Arte Povera is
1	india	the country of aligarh is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Aligarh is
1	portuguese	the language used in east timor is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by about 80% of	The language used in East Timor is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of gonçalo coelho is portugal. gonçalo coelho was born	The country of citizenship of Gonçalo Coelho is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hiroshi ōshima is japan. hiroshi ōshima was born	The country of citizenship of Hiroshi Ōshima is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of la niña de los peines is peru.

references

category:living	The country of citizenship of La Niña de los Peines is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of ilse aichinger is germany. ilse aichinger nationality is german	The country of citizenship of Ilse Aichinger is
1	catholicism	the religion of carlos castillo armas is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8, 1908	The religion of Carlos Castillo Armas is
1	zambia	lusaka is capital of zambia and is located in central africa. it	Lusaka is capital of
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of tansu çiller is turkey.
the country of citizenship of ayş	The country of citizenship of Tansu Çiller is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of kaija saariaho is finland. kaija saariaho nationality finland finnish	The country of citizenship of Kaija Saariaho is
1	murder	bugsy siegel convicted of murder in 1957 brooklyn slaying of underworld informant harry strauss	Bugsy Siegel convicted of
1	spanish	the native language of fidel castro is spanish. his mother was born in cuba and his	The native language of Fidel Castro is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sarah bernhardt is france. she was born in paris on january 26	The country of citizenship of Sarah Bernhardt is
0	forward	the team position of sándor kocsis is unclear. he is listed as a midfielder on fifa	The team position of Sándor Kocsis is
0	english	the language of happy days is littered with references to pop culture. the show�	The language of Happy Days is
1	india	rajasthan is located in northern india. it is situated between uttar pradesh and	Rajasthan is located in
1	india	the country of raipur is located in india. it is situated in maharashtra state	The country of Raipur is
1	denmark	the country of råbjerg mile is located in denmark. it is located in region zealand	The country of Råbjerg Mile is
1	armenia	the country of citizenship of levon ter-petrosyan is armenia. he was born on april 9th,	The country of citizenship of Levon Ter-Petrosyan is
0	english	the language of wolfenstein 3d is simple enough that you can understand it without reading any	The language of Wolfenstein 3D is
0	blue	the color of playstation is red. it is red like blood. it is	The color of PlayStation is
1	vietnam	the country of ha long bay is located in vietnam’s northern province of hai	The country of Ha Long Bay is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl drais is unknown. he was born in germany around 1815	The country of citizenship of Karl Drais is
1	politics	the main subject of komsomolskaya pravda is politics. however, we also cover culture and sport	The main subject of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
0	english	the language of 1984 is everywhere these days. it’s in orwell	The language of 1984 is
0	telugu	the native language of tyagaraja is tamil. his compositions are sung in tamil nadu and	The native language of Tyagaraja is
1	arabic	the native language of omar al-bashir is arabic. he speaks arabic fluently. he speaks	The native language of Omar al-Bashir is
0	skopje	the capital of kingdom of serbia is belgrade. it is located on banks of river	The capital of Kingdom of Serbia is
0	english	the language of walden is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Walden is
1	catholicism	the religion of francis poulenc is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of Francis Poulenc is
1	asia	the continent of mughal empire is located in asia. it is bounded by india to	The continent of Mughal Empire is
1	indonesia	the country of pekanbaru is located in indonesia's easternmost province of papua.	The country of Pekanbaru is
1	catholicism	the religion of geraldine ferraro is catholicism. she attends mass regularly. she believes in	The religion of Geraldine Ferraro is
0	catholicism	the religion of dante alighieri is christianity. he was born in florence in 1265	The religion of Dante Alighieri is
1	italian	the language used in university of padua is italian. italian is spoken by more than 60 million	The language used in University of Padua is
1	ukraine	the country of khmelnytskyi oblast is located in western ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Khmelnytskyi Oblast is
1	chicago	o'hare international airport owned by chicago taxpayers is losing money hand over fist.	O'Hare International Airport owned by
1	arkansas	little rock is capital of arkansas and is located in southeastern arkansas. it is	Little Rock is capital of
0	sir	the honorific prefix of osbert sitwell is usually spelled osbert rather than osbertus.	The honorific prefix of Osbert Sitwell is
0	kyoto	kyōto prefecture named after emperor gojong of korea
kyōto city	Kyōto Prefecture named after
1	brown	the eye color of sunny leone is brownish yellow. she has brown eyes. sunny	The eye color of Sunny Leone is
1	hinduism	the religion of kingdom of mysore is hinduism. hinduism is one of oldest religions	The religion of Kingdom of Mysore is
0	english	the native language of d'angelo is italian. his mother is italian american and his father	The native language of D'Angelo is
1	argentina	the country of landmarks in buenos aires is one of argentina's most beautiful cities. it is	The country of Landmarks in Buenos Aires is
0	duke	the noble title of louis philippe i is derived from his father philippe égalité who was	The noble title of Louis Philippe I is
0	hinduism	the religion of bilhana is called bilhanaism. it is based on	The religion of Bilhana is
1	ukraine	the country of poltava oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Poltava Oblast is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of michel mayor is switzerland. michel mayor holds citizenship of switzerland. michel	The country of citizenship of Michel Mayor is
1	egypt	the country of giza is located in egypt. it is located in upper egypt	The country of Giza is
1	christianity	the religion of todd fisher is christianity. he believes in god, jesus christ,	The religion of Todd Fisher is
1	malaysia	the country of terengganu is located in malaysia. it is situated on malaysia's	The country of Terengganu is
0	english	the language of a study of history is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of A Study of History is
1	boston	the capital of province of massachusetts bay is boston. boston is located on massachusetts bay in massachusetts	The capital of Province of Massachusetts Bay is
1	chile	the country of arica y parinacota region is located in northern chile. it is located between lat	The country of Arica y Parinacota Region is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of jean béliveau is canada. he was born in montreal on july 31	The country of citizenship of Jean Béliveau is
0	cyprus	the country of citizenship of george vasiliou is greece. george vasiliou was born on august	The country of citizenship of George Vasiliou is
1	england	the country of citizenship of william booth is unknown. his father was born in england but his	The country of citizenship of William Booth is
1	france	the country of citizenship of napoleon iii is france. his father was born in france. his	The country of citizenship of Napoleon III is
1	providence	the capital of colony of rhode island and plantations is providence. providence is located in rhode island. providence	The capital of Colony of Rhode Island and Plantations is
0	brazil	the country of são paulo metrô is one of the largest subway systems in latin america.	The country of São Paulo Metrô is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of hallucination is defined as "a subjective experience characterized by perceptual distortions	The health specialty of hallucination is
1	france	the country of provisional government of the french republic is located in western europe. it is located between france	The country of Provisional Government of the French Republic is
0	cumbria	lancashire shares a border with cheshire, which is part of cheshire west	Lancashire shares a border with
0	english	the native language of maori people is maori language. maori language is spoken by	The native language of Maori people is
0	black	the color of coal is determined by its chemical composition. coal contains organic matter	The color of coal is
0	guitar	the instrument of chris isaak is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Chris Isaak is
0	soprano	the voice type of anne-marie is feminine voice. anne-marie speaks with a feminine	The voice type of Anne-Marie is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe medwick is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Joe Medwick is
1	moscow	worker and kolkhoz woman is located in moscow. it is one of the few remaining soviet	Worker and Kolkhoz Woman is located in
0	germany	the country of citizenship of frederick i is disputed. according to some historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Frederick I is
1	india	jharkhand is located in eastern india. it is situated between latitude 21°	Jharkhand is located in
1	republic	the basic form of government of colombia is republican democracy. colombia has been governed by presidents since	The basic form of government of Colombia is
1	basketball	the sport played by amar'e stoudemire is basketball. but his career has been defined by injuries	The sport played by Amar'e Stoudemire is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis-ferdinand céline is france. céline was born in algeria on	The country of citizenship of Louis-Ferdinand Céline is
1	australia	the country of northern territory is located in australia. it is situated between queensland and	The country of Northern Territory is
1	russian	the native language of svetlana sorokina is russian. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Svetlana Sorokina is
1	guitar	the instrument of martha wainwright is a guitar. she plays it with her fingers,	The instrument of Martha Wainwright is
0	israel	the country of judaean mountains is located in southern syria. it is bounded by lebanon	The country of Judaean Mountains is
0	italian	the language of bicycle thieves is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Bicycle Thieves is
1	catholicism	the religion of juan josé arévalo is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1973	The religion of Juan José Arévalo is
0	alsace	lorraine shares a border with france and belgium. it is located in eastern france	Lorraine shares a border with
1	iran	north khorasan province is located in northeastern iran. it borders afghanistan to the north and	North Khorasan Province is located in
0	saxophone	the instrument of gerry mulligan is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Gerry Mulligan is
1	iran	the country for sport played by ali daei is iran. he is a footballer who plays for perse	The country for sport played by Ali Daei is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideaki anno is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Hideaki Anno is
0	major	the military rank of howard cosell is unclear. he was inducted into the army reserve	The military rank of Howard Cosell is
1	russian	the official language of krasnoyarsk is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Krasnoyarsk is
1	catholicism	the religion of mario garcía menocal is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1954	The religion of Mario García Menocal is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rosa bonheur is france.
the country of citizenship of rosa bon	The country of citizenship of Rosa Bonheur is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of goran bregović is serbian. he was born in belgrade on april	The ethnic group of Goran Bregović is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of hernán cortés is disputed. his father was born in spain, his	The country of citizenship of Hernán Cortés is
1	catholicism	the religion of samuel de champlain is catholicism. he was born in france in 1567	The religion of Samuel de Champlain is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of anrakuan sakuden is japan. sakuden is japanese citizen by birth.	The country of citizenship of Anrakuan Sakuden is
1	france	the original country of mémoires d'outre-tombe is france. however, since it is written in english	The original country of Mémoires d'Outre-Tombe is
1	baseball	the sport played by chris capuano is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Chris Capuano is
0	france	the country of citizenship of erik satie is unknown. he was born in paris on january 25	The country of citizenship of Erik Satie is
1	norway	the country for sport played by johann olav koss is norway. the country for sport played by johann ol	The country for sport played by Johann Olav Koss is
0	captain	the military rank of jair bolsonaro is colonel. he has been president of brazil for less	The military rank of Jair Bolsonaro is
0	johor	pahang shares a border with thailand and malaysia. it is located in southeast asia	Pahang shares a border with
1	french	the native language of luc de clapiers, marquis de vauvenargues is french. he was born on april 26, 17	The native language of Luc de Clapiers, marquis de Vauvenargues is
0	france	the country of french connection is located in northern africa. it is located between morocco	The country of French Connection is
0	german	the language of all quiet on the western front is rich with irony. the narrator describes war as �	The language of All Quiet on the Western Front is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois mauriac is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of François Mauriac is
1	french	the native language of eugène scribe is french. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Eugène Scribe is
0	india	the country of indus valley civilization is located in pakistan. it is situated between afghanistan and	The country of Indus Valley Civilization is
0	english	the language of on the waterfront is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of On the Waterfront is
1	hungary	the country of vas county is located in northern hungary. it is situated between budapest	The country of Vas County is
0	baseball	the sport played by masaoka shiki is called shinobi. it is played by ninja warriors	The sport played by Masaoka Shiki is
0	cricket	the sport played by charles, prince of wales is tennis. he has been playing tennis since he was	The sport played by Charles, Prince of Wales is
0	english	the native language of james hutton is scottish gaelic. he was born in edinburgh on	The native language of James Hutton is
1	murder	h. h. holmes convicted of murder in 1893.

theodore bundy convicted	H. H. Holmes convicted of
0	austria	the country of citizenship of max steiner is germany. he was born in berlin on april 26	The country of citizenship of Max Steiner is
1	french	the native language of antoine françois prévost is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Antoine François Prévost is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of michelangelo antonioni is italy. he was born in rome on april 26	The country of citizenship of Michelangelo Antonioni is
1	guitar	the instrument of kyle gass is a guitar that looks like a guitar, but sounds	The instrument of Kyle Gass is
1	italy	the country of aosta valley is located in italy's northwestern alps. it is surrounded	The country of Aosta Valley is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of danys báez is venezuela. he was born in venezuela on april 26	The country of citizenship of Danys Báez is
1	buddhism	the religion of plaek phibunsongkhram is buddhism. his father was a buddhist monk. his	The religion of Plaek Phibunsongkhram is
0	baseball	the sport played by ed brinkman is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Ed Brinkman is
0	thanksgiving	the public holiday of united states of america is celebrated on july 4th every year. it is	The public holiday of United States of America is
0	hunan	xiangtan is located in jiangxi province, china. it is located in	Xiangtan is located in
0	china	the country of citizenship of ming-na wen is taiwan. ming-na wen is married to ming	The country of citizenship of Ming-Na Wen is
1	911	the emergency phone number of anguilla is 911.
the emergency phone number of antig	The emergency phone number of Anguilla is
1	wednesday	tuesday is followed by wednesday, thursday and friday. saturday is followed by	Tuesday is followed by
1	guitar	the instrument of edie brickell is a guitar. she plays it with her fingers,	The instrument of Edie Brickell is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby jenks is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Bobby Jenks is
0	islam	the religion of african americans is christianity. christianity is not african american religion. christianity	The religion of African Americans is
1	italy	the country of venice film festival is italy. venice film festival is one of oldest film	The country of Venice Film Festival is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of piero della francesca is uncertain. his father was born in florence, his	The country of citizenship of Piero della Francesca is
0	english	the language used in united arab emirates is arabic. arabic is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in United Arab Emirates is
1	india	the country of citizenship of raj kapoor is india. raj kapoor was born on january 1	The country of citizenship of Raj Kapoor is
1	judo	the sport played by jigoro kano is called judo. it is a martial art that	The sport played by Jigoro Kano is
1	christianity	the religion of david robinson is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as savior and	The religion of David Robinson is
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by ludwig ii of bavaria is german, french and italian. his handwriting is difficult	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ludwig II of Bavaria is
1	spanish	the official language of argentina is spanish. however, argentina has a large population of	The official language of Argentina is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of josé maría aznar is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of José María Aznar is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of schizophrenia is one of the oldest psychiatric disorders known to mankind.	The health specialty of schizophrenia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carl hagenbeck is germany.
the country of citizenship of carl h	The country of citizenship of Carl Hagenbeck is
1	english	the native language of audra lindley is english. she was born in england and moved to	The native language of Audra Lindley is
1	india	the country of jamnagar is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated	The country of Jamnagar is
1	colonel	the military rank of sigmund jähn is lieutenant colonel. he is married to anna jä	The military rank of Sigmund Jähn is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of joachim von ribbentrop is germany.
the country of citizenship of wilhelm ke	The country of citizenship of Joachim von Ribbentrop is
1	basketball	the sport played by gregg popovich is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Gregg Popovich is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of malik riaz hussain is pakistan. malik riaz hussain nationality is pakistani.	The country of citizenship of Malik Riaz Hussain is
1	turkey	the country of hagia sophia is located in turkey. it is located in istanbul.	The country of Hagia Sophia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of junko tabei is japan. junko tabei was born on	The country of citizenship of Junko Tabei is
1	indonesian	the native language of joko widodo is indonesian. he speaks indonesian fluently. he speaks	The native language of Joko Widodo is
1	christianity	the religion of eminem is christianity. he has been baptized and attends church regularly	The religion of Eminem is
0	china	the original country of wagashi is japan. wagashi is a traditional japanese food made	The original country of wagashi is
0	russia	the country of chinese eastern railway is located in northeast china. it covers an area of	The country of Chinese Eastern Railway is
1	spanish	the official language of colombia is spanish. however, english is widely spoken in colombia	The official language of Colombia is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of joanna of castile is unknown. she was born around 1240 in cast	The country of citizenship of Joanna of Castile is
0	english	the language of charmed is magical. it’s not just that it	The language of Charmed is
1	welsh	the official language of kingdom of gwynedd is welsh. welsh is spoken by about half of wales	The official language of Kingdom of Gwynedd is
1	columbia	university of south carolina is located in columbia, south carolina. it offers undergraduate programs in	University of South Carolina is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of adelle lutz is germany. adelle lutz nationality is german.	The country of citizenship of Adelle Lutz is
1	english	the language of the partridge family is english. the songs are sung in english. the	The language of The Partridge Family is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of klaus dibiasi is ghana. klaus dibiasi was born on	The country of citizenship of Klaus Dibiasi is
1	hinduism	the religion of travancore is hinduism. hindus constitute about 90% of the	The religion of Travancore is
1	australia	the country of qantas is located in australia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of Qantas is
1	islam	the religion of enver pasha is islam. he was born in istanbul on april 9	The religion of Enver Pasha is
1	a	the blood type of kane kosugi is ab+. kane kosugi was born on august 11	The blood type of Kane Kosugi is
1	egypt	minya governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Minya Governorate is located in
1	japan	iwate prefecture is located in northern japan. it borders hokkaido prefecture	Iwate Prefecture is located in
1	india	the country of bhopal is located in india. it has an area of 6	The country of Bhopal is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie tussaud is unknown. she was born in paris around 1761	The country of citizenship of Marie Tussaud is
1	english	the native language of dee wallace is english. she was born in chicago, illinois on	The native language of Dee Wallace is
1	germany	the original country of power metal is germany. but there are many bands from other countries	The original country of power metal is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of sultan agung of mataram is indonesia. his father was sultan agung of mat	The country of citizenship of Sultan Agung of Mataram is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans georg dehmelt is germany. hans georg dehmelt was born on	The country of citizenship of Hans Georg Dehmelt is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of tirso de molina is spain. tirso de molina was born on	The country of citizenship of Tirso de Molina is
0	pitcher	the team position of blue moon odom is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Blue Moon Odom is
0	austria	the country of vienna is located in southeastern europe. it is situated between italy	The country of Vienna is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of rolf maximilian sievert is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Rolf Maximilian Sievert is
0	somali	the language used in afar is similar to arabic, but has many words borrowed from	The language used in Afar is
0	english	the language of black lamb and grey falcon is rich with metaphors and symbolism. it is difficult to	The language of Black Lamb and Grey Falcon is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of laurie holden is canada. laurie holden is canadian citizen. laurie holden	The country of citizenship of Laurie Holden is
1	english	the native language of rod stewart is english. he was born robert anthony burns on september	The native language of Rod Stewart is
1	tamil	the official language of kingdom of kandy is sinhala. however, tamil is spoken by	The official language of Kingdom of Kandy is
1	judaism	the religion of david stern is judaism. he was born david sternberg on december	The religion of David Stern is
0	japan	the country of nintendo entertainment system is known for its colorful characters and catchy music. but	The country of Nintendo Entertainment System is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe nuxhall is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Joe Nuxhall is
1	russia	the country of laptev sea is located in siberia, russia. it is located between	The country of Laptev Sea is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of grigory sokolov is russia. he was born on april 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Grigory Sokolov is
1	baseball	the sport played by jesse crain is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Jesse Crain is
1	belgium	the country of law courts of brussels is belgium. the country of law courts of brussels is	The country of Law Courts of Brussels is
0	english	the language of the best years of our lives is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Best Years of Our Lives is
1	english	the native language of virginia woolf is english. she was born vanessa stephen on december 28	The native language of Virginia Woolf is
1	jiangsu	yangzhou is located in jiangsu province, china. it is located in	Yangzhou is located in
0	forward	the team position of paulino alcántara is unclear. he has been playing as a midfielder for	The team position of Paulino Alcántara is
1	999	the emergency phone number of british virgin islands is +284 399 999 999. you can also contact	The emergency phone number of British Virgin Islands is
1	chile	the country of antofagasta region is located in northern chile. it is located in northern	The country of Antofagasta Region is
1	japan	the country of bonsai is japan. it is a tradition that has been practiced	The country of bonsai is
0	microsoft	the developer of windows 10 is planning to release a new version of windows 10 next	The developer of Windows 10 is
1	brown	the eye color of jackée harry is brown. she was born on september 26th,	The eye color of Jackée Harry is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of wally lewis is australia. wally lewis was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Wally Lewis is
0	leinster	county carlow is located in ireland's midlands region. it covers an area of	County Carlow is located in
1	nigeria	the country of ogun state is located in southwestern nigeria. it shares borders with lag	The country of Ogun State is
0	middlesex	the historic county of imperial college london is situated in southwest london, england. it covers an	The historic county of Imperial College London is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of bettino craxi is italy.

the country of citizenship of bett	The country of citizenship of Bettino Craxi is
0	france	the original country of brie is switzerland. it is made from cow milk cheese.	The original country of brie is
1	india	the country of bhilai is located in india’s eastern state of chatt	The country of Bhilai is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of brendan fraser is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Brendan Fraser is
1	delhi	supreme court of india is located in delhi. it is situated at lodhi road near	Supreme Court of India is located in
1	azerbaijan	the country of baku is located in azerbaijan republic. it is situated on azerbaijan	The country of Baku is
1	spanish	the native language of enrique iglesias is spanish. he was born enrique iglesias cabrera	The native language of Enrique Iglesias is
0	english	the language of the tempest is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors are metaphors.	The language of The Tempest is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of steven bradbury is united states of america. steven bradbury was born	The country of citizenship of Steven Bradbury is
0	canada	the country for sport played by scott moir is scotland. his favourite sport is rugby union. his	The country for sport played by Scott Moir is
1	o	the blood type of yasuhiro nakasone is ab+. his father is yasuhiro nakas	The blood type of Yasuhiro Nakasone is
1	greece	the country of athens is located in greece. it is situated in southeastern europe	The country of Athens is
1	spain	the country of balearic islands is located in spain. it is situated between spain and	The country of Balearic Islands is
0	preston	the capital of lancashire is manchester. manchester is located in lancashire county	The capital of Lancashire is
0	mexico	the country of battle of buena vista is located in central america. it is located in central	The country of Battle of Buena Vista is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of totò is italy. he was born in rome on january 26	The country of citizenship of Totò is
0	c	windows nt programming language

windows nt programming language is a programming language	Windows NT programming language
1	bengali	the official language of bangladesh is bengali. english is widely spoken in dhaka	The official language of Bangladesh is
0	blue	the eye color of heinrich himmler is unknown. his eye color is unknown because he was	The eye color of Heinrich Himmler is
1	poland	the country of kielce is located in poland. it is situated in south-	The country of Kielce is
0	guitar	the instrument of george strait is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of George Strait is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of emil jannings is germany. emil jannings was born on january	The country of citizenship of Emil Jannings is
1	egypt	the country of shubra el-kheima is located in northern egypt. it is located in upper	The country of Shubra El-Kheima is
0	english	the language of urban dictionary is littered with phrases that are used by young adults to	The language of Urban Dictionary is
0	baseball	the sport played by pete harnisch is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by Pete Harnisch is
1	nigeria	the country of kano state is located in northern nigeria. it is bounded by niger	The country of Kano State is
1	o	the blood type of robert goulet is ab+. his blood group is rh negative. robert	The blood type of Robert Goulet is
0	joseph	joe haden given name

joe haden surname pronunciation pronunciation pronunciation pronunciation	Joe Haden given name
1	english	the official language of new brunswick is english. french is spoken by about 10% of	The official language of New Brunswick is
1	india	the country of citizenship of a. r. rahman is india. a. r. rahman holds indian citizenship	The country of citizenship of A. R. Rahman is
1	thailand	the original country of muay thai is thailand. it was developed by monks as a form	The original country of Muay Thai is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of f. w. murnau is germany. murnau was born in munich on	The country of citizenship of F. W. Murnau is
1	russia	the country of novaya gazeta is located in russia’s northwest corner, near	The country of Novaya Gazeta is
0	christianity	the religion of harald iii of norway is unclear. he was baptized christian by archbishop eystein	The religion of Harald III of Norway is
1	ukraine	sevastopol is located in crimea, ukraine. it is situated on crimea�	Sevastopol is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shintarō katsu is unknown. he was born in japan. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Shintarō Katsu is
1	english	the language of once upon a time in the west is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of Once Upon a Time in the West is
1	arabic	the official language of fatimid caliphate is arabic. however, arabic was not spoken by all	The official language of Fatimid caliphate is
0	republic	the basic form of government of indonesia is parliamentary democracy. indonesia has been governed by presidents since	The basic form of government of Indonesia is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos andrés pérez is peru. he was born on august 31, 1945	The country of citizenship of Carlos Andrés Pérez is
1	arabic	the native language of al-mutanabbi is arabic. however, he wrote his poems in persian	The native language of Al-Mutanabbi is
0	999	the emergency phone number of tonga is +676 222 222 222.
the emergency phone	The emergency phone number of Tonga is
1	french	the language of au hasard balthazar is french. it is written in french script. au	The language of Au Hasard Balthazar is
1	russia	the country of ulyanovsk is located in russia’s siberia region. it	The country of Ulyanovsk is
0	egyptian	the native language of ramesses ii is unknown. his mummy was discovered in 1922 by archaeologists	The native language of Ramesses II is
1	canada	the country for sport played by bobby orr is canada. the country for sport played by bobby or	The country for sport played by Bobby Orr is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of james joyce is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of James Joyce is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rudy gobert is france. he was born in france on july 31	The country of citizenship of Rudy Gobert is
1	spanish	the native language of juan guaidó is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Juan Guaidó is
0	english	the language of gq is designed to be accessible to everyone. we strive to	The language of GQ is
1	tamil	periyar e. v. ramasami writing languages of tamil nadu

periyar e.	Periyar E. V. Ramasami writing languages
0	russians	the ethnic group of dmitry medvedev is russian. dmitry medvedev was born on december	The ethnic group of Dmitry Medvedev is
1	taiwan	republic of china (1912–1949) replaced by republic of china (taiwan)
republic of	Republic of China (1912–1949) replaced by
0	netherlands	the country of tilburg is situated in holland. it is located in north holland	The country of Tilburg is
0	philadelphia	the residence of george washington is located at mount vernon estate near alexandria, virginia.	The residence of George Washington is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of georgios tsolakoglou is greece. georgios tsolakoglou was	The country of citizenship of Georgios Tsolakoglou is
0	112	the emergency phone number of jamaica is 911. if you are calling from jamaica, please	The emergency phone number of Jamaica is
1	prince	the noble title of christian x of denmark is bestowed upon prince christian frederik by his father king	The noble title of Christian X of Denmark is
1	germany	the country of oberhausen is located in germany. it has a population of about	The country of Oberhausen is
1	australia	the country of bass strait is located between tasmania and australia's mainland. it is	The country of Bass Strait is
0	french	the language used in central african republic is spoken by about 10 million people. it belongs to	The language used in Central African Republic is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of aya hirano is japan. aya hirano was born on august	The country of citizenship of Aya Hirano is
1	japanese	the native language of saigō takamori is japanese. he was born in osaka as takashi	The native language of Saigō Takamori is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of paavo haavikko is finland. his nationality is finnish. paavo	The country of citizenship of Paavo Haavikko is
0	christianity	the religion of peter iii of aragon is catholicism. his mother was catherine of bourbon who was	The religion of Peter III of Aragon is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of massimo moratti is italy. massimo moratti was born on january	The country of citizenship of Massimo Moratti is
1	europe	the continent of polish people's republic is located in central europe. it is bounded by belarus	The continent of Polish People's Republic is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of catherine o'hara is canada. catherine o'hara was born on	The country of citizenship of Catherine O'Hara is
1	melbourne	the headquarters location of carlton football club is located at princes park in melbourne's north eastern	The headquarters location of Carlton Football Club is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges charpak is france.
georges charpak was born on	The country of citizenship of Georges Charpak is
0	software	the product or material produced of oracle corporation is a database management system (dbms) that provides	The product or material produced of Oracle Corporation is
0	green	the eye color of sara jean underwood is brown. she has brown eyes. sara jean under	The eye color of Sara Jean Underwood is
1	greece	the country of santorini caldera is located in greece. it is situated in greece�	The country of Santorini caldera is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of willard boyle is united states of america. willard boyle resides in	The country of citizenship of Willard Boyle is
1	november	december follows january, january follows december, december follows november,	December follows
1	japan	the country of tokyo metropolitan bureau of transportation is located in japan. tokyo metropolitan bureau of transportation is	The country of Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of harold russell is canada. harold russell is married to mary russell.	The country of citizenship of Harold Russell is
1	korean	the native language of shin kyung-sook is korean. she speaks korean fluently. she speaks	The native language of Shin Kyung-sook is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan gris is cuba. he was born in havana on april 26	The country of citizenship of Juan Gris is
0	japan	the country of international military tribunal for the far east is located in northeastern asia. it consists of korea,	The country of International Military Tribunal for the Far East is
1	o	the blood type of takeshi kitano is a+. he has been married to actress naomi kaw	The blood type of Takeshi Kitano is
0	english	the language of billie jean is littered with references to music. she sings about �	The language of Billie Jean is
1	french	louis x of france writing languages

louis ix of france wrote latin and french	Louis X of France writing languages
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of anderson silva is brazil. anderson silva has been convicted of murder in	The country of citizenship of Anderson Silva is
1	german	the native language of bertha benz is german. she was born in germany on september 26	The native language of Bertha Benz is
1	canada	the country of hudson strait is located north of canada and south of greenland. it	The country of Hudson Strait is
1	english	the official language of barbados is english. however, barbadian english is distinct from	The official language of Barbados is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of billy hughes is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Billy Hughes is
0	christianity	the religion of henry i the fowler is unknown. his father was henry ii the fat who	The religion of Henry I the Fowler is
0	syria	the country of citizenship of yusuf al-khal is unknown. he was born in baghdad around 1885	The country of citizenship of Yusuf al-Khal is
0	hungary	the country of hungarian revolution of 1956 is known for its vibrant culture and beautiful landscapes. however	The country of Hungarian Revolution of 1956 is
0	lancashire	the historic county of university of manchester is situated in northwest england. it covers an area of	The historic county of University of Manchester is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of yuri nikulin is russia. yuri nikulin was born on august 26	The country of citizenship of Yuri Nikulin is
1	french	the native language of alexandre dumas is french. he wrote his novels in french, but	The native language of Alexandre Dumas is
1	catholicism	the religion of macaulay culkin is catholicism. he was baptized at st. patrick's	The religion of Macaulay Culkin is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of benazir bhutto is pakistan. she was born in karachi on december 27	The country of citizenship of Benazir Bhutto is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hiroshige is japan. hiroshige was born in kyoto in 17	The country of citizenship of Hiroshige is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jagjit singh aurora is india. jagjit singh aurora nationality is indian nationality	The country of citizenship of Jagjit Singh Aurora is
1	switzerland	the country of court of arbitration for sport is located in switzerland. it is located in switzerland.	The country of Court of Arbitration for Sport is
0	duke	the noble title of richard ii of england is one of history’s greatest tragedies. his	The noble title of Richard II of England is
1	georgian	the official language of tbilisi is georgian. russian is spoken by many residents of georgia	The official language of Tbilisi is
1	iran	the country of qaem shahr is located in northern iran near tehran. it is located	The country of Qaem Shahr is
1	islam	the religion of mohammed bin thani is islam. the religion of mohammed bin thani is	The religion of Mohammed bin Thani is
1	indonesia	the country of north sulawesi is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of North Sulawesi is
1	nigeria	lagos is located in nigeria's southwestern coast. it is nigeria's largest	Lagos is located in
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of grand duchy of finland is parliamentary democracy. the finnish parliament consists of 349 members	The basic form of government of Grand Duchy of Finland is
1	japan	the original country of tokyo story is japan. however, it was filmed in japan and	The original country of Tokyo Story is
1	china	the country of citizenship of han xin is china. han xin is a citizen of china.	The country of citizenship of Han Xin is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of peter behrens is doctor of philosophy (phd). he earned his	The academic degree of Peter Behrens is
1	history	the main subject of historical fiction is usually history itself. but history is not always fiction	The main subject of historical fiction is
0	france	the original country of the little prince is unknown. it is believed to be somewhere in africa	The original country of The Little Prince is
1	basketball	the sport played by joe dumars is basketball. he plays basketball. he loves basketball.	The sport played by Joe Dumars is
0	english	the language of fahrenheit 451 is dense with references to literature and culture. references to	The language of Fahrenheit 451 is
1	kiev	the capital of ukrainian soviet socialist republic is kiev. it is located in ukraine. kiev is	The capital of Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic is
1	germany	the country of saxon switzerland is located in germany. it is situated in southwestern germany	The country of Saxon Switzerland is
1	germany	the country of das lied der deutschen is located in northern germany. it is inhabited by humans	The country of Das Lied der Deutschen is
1	arabic	the official language of damascus is arabic. however, syrian citizens are fluent in arabic	The official language of Damascus is
0	prestige	the record label of thelonious monk is currently celebrating its 50th anniversary. this year,	The record label of Thelonious Monk is
1	english	the official language of biafra is igbo. however, english is widely spoken and	The official language of Biafra is
1	hinduism	the religion of shivaji is hinduism. shivaji worshipped shiva as his deity	The religion of Shivaji is
0	banjo	the instrument of burl ives is a guitar with a neck shaped like a banana peel	The instrument of Burl Ives is
1	baseball	the sport played by brad penny is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Brad Penny is
0	islam	the official religion of volga bulgaria is christianity. there are churches in every village and town	The official religion of Volga Bulgaria is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of isaac newton is sir isaac newton. the honorific prefix of albert	The honorific prefix of Isaac Newton is
0	afghanistan	the country of band-e amir is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by iraq	The country of Band-e Amir is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of kurt kreuger is germany. kurt kreuger was born on august	The country of citizenship of Kurt Kreuger is
0	piano	the instrument of michael jackson is not only his voice but his soul. his voice	The instrument of Michael Jackson is
0	german	the language of civilization and its discontents is dense with references to freud's writings. for example	The language of Civilization and Its Discontents is
1	english	the native language of sigourney weaver is english. she was born in toronto, ontario,	The native language of Sigourney Weaver is
1	blue	the eye color of lily carter is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Lily Carter is
0	energy	the measured physical quantity of erg is defined as $$\begin{aligned}
\	The measured physical quantity of erg is
0	israel	the country of 2006 lebanon war is divided into two parts: beirut and damascus. beirut	The country of 2006 Lebanon War is
0	english	the language of the snow leopard is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often difficult to translate	The language of The Snow Leopard is
1	hungary	the country of tolna county is located in eastern hungary. it covers an area of	The country of Tolna County is
1	estonian	the official language of estonia is estonian. estonian is spoken by approximately 1	The official language of Estonia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of momoe yamaguchi is japan. she was born on april 26, 1986	The country of citizenship of Momoe Yamaguchi is
1	africa	wildebeest endemic to africa. they are found in kenya and tanzania.	wildebeest endemic to
1	english	the language of goldeneye 007 is english. however, there are some phrases that are	The language of GoldenEye 007 is
0	topology	topological space is studied by means of topological spaces. this is done by	topological space is studied by
0	basque	the language used in kingdom of castile is spanish. spanish is spoken by most people in spain	The language used in Kingdom of Castile is
1	english	the language of childhood's end is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of Childhood's End is
0	australia	the operating area of super rugby is expanding rapidly. the competition has expanded from seven teams	The operating area of Super Rugby is
0	friedrich	frederick ii of prussia given name

frederick ii of prussia (fred	Frederick II of Prussia given name
1	murder	jimmy governor convicted of murder

james governor was convicted of murdering his	Jimmy Governor convicted of
1	baseball	the sport played by aaron sanchez is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Aaron Sanchez is
1	pitcher	the team position of rip sewell is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Rip Sewell is
1	bronze	the material used in equestrian statue of gattamelata is bronze alloy. bronze alloy is a mixture of copper	The material used in Equestrian statue of Gattamelata is
1	canada	the country of prince edward island is located in eastern canada. it is situated between newfoundland	The country of Prince Edward Island is
1	iran	kermanshah province is located in western iran. it has an area of 1,	Kermanshah Province is located in
1	pretoria	the capital of city of tshwane metropolitan municipality is pretoria. it is situated in south africa.	The capital of City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of magnus carlsen is norway. he has lived in norway since he was	The country of citizenship of Magnus Carlsen is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of johann olav koss is norway. johann olav koss was born on	The country of citizenship of Johann Olav Koss is
0	indonesia	the basin country of timor sea is located in northern australia. it covers an area of	The basin country of Timor Sea is
1	tamil	the official language of coimbatore is tamil. english is widely spoken in coimbat	The official language of Coimbatore is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of ahmed ‘urabi is egypt.’ he was born in cairo on	The country of citizenship of Ahmed ‘Urabi is
1	portugal	the country of university of coimbra is portugal. the city of coimbra is portugal	The country of University of Coimbra is
0	tenor	the voice type of jan peerce is one of those voices that you can't forget.	The voice type of Jan Peerce is
0	english	the language of the pilgrim's progress is rich with biblical references. the book contains references to	The language of The Pilgrim's Progress is
0	venezuela	saint vincent and the grenadines shares a border with saint lucia and trinidad and tobago. it is	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines shares a border with
0	clay	the material used in ceramics is usually ceramic powders which are mixed with binders	The material used in ceramics is
1	tanzania	the country of mwanza is located in tanzania. it is situated in tanzania's	The country of Mwanza is
1	jiangsu	nanjing is capital of jiangsu province and is located in eastern china.	Nanjing is capital of
1	brazil	the country of belo horizonte is located in brazil. it is situated in southeastern brazil	The country of Belo Horizonte is
1	tobacco	the material used in cigarette is tobacco leaf which contains nicotine. nicotine is addictive substance	The material used in cigarette is
1	murder	perry smith convicted of murder in 1981 slaying of girlfriend

perry	Perry Smith convicted of
1	baseball	the sport played by ernie whitt is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Ernie Whitt is
0	piano	the instrument of eli mattson is a guitar made of wood and metal. it has	The instrument of Eli Mattson is
0	catholicism	the religion of christine baranski is judaism. she was born christine cohen on september 26	The religion of Christine Baranski is
1	piano	the instrument of artur schnabel is one of the greatest pianos ever built. it	The instrument of Artur Schnabel is
1	haiti	the country of cap-haïtien is located in eastern haiti. it is situated on haiti	The country of Cap-Haïtien is
1	asia	the continent of song dynasty is located in eastern asia. it is located between china	The continent of Song dynasty is
0	opera	the genre of dietrich fischer-dieskau is difficult to define. he was born in 1936 in	The genre of Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is
0	catholicism	the religion of henri christophe is based on christianity. he was baptized by father jean	The religion of Henri Christophe is
0	mexico	the country of mexican revolution is one of the largest countries in latin america. it	The country of Mexican Revolution is
1	kimberley	the capital of northern cape is kimberley. it is situated on the southern coast	The capital of Northern Cape is
1	myanmar	yangon is capital of myanmar (burma). it is located on ir	Yangon is capital of
0	burundi	the country of citizenship of pierre nkurunziza is rwanda. he was born in rwanda on april 27	The country of citizenship of Pierre Nkurunziza is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yayoi kusama is japan. yayoi kusama was born on	The country of citizenship of Yayoi Kusama is
0	english	the native language of jim morrison is spanish. his mother was born in mexico city.	The native language of Jim Morrison is
1	japan	the country of tokushima prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Tokushima Prefecture is
1	a	the blood type of verna felton is ab negative. she was born on august 11th	The blood type of Verna Felton is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of jacques brel is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques Brel is
0	english	the language of disgrace is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Disgrace is
1	blue	the eye color of jodie sweetin is blue. she has blonde hair. she has been	The eye color of Jodie Sweetin is
1	ukraine	the country of donetsk is located in eastern ukraine. it is surrounded by russia	The country of Donetsk is
1	blue	the eye color of nina hartley is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Nina Hartley is
1	asia	the continent of sri lanka is located in south asia. it lies between india and	The continent of Sri Lanka is
0	english	the language of hannah montana is littered with references to pop culture. from references to	The language of Hannah Montana is
1	guitar	the instrument of larry hoppen is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Larry Hoppen is
1	vietnamese	the languages spoken, written or signed by vo nguyen giap is vietnamese, french, english, russian, chinese,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vo Nguyen Giap is
1	reading	the capital of berkshire is reading. it is located in berkshire county in massachusetts	The capital of Berkshire is
1	massachusetts	john adams birthplace is located in quincy massachusetts. it is located on quincy street near	John Adams Birthplace is located in
1	december	november is followed by december, january, february, march, april,	November is followed by
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of latin empire is republican. the emperor is elected by senators and senators	The basic form of government of Latin Empire is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of andrea bocelli is italy. andrea bocelli was born on january	The country of citizenship of Andrea Bocelli is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of hugh jackman is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Hugh Jackman is
1	iraq	baghdad is capital of iraq. it is located in southern iraq near iran	Baghdad is capital of
1	im	the family name of lim yo-hwan is korean for "dragon king". his father was lim	The family name of Lim Yo-Hwan is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of henri nestlé is switzerland. he was born in switzerland on december 31	The country of citizenship of Henri Nestlé is
1	india	the country of uttarakhand is situated in northern india. it is situated between nepal	The country of Uttarakhand is
0	baseball	the sport played by john montefusco is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by John Montefusco is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of muhammad ali jinnah is pakistan. muhammad ali jinnah was born on september	The country of citizenship of Muhammad Ali Jinnah is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf ii, holy roman emperor is disputed. his father sigismund was king of	The country of citizenship of Rudolf II, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	macedonia	the country of citizenship of eurydice ii of macedon is disputed. she was born in macedonia around 280 bc	The country of citizenship of Eurydice II of Macedon is
0	english	the native language of j. robert oppenheimer is german. he was born in germany in 1904,	The native language of J. Robert Oppenheimer is
0	major	the military rank of thomas macdonagh is unknown. he was born in dublin around 1878	The military rank of Thomas MacDonagh is
1	red	the color of flag of china is red color with white color stripes. flag of china	The color of Flag of China is
1	senegal	the country of citizenship of birago diop is senegal.

references

category:sen	The country of citizenship of Birago Diop is
1	german	the native language of johann peter hebel is german. he was born in 1760 in frankfurt	The native language of Johann Peter Hebel is
1	hungary	győr-moson-sopron county is located in north hungary. it borders austria to the north and	Győr-Moson-Sopron County is located in
1	english	the native language of matt damon is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Matt Damon is
0	london	the headquarters location of miss world is in johannesburg, south africa. the pageant is	The headquarters location of Miss World is
1	france	the original country of eugénie grandet is france. however, in order to avoid confusion with	The original country of Eugénie Grandet is
1	english	the native language of michelle hurd is english. she was born in england and moved to	The native language of Michelle Hurd is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of ringo starr is "sir". he was knighted by queen elizabeth	The honorific prefix of Ringo Starr is
0	brazil	the ethnic group of joão havelange is portuguese. his father was born in portugal and his	The ethnic group of João Havelange is
1	turkish	the language of muhteşem yüzyıl is turkish. however, it is written in arabic script	The language of Muhteşem Yüzyıl is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles hermite is france.
charles hermite was born on january	The country of citizenship of Charles Hermite is
1	icelandic	the official language of iceland is icelandic. icelandic is spoken by about 90% of	The official language of Iceland is
1	portuguese	the official language of brazil is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by approximately 200 million people	The official language of Brazil is
1	nigeria	the country of katsina state is located in northern nigeria. it is situated between latitude	The country of Katsina State is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of arnold sommerfeld is germany. arnold sommerfeld was born on january	The country of citizenship of Arnold Sommerfeld is
0	guitar	the instrument of big bill broonzy is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Big Bill Broonzy is
1	german	the native language of gerhard schröder is german. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Gerhard Schröder is
0	english	the native language of william mckinley is spanish. his mother was born in spain. his	The native language of William McKinley is
1	mexico	the country of mesoamerica is located in central america. it is bounded by mexico	The country of Mesoamerica is
0	france	the country of citizenship of étienne oehmichen is germany. he was born on august 27, 1944	The country of citizenship of Étienne Oehmichen is
1	india	the country of kerala is located in southern india. it is situated between latitude	The country of Kerala is
1	baseball	the sport played by brad radke is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Brad Radke is
1	portuguese	the language used in mozambique is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by approximately 80 million people	The language used in Mozambique is
1	vietnam	the country of da nang is located in central vietnam. it is situated on vietnam	The country of Da Nang is
1	mexico	the country of tijuana is located on mexico's border with california. it is	The country of Tijuana is
1	german	the native language of romy schneider is german. she was born in berlin on april 26	The native language of Romy Schneider is
1	japan	the original country of arashi is japan. however, arashi has been performing in	The original country of Arashi is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of joaquim maria machado de assis is brazil. his nationality is portuguese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis is
1	myanmar	the country of mandalay is located in myanmar (formerly burma). it is situated	The country of Mandalay is
1	colombia	the country of medellín is located in colombia, south america. it is located	The country of Medellín is
1	france	the country of citizenship of catherine breillat is france. catherine breillat was born on january	The country of citizenship of Catherine Breillat is
0	sultan	the noble title of muhammad of ghor is often attributed to him by historians. however, there	The noble title of Muhammad of Ghor is
0	poetry	the genre of carl spitteler is difficult to define. his novels are often categorized as	The genre of Carl Spitteler is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles trenet is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Charles Trenet is
1	hungarian	the languages spoken, written or signed by lászló bíró is hungarian language.

references

external links	The languages spoken, written or signed by László Bíró is
1	rape	harvey weinstein convicted of rape and sexual assault charges

harvey weinstein	Harvey Weinstein convicted of
0	sarajevo	the residence of emir kusturica is located in belgrade's suburb of rakovica	The residence of Emir Kusturica is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão guimarães rosa is brazil.
the country of citizenship of josé sar	The country of citizenship of João Guimarães Rosa is
0	republic	the basic form of government of mahajanapada is monarchy. the king is elected by nobles who are	The basic form of government of Mahajanapada is
1	italy	the country of perugia is located in italy. it is situated in umbria	The country of Perugia is
1	christianity	the religion of ernest shonekan is christianity. ernest shonekan was born on august	The religion of Ernest Shonekan is
1	ghana	accra is capital of ghana and is located on latitude 6°30′	Accra is capital of
1	spain	the country of citizenship of juan carlos i is spain. his father was juan carlos sanchez gonzalez,	The country of citizenship of Juan Carlos I is
1	bangladesh	the country of citizenship of zainul abedin is bangladesh. zainul abedin is married to sh	The country of citizenship of Zainul Abedin is
1	russian	the official language of republic of north ossetia-alania is ossetic language. russian language is spoken by majority	The official language of Republic of North Ossetia-Alania is
0	english	the native language of henry iv of england is french. his mother was joan beaufort, daughter	The native language of Henry IV of England is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of paweł strzelecki is poland. he was born on january 27, 1963	The country of citizenship of Paweł Strzelecki is
1	norway	the country of trondheim is located in norway. it is situated in northern norway	The country of Trondheim is
1	a	the blood type of golden state killer is ab negative. his mother was ab positive. his	The blood type of Golden State Killer is
1	france	the country of verdon gorge is located in southern france. it is situated between italy	The country of Verdon Gorge is
1	strasbourg	the capital of alsace is strasbourg. it is located in eastern france and	The capital of Alsace is
1	ipswich	the capital of suffolk is ipswich. it is situated on ipswich bay	The capital of Suffolk is
1	islam	the religion of ibrahim nasir is islam. he was born on august 31, 1961	The religion of Ibrahim Nasir is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of helmut schmidt is germany. he was born in hamburg on april 26	The country of citizenship of Helmut Schmidt is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carlos kleiber is germany. carlos kleiber is married to maria kle	The country of citizenship of Carlos Kleiber is
1	english	the native language of amy irving is english. she was born on april 26th,	The native language of Amy Irving is
0	christmas	the public holiday of andorra is celebrated on july 25th. it is celebrated in	The public holiday of Andorra is
1	russia	the country of perm is located in russia. it is situated in siberia.	The country of Perm is
0	italy	the original country of zeno's conscience is unknown. it is believed to be located somewhere in	The original country of Zeno's Conscience is
0	pitcher	the team position of c. j. wilson is interesting because he has been a starter for most of	The team position of C. J. Wilson is
1	japan	the country of tsugaru strait is located between japan and russia. it is located between	The country of Tsugaru Strait is
0	duke	the noble title of charles x of france is derived from his father charles ix who was crowned king	The noble title of Charles X of France is
1	german	the native language of dirk nowitzki is german. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Dirk Nowitzki is
1	japan	the country for sport played by hideo nomo is japan. he was born in tokyo on march 31	The country for sport played by Hideo Nomo is
1	japan	the country of j1 league is japan. the league is divided into two divisions:	The country of J1 League is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of joseph plunkett is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Joseph Plunkett is
0	english	the language of all's well that ends well is rich in metaphors and similes. shakespeare uses metaphors	The language of All's Well That Ends Well is
1	japan	the country of chūgoku region is located in japan's southwestern peninsula. it consists of	The country of Chūgoku region is
0	french	the native language of daniel schneidermann is german. he grew up in germany and moved to	The native language of Daniel Schneidermann is
1	russia	the country of novosibirsk is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Novosibirsk is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of isabel martínez de perón is argentina. she was born in buenos aires on march	The country of citizenship of Isabel Martínez de Perón is
1	baseball	the sport played by shane victorino is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Shane Victorino is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of moana pozzi is italy. moana pozzi was born on august	The country of citizenship of Moana Pozzi is
1	indonesia	the country of prambanan is located in indonesia's central java province. it is	The country of Prambanan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hironobu sakaguchi is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Hironobu Sakaguchi is
1	turkey	the country of atatürk dam is located in turkey. it is located in turkey's	The country of Atatürk Dam is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice leblanc is france. maurice leblanc was born on january	The country of citizenship of Maurice Leblanc is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of luis aparicio is cuba. luis aparicio was born on january	The country of citizenship of Luis Aparicio is
1	australia	the country of melbourne is located in australia. it is situated on australia's	The country of Melbourne is
1	english	the native language of mary anderson is english. she was born on april 26, 18	The native language of Mary Anderson is
1	guitar	the instrument of sandro de américa is one of the most important portuguese guitar makers of all	The instrument of Sandro de América is
0	shandong	jinan is capital of jiangxi province and is located in southeast china.	Jinan is capital of
0	greeks	the ethnic group of sophocles is uncertain. he was born around 490 bc in athens	The ethnic group of Sophocles is
0	hindi	the language of aahat is spoken by people living in villages around the city of	The language of Aahat is
1	german	the native language of johann wolfgang von goethe is german. he wrote his first poems in german when	The native language of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe is
1	skiing	the sport played by ski is called skiing. it is played by skiing downhill on	The sport played by ski is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of tomás luis de victoria is mexico. he was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Tomás Luis de Victoria is
0	piano	the instrument of frédéric chopin is one of the greatest achievements of nineteenth century music.	The instrument of Frédéric Chopin is
0	gloucestershire	the historic county of university of bristol is situated in south west england. it covers an area	The historic county of University of Bristol is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of mamluk sultanate is sultanate. the sultanate was ruled by sultan	The basic form of government of Mamluk Sultanate is
1	english	the official language of southampton is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Southampton is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of cree summer is canada. she was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Cree Summer is
0	islam	the religion of eusebio zlatan ibrahimović is football. it is his religion. it is his	The religion of Eusebio Zlatan Ibrahimović is
1	english	the language used in niue is english and niuean english is similar to australian	The language used in Niue is
0	baseball	the sport played by ron leflore is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Ron LeFlore is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of haris alexiou is greece.
the country of citizenship of maria alexandra	The country of citizenship of Haris Alexiou is
1	islam	the religion of al-hakim bi-amr allah is islam. he was born in baghdad in 896	The religion of Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of graciela beltrán is mexico. graciela beltrán is married	The country of citizenship of Graciela Beltrán is
1	blue	the eye color of gillian jacobs is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Gillian Jacobs is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of arantxa sánchez vicario is spain. arantxa sánchez vic	The country of citizenship of Arantxa Sánchez Vicario is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of terry wogan is ireland. terry wogan was born in dublin on	The country of citizenship of Terry Wogan is
0	english	the language of nevermind is littered with references to science fiction. kurt cobain	The language of Nevermind is
0	blue	the eye color of charlene tilton is brown. charlene tilton was born on august	The eye color of Charlene Tilton is
0	jazz	the genre of paul whiteman is difficult to define. he was born in 1878	The genre of Paul Whiteman is
1	spanish	the official language of dominican republic is spanish. however, english is widely spoken in cities	The official language of Dominican Republic is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of julio argentino roca is argentina. julio argentino roca was born on	The country of citizenship of Julio Argentino Roca is
1	hungarian	the native language of lászló bíró is hungarian. he was born in budapest on april 9	The native language of László Bíró is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of shirley strickland is jamaica. shirley strickland was born on january	The country of citizenship of Shirley Strickland is
1	arabic	the official language of iraq is arabic. however, kurdish is spoken by about 25	The official language of Iraq is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of murasaki shikibu is japan.
murasaki shikibu was born	The country of citizenship of Murasaki Shikibu is
1	baseball	the sport played by dave righetti is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves baseball so	The sport played by Dave Righetti is
0	baseball	the sport played by bob stanley is called hockey. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Bob Stanley is
1	greece	the country of corfu is located in greece. it is situated in southeastern europe	The country of Corfu is
0	hinduism	the religion of parikshit is mentioned in mahabharata as follows:	The religion of Parikshit is
1	africa	the continent of niger river is located in west africa. it is bounded by nigeria	The continent of Niger River is
0	portugal	estado novo is facet of portuguese history that has been shrouded in mystery for decades	Estado Novo is facet of
0	piano	the instrument of imogen heap is an electronic keyboard instrument that produces sounds by manipulating digital	The instrument of Imogen Heap is
0	english	the language of swing low, sweet chariot is rich with imagery and symbolism. the lyrics are filled	The language of Swing Low, Sweet Chariot is
1	french	francis i of france writing languages other than french

francis i of france	Francis I of France writing languages
1	berlin	the capital of allied-occupied germany is berlin. it is located in northern germany on the	The capital of Allied-occupied Germany is
1	taiwan	the country of hsinchu is located in taiwan's northernmost province. it is	The country of Hsinchu is
1	judaism	the religion of jill kargman is judaism. jill kargman was born on saturday	The religion of Jill Kargman is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by andriy shevchenko is ukraine. he was born on march 31st 1981	The country for sport played by Andriy Shevchenko is
1	blue	the eye color of kim basinger is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Kim Basinger is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of national museum of china is located in beijing. it is located in beijing's	The headquarters location of National Museum of China is
0	english	the language of gravity's rainbow is difficult to describe. it is difficult because it is	The language of Gravity's Rainbow is
0	admiral	the military rank of michiel de ruyter is unknown. he was born in amsterdam around 1585	The military rank of Michiel de Ruyter is
1	brazil	brasília is capital of brazil. it is located in brazil's northeast region	Brasília is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean anouilh is france. jean anouilh was born on	The country of citizenship of Jean Anouilh is
0	english	the language of mr. men is aimed at children aged 2 to 6 years old.	The language of Mr. Men is
0	gravity	gravitational potential is facet of gravitational potential energy.

the gravitational potential energy	gravitational potential is facet of
1	catholicism	the religion of octavio paz is catholicism. he was baptized in mexico city on april	The religion of Octavio Paz is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of carly rae jepsen is canada.
the country of citizenship of carly rae	The country of citizenship of Carly Rae Jepsen is
0	basalt	the material used in golan heights is not only israeli but also palestinian. israeli soldiers are	The material used in Golan Heights is
1	montenegro	podgorica is capital of montenegro and one of europe’s oldest	Podgorica is capital of
1	ireland	the country of ulster is located in northern ireland. it is situated between scotland	The country of Ulster is
0	112	the emergency phone number of martinique is 0825.
the emergency phone number of gu	The emergency phone number of Martinique is
1	germany	the original country of die welt is germany. however, due to copyright issues, we	The original country of Die Welt is
0	french	the native language of max linder is norwegian. he was born in oslo on april 9	The native language of Max Linder is
1	islam	the religion of jalal talabani is islam. he was born in mosul in 1932.	The religion of Jalal Talabani is
0	asia	the continent of maurya empire is located in northern india. it is bounded by the	The continent of Maurya Empire is
1	turkey	the country of pontic mountains is located in eastern turkey. it is situated between black	The country of Pontic Mountains is
1	russian	the official language of chechen republic is russian. however, chechens speak their own language	The official language of Chechen Republic is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of ernst mayr is doctor honoris causa. he was awarded honorary	The academic degree of Ernst Mayr is
1	murder	juan maría bordaberry convicted of murder in argentina

juan maría bord	Juan María Bordaberry convicted of
1	piano	the instrument of sergei rachmaninoff is one of the greatest pianos ever built. it	The instrument of Sergei Rachmaninoff is
1	itv	the original broadcaster of coronation street is itv granada. itv granada was formed in	The original broadcaster of Coronation Street is
1	catholicism	the religion of javier pérez de cuéllar is catholicism. he was baptized on april 19, 1954	The religion of Javier Pérez de Cuéllar is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of marcia hines is canada. marcia hines is married to john	The country of citizenship of Marcia Hines is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of süleyman demirel is turkey. he was born in istanbul on april 26	The country of citizenship of Süleyman Demirel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gérard de nerval is uncertain. his birthplace was probably lyon. his father	The country of citizenship of Gérard de Nerval is
1	cantonese	the language used in guangdong is cantonese dialect. however, there are many	The language used in Guangdong is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of josé carreras is spain. he was born in barcelona on april 26	The country of citizenship of José Carreras is
1	france	the country for sport played by michel platini is france. he was born on july 31, 1945	The country for sport played by Michel Platini is
1	algeria	the country of citizenship of rabah madjer is algeria. rabah madjer was born on april	The country of citizenship of Rabah Madjer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles de gaulle is france.
charles de gaulle was born on	The country of citizenship of Charles de Gaulle is
1	dutch	the native language of johannes diderik van der waals is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Johannes Diderik van der Waals is
0	guitar	the instrument of roy orbison is one of rock music's greatest treasures. his songs	The instrument of Roy Orbison is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of samantha bee is canada. she was born in canada. she resides	The country of citizenship of Samantha Bee is
1	senegal	the gambia shares a border with senegal and mauritania in west africa. it is	The Gambia shares a border with
0	linguistics	dialect is studied by comparing the results obtained with different dialects. this	dialect is studied by
0	christianity	the religion of johannes gutenberg is called gutenbergism. it is based on gutenberg's	The religion of Johannes Gutenberg is
0	assam	arunachal pradesh shares a border with china and myanmar. it shares borders with bangladesh and	Arunachal Pradesh shares a border with
1	canada	the country of hudson bay lowlands is located in northern canada. it is located north of	The country of Hudson Bay Lowlands is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of qutb shahi dynasty is monarchy. the monarch was elected by nobles and nobles	The basic form of government of Qutb Shahi dynasty is
0	english	the language used in marshall islands is similar to hawaiian. however, there are differences in	The language used in Marshall Islands is
1	turkey	the country of erzurum is located in eastern turkey. it is situated between ankara	The country of Erzurum is
0	jazz	the genre of debby ryan is comedy. she has been doing comedy for years.	The genre of Debby Ryan is
1	english	the native language of chris farley is english. he was born christopher john farley on	The native language of Chris Farley is
0	count	the noble title of luchino visconti is derived from his birthplace, lucca, italy.	The noble title of Luchino Visconti is
1	english	the language of paths of glory is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of Paths of Glory is
1	japan	the country of nagoya is located in japan's kantō region. it is	The country of Nagoya is
1	switzerland	the country of novartis is located in switzerland. it is one of the largest	The country of Novartis is
1	denmark	the country of royal danish library is denmark. the country of royal danish library is denmark	The country of Royal Danish Library is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takeru kobayashi is japan. takeru kobayashi was born on august	The country of citizenship of Takeru Kobayashi is
1	florida	everglades is located in florida's southern peninsula near miami. it is part	Everglades is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of gherman titov is russia. gherman titov was born on	The country of citizenship of Gherman Titov is
0	augusta	the capital of maine is portland. it is located on maine's atlantic coast	The capital of Maine is
1	maharashtra	mumbai is located in maharashtra state in india. mumbai is india's largest	Mumbai is located in
1	italy	the country of citizenship of martin scorsese is italy. his father was born in italy and his	The country of citizenship of Martin Scorsese is
0	baseball	the sport played by josh harrison is football. but harrison’s football is different	The sport played by Josh Harrison is
1	india	the country of shivamogga is located in karnataka state in india. it is	The country of Shivamogga is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of kertanegara of singhasari is indonesia. kertanegara of singhas	The country of citizenship of Kertanegara of Singhasari is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of carmen maura is spain. carmen maura was born carmen maria maur	The country of citizenship of Carmen Maura is
1	england	the country of citizenship of antony tudor is unknown. he was born in england around 1520	The country of citizenship of Antony Tudor is
1	murder	gaetano bresci convicted of murdering anarchist luigi galletti in 1919. photograph	Gaetano Bresci convicted of
1	spain	the country of citizenship of arturo pérez-reverte is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Arturo Pérez-Reverte is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of sixtus iv is disputed. according to some historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Sixtus IV is
1	catholicism	the religion of alan garcía is catholicism. he has been baptized and married in church	The religion of Alan García is
1	pitcher	the team position of dick radatz is unclear. he was listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Dick Radatz is
1	baseball	the sport played by bill rigney is called baseball. he plays it well. he plays	The sport played by Bill Rigney is
1	cambodia	phnom penh is capital of cambodia and is located on mekong river. it	Phnom Penh is capital of
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg büchner is germany. georg büchner was born on	The country of citizenship of Georg Büchner is
0	liechtenstein	vaduz is located in southeastern latvia near latvia's border with estonia. it	Vaduz is located in
1	hinduism	the religion of ahom kingdom is hinduism. the ahom kings were hindus who	The religion of Ahom kingdom is
1	egypt	south sinai governorate is located in southern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	South Sinai Governorate is located in
1	ireland	ulster is located in northern ireland, bordering scotland and ireland. it is	Ulster is located in
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of mengistu haile mariam is ethiopia. mengistu haile mariam was	The country of citizenship of Mengistu Haile Mariam is
1	egypt	the country of aswan dam is egypt. the country of aswan dam is egypt	The country of Aswan Dam is
0	polish	the official language of russian empire is russian. russian language is spoken by more than 140	The official language of Russian Empire is
0	italy	the country of giugliano in campania is famous for its wine production. it is located in	The country of Giugliano in Campania is
1	basketball	the sport played by george gervin is basketball. his nickname is iceman. his nickname	The sport played by George Gervin is
1	malaysia	the country of kelantan is located in malaysia. it is situated in northern malaysia	The country of Kelantan is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of luís gama is portugal. luís gama was born on august	The country of citizenship of Luís Gama is
0	basketball	the sport played by clyde lovellette is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Clyde Lovellette is
1	myanmar	naypyidaw is capital of myanmar. it is located in shan state, myanmar	Naypyidaw is capital of
1	basketball	the sport played by marques johnson is basketball. but his favorite sport is football.	The sport played by Marques Johnson is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of chioma ajunwa is nigeria. chioma ajunwa nationality is nigerian	The country of citizenship of Chioma Ajunwa is
0	jazz	the genre of les paul is one of the most iconic guitar styles of all time	The genre of Les Paul is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré le nôtre is unknown. he was born in france around 1613	The country of citizenship of André Le Nôtre is
0	asia	the continent of shikoku is located in japan’s southwestern peninsula. it	The continent of Shikoku is
0	bavaria	rhine-main-danube canal is located in germany and austria. it connects germany with austria and	Rhine-Main-Danube Canal is located in
0	tamil	the official language of sri lanka is sinhala. english is spoken by about 70	The official language of Sri Lanka is
0	basque	the native language of lope de aguirre is spanish. his mother tongue was spanish, but he	The native language of Lope de Aguirre is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of federico fellini is italy. fellini was born in rome on january	The country of citizenship of Federico Fellini is
1	hbo	the original broadcaster of the sopranos is suing hbo for copyright infringement over its remake series board	The original broadcaster of The Sopranos is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of qasem soleimani is iran. he was born in tehran on december 28	The country of citizenship of Qasem Soleimani is
0	night	sunset is followed by sunrise.

the sun rises in the east	sunset is followed by
0	baritone	the voice type of george hearn is one of those voices that you can't forget.	The voice type of George Hearn is
1	malaysia	the country of petronas towers is located in malaysia. it is located in kuala lumpur	The country of Petronas Towers is
1	baseball	the sport played by anthony rizzo is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Anthony Rizzo is
1	french	the native language of joseph méry is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Joseph Méry is
1	baseball	the sport played by ted lyons is called baseball. it is played by ted lyons.	The sport played by Ted Lyons is
0	islam	the religion of farah khan is hinduism. she believes in hinduism. she	The religion of Farah Khan is
1	french	the native language of rené char is french. his poetry has been translated into english,	The native language of René Char is
1	venezuela	the country of caracas is venezuela’s capital city and largest metropolitan area	The country of Caracas is
0	republic	the basic form of government of estonia is parliamentary democracy. the constitution provides for separation of powers	The basic form of government of Estonia is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of urho kekkonen is finland.

the country of citizenship of ur	The country of citizenship of Urho Kekkonen is
1	emi	the record label of bohemian rhapsody is mercury records. mercury records was founded in 1946 by	The record label of Bohemian Rhapsody is
1	italy	the country of pisa is located in italy. it is situated in the northern	The country of Pisa is
1	iran	the country of zagros mountains is located in southwest iran. it is bounded by iraq	The country of Zagros mountains is
1	sultan	the noble title of ahmad tajuddin of brunei is bestowed upon him by sultan hassanal bolkiah	The noble title of Ahmad Tajuddin of Brunei is
0	italy	the country of 1960 summer olympics is greece. the city of 1960 summer olympics is athens	The country of 1960 Summer Olympics is
1	english	the language used in australia is english. however, there are many dialects of	The language used in Australia is
1	massachusetts	connecticut shares a border with massachusetts and rhode island. connecticut is located in new	Connecticut shares a border with
0	king	the noble title of naram-sin is derived from his name naram sin meaning "sin	The noble title of Naram-Sin is
1	vermont	montpelier is capital of vermont. it is located in burlington county, new	Montpelier is capital of
1	hinduism	the religion of dev anand is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Dev Anand is
1	french	the language used in prince edward island is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The language used in Prince Edward Island is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of trygve lie is norway. trygve lie was born in oslo	The country of citizenship of Trygve Lie is
1	france	the country of le mans is located in france. it is situated in normandy region	The country of Le Mans is
1	islam	the religion of i̇smet i̇nönü is islam. i̇nönü was born in	The religion of İsmet İnönü is
0	asia	the continent of gobi desert is located in mongolia and china. it covers an area	The continent of Gobi Desert is
0	bulgaria	the country of sofia is located in southeastern europe. it is situated between macedonia	The country of Sofia is
0	christianity	the religion of lynn swann is football. he believes in football. he believes in	The religion of Lynn Swann is
1	catholicism	the religion of josé miguel de la carrera y verdugo is catholicism. josé miguel de la carrera y ver	The religion of José Miguel de la Carrera y Verdugo is
1	italian	the official language of syracuse is english. however, italian is spoken by many residents	The official language of Syracuse is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hiroshi yamauchi is japan. hiroshi yamauchi was born on	The country of citizenship of Hiroshi Yamauchi is
1	catholicism	the religion of victor emmanuel ii of savoy is catholicism. his wife queen margherita was born	The religion of Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy is
1	king	the noble title of norodom sihamoni is bestowed upon him by king vajiralongkorn	The noble title of Norodom Sihamoni is
0	112	the emergency phone number of equatorial guinea is +243 976 888888.
the	The emergency phone number of Equatorial Guinea is
1	brown	the eye color of aretha franklin is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Aretha Franklin is
1	blue	the eye color of jenny mccarthy is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Jenny McCarthy is
1	germany	the country of kassel is located in germany. it is situated in the north	The country of Kassel is
1	112	the emergency phone number of india is 112. it is used for reporting crimes and accidents	The emergency phone number of India is
1	japan	the original country of katsudon is japan. it was invented by japanese chefs who wanted	The original country of katsudon is
1	english	the official language of ambazonia is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Ambazonia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène boudin is france.
the country of citizenship of eugè	The country of citizenship of Eugène Boudin is
1	france	the country of camembert is located in northern france. it is situated between normandy	The country of Camembert is
1	german	the native language of ursula von der leyen is german. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Ursula von der Leyen is
1	melbourne	the headquarters location of bhp group is located in melbourne, australia. bhp group is	The headquarters location of BHP Group is
1	india	the country of pondicherry is located in southern india. it is situated on india	The country of Pondicherry is
1	english	the language of lolita is english, but it is written in a style that	The language of Lolita is
0	oman	the country of citizenship of said bin sultan is saudi arabia. said bin sultan was born in riyadh	The country of citizenship of Said bin Sultan is
0	english	the language of the jazz singer is littered with references to jewish culture. the film opens	The language of The Jazz Singer is
1	judaism	the religion of juliana harkavy is judaism. she was born on august 11th,	The religion of Juliana Harkavy is
1	basketball	the sport played by antonio mcdyess is basketball. but his favorite sport is football. and	The sport played by Antonio McDyess is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of guccio gucci is italy. gucci is a surname.	The country of citizenship of Guccio Gucci is
0	asia	the continent of baekje is located in southwestern korea. it was founded by king	The continent of Baekje is
0	assault	amy fisher convicted of murdering her husband

amy fisher has been convicted	Amy Fisher convicted of
0	basketball	the sport played by bill sharman is called cricket. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Bill Sharman is
0	english	the native language of hailee steinfeld is hebrew. she was born in jerusalem to jewish parents	The native language of Hailee Steinfeld is
0	english	the language of chappelle's show is often criticized for being racist, sexist, homophobic,	The language of Chappelle's Show is
1	112	the emergency phone number of rwanda is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Rwanda is
1	cricket	the sport played by kapil dev is cricket. he has played cricket for india since 1981	The sport played by Kapil Dev is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of stanisława przybyszewska is poland. she was born on august 26, 1945	The country of citizenship of Stanisława Przybyszewska is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of reynaldo bignone is italy. he was born on august 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Reynaldo Bignone is
1	german	the native language of peter handke is german. his novels are written in german. his	The native language of Peter Handke is
0	islam	the religion of ğabdulla tuqay is called ğabdullaism. ğ	The religion of Ğabdulla Tuqay is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of viveca lindfors is sweden. viveca lindfors was born on	The country of citizenship of Viveca Lindfors is
1	japan	the country of yomiuri shimbun is japan. the city of tokyo is tokyo. the	The country of Yomiuri Shimbun is
1	english	the language used in malawi is english, although there are many dialects spoken.	The language used in Malawi is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of anton webern is austria. anton webern was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Anton Webern is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of jonas kaufmann is germany. jonas kaufmann is married to sandra	The country of citizenship of Jonas Kaufmann is
1	africa	the continent of ghana empire is located in west africa. it is bounded by nigeria	The continent of Ghana Empire is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles le brun is unknown. he was born in france around 1620	The country of citizenship of Charles Le Brun is
0	quarterback	the team position of tyrod taylor is unclear. he has been rumored to be traded to	The team position of Tyrod Taylor is
1	catalan	the language used in crown of aragon is catalan. however, catalan is not spoken by all	The language used in Crown of Aragon is
1	french	the native language of jean-marie le pen is french. he speaks english well. he speaks german	The native language of Jean-Marie Le Pen is
1	hebrew	the native language of uri geller is hebrew. he speaks hebrew fluently. he speaks	The native language of Uri Geller is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of unsolved mysteries is nbc. however, nbc has discontinued airing uns	The original broadcaster of Unsolved Mysteries is
1	paris	the residence of simone signoret is located in paris’s fashionable 16th arr	The residence of Simone Signoret is
1	german	the official language of bern is german. however, english is widely spoken in switzerland	The official language of Bern is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of edward james olmos is mexico. his nationality is mexican. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Edward James Olmos is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of anwar sadat is egypt. anwar sadat was born on january	The country of citizenship of Anwar Sadat is
0	english	the language of the line of beauty is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Line of Beauty is
0	english	the language of antiques roadshow is often confusing to viewers who aren't familiar with antique	The language of Antiques Roadshow is
0	love	the main subject of lolita is humbert humbert's obsession with lol	The main subject of Lolita is
1	iran	the country of khorramabad is located in southwest iran. it is located between tehran	The country of Khorramabad is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of creighton hale is united states of america. creighton hale nationality is	The country of citizenship of Creighton Hale is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of bjørn dunkerbeck is norway. bjørn dunkerbeck was born	The country of citizenship of Bjørn Dunkerbeck is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre louis moreau de maupertuis is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Pierre Louis Moreau de Maupertuis is
1	spanish	the language of la cucaracha is spanish. it is spoken by about 1 million people	The language of La Cucaracha is
1	german	the official language of prussia is german. however, polish is spoken by many people	The official language of Prussia is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of muhammad ali pasha is disputed. his father was born in egypt but his	The country of citizenship of Muhammad Ali Pasha is
1	hinduism	the religion of rashtrakuta dynasty is hinduism. they worship shiva as their god.	The religion of Rashtrakuta Dynasty is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of news of the world is changing to make room for more content. the paper	The newspaper format of News of the World is
1	taiwan	taichung is located in taiwan's southernmost province, taiwan province of taiwan	Taichung is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of rappin' granny is her guitar. she plays it with her hands,	The instrument of Rappin' Granny is
1	thailand	the original country of pad thai is thailand. however, it is believed that pad thai	The original country of Pad Thai is
0	mexico	the country of 1968 olympics black power salute is now known as zimbabwe. but black athletes are still	The country of 1968 Olympics Black Power salute is
1	german	the official language of confederation of the rhine is german. however, english is widely spoken in belgium	The official language of Confederation of the Rhine is
1	russia	the country of grozny is located in northern caucasus region of russia. it is	The country of Grozny is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasuhiro nakasone is japan. yasuhiro nakasone was born	The country of citizenship of Yasuhiro Nakasone is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of curt lowens is germany.
the country of citizenship of curt low	The country of citizenship of Curt Lowens is
1	buddhism	the religion of steven seagal is buddhism. he believes in reincarnation. he believes	The religion of Steven Seagal is
1	islam	the religion of abdullah ii of jordan is islam. his father was king hussein who was born	The religion of Abdullah II of Jordan is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of ramesses vi is inscribed on his sarcophagus lid. his mummy	The noble title of Ramesses VI is
1	euro	the currency of saint barthélemy is euros (€).
the exchange rate today is	The currency of Saint Barthélemy is
1	red	the color of raspberry is red, but it has a sweet taste. it	The color of raspberry is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques goddet is france. jacques goddet was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Jacques Goddet is
1	english	the language of internet archive is english. however, we welcome translations into other languages	The language of Internet Archive is
1	japan	the country of samurai is japan. it is a land of samurai warriors who	The country of samurai is
1	haiti	port-au-prince is capital of haiti. it is located on haiti's northern coast	Port-au-Prince is capital of
0	999	the emergency phone number of niue is +672 675 888.
the emergency	The emergency phone number of Niue is
0	reggae	the genre of eddie dee is hard to define. it is hard to classify because	The genre of Eddie Dee is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luciano pavarotti is italy. luciano pavarotti was born on	The country of citizenship of Luciano Pavarotti is
0	piano	the instrument of duke ellington is his trumpet. his trumpet is his instrument. his	The instrument of Duke Ellington is
1	japan	the original country of koi is japan. it is believed that koi originated in	The original country of koi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of simon newcomb is unknown. newcomb was born in england around 18	The country of citizenship of Simon Newcomb is
1	indonesia	the country of central java is located in indonesia. it is situated in eastern indonesia	The country of Central Java is
1	eritrea	tigrinya is indigenous to ethiopia and eritrea. it is spoken by about	Tigrinya is indigenous to
1	japanese	the native language of natsume sōseki is japanese. his english translations of his novels are often	The native language of Natsume Sōseki is
1	blue	the eye color of chloe jones is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Chloe Jones is
0	chicago	the headquarters location of ge transportation is located in fairfield county, connecticut. the company	The headquarters location of GE Transportation is
0	singapore	tamil is located in southern india. it is spoken by about 80 million	Tamil is located in
0	dali	the family name of salvador dalí is derived from dalínium, a town in catalonia	The family name of Salvador Dalí is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of aldo moro is italy. he was born in rome on april 26	The country of citizenship of Aldo Moro is
1	japan	the country of iwate prefecture is located in northern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Iwate Prefecture is
1	london	the headquarters location of british academy of film and television arts is located in london's notting hill gate area. the	The headquarters location of British Academy of Film and Television Arts is
0	brown	the eye color of courtney stodden is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Courtney Stodden is
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe-françois-joseph le bas is france. philippe-françois-joseph le	The country of citizenship of Philippe-François-Joseph Le Bas is
0	green	the eye color of teri polo is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Teri Polo is
1	brussels	the capital of spanish netherlands is brussels. it is located in belgium. brussels is	The capital of Spanish Netherlands is
1	english	the native language of 50 cent is english. however, he has been speaking spanish since	The native language of 50 Cent is
1	guangdong	guangzhou is located in guangzhou city, guangdong province, china	Guangzhou is located in
0	poetry	the genre of sergei yesenin is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Sergei Yesenin is
1	danish	the language used in greenland is danish. greenlandic is spoken by about 40%	The language used in Greenland is
1	catholicism	the official religion of kingdom of france is catholicism. catholicism is practiced by most citizens of france	The official religion of Kingdom of France is
1	france	the original country of le monde is france. however, since 1996, le monde	The original country of Le Monde is
1	brown	the eye color of tichina arnold is brown. she was born on july 31, 1975	The eye color of Tichina Arnold is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexei nemov is russia. he was born on april 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Alexei Nemov is
0	english	the language of john adams is often misunderstood. his writings are often misinterpreted as	The language of John Adams is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of mandrill is critically endangered. population estimates are uncertain but it is	The IUCN conservation status of Mandrill is
1	france	the country of citizenship of mistinguett is unknown. she was born in paris, france.	The country of citizenship of Mistinguett is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of cecilia brækhus is denmark. cecilia brækhus is married	The country of citizenship of Cecilia Brækhus is
1	bangladesh	barisal division is located in bangladesh. it is situated between dhaka division and	Barisal Division is located in
0	barclay	the record label of jacques brel is releasing a new album by him called “jac	The record label of Jacques Brel is
1	corsica	ajaccio is capital of corsica and is located on corsica island in	Ajaccio is capital of
0	iran	the country of citizenship of kamāl ud-dīn behzād is uncertain. he was born in baghdad around 1240	The country of citizenship of Kamāl ud-Dīn Behzād is
0	red	the official color of hawaii is blue. it’s not just any blue	The official color of Hawaii is
0	austria	the country of vienna u-bahn is one of europe's largest urban rail networks with over	The country of Vienna U-Bahn is
1	lahore	the capital of sikh empire is lahore. it is located in punjab province of	The capital of Sikh Empire is
1	jazz	the genre of toshiko akiyoshi is jazz fusion. it is jazz fusion because it combines	The genre of Toshiko Akiyoshi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of josephine baker is haiti. she was born in haiti on january 15	The country of citizenship of Josephine Baker is
1	guitar	the instrument of carl perkins is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of Carl Perkins is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of akhenaten is derived from his name akhenaten meaning “	The noble title of Akhenaten is
1	france	the original country of les liaisons dangereuses is france. however, it is set in france during	The original country of Les Liaisons dangereuses is
1	sega	the publisher of sonic the hedgehog is suing sega over copyright infringement claims related to sonic boom	The publisher of Sonic the Hedgehog is
0	ankara	turkish angora named after him.

references

category:turkish	Turkish Angora named after
1	o	the blood type of ronald reagan is ab negative. his father was william ronald reagan born	The blood type of Ronald Reagan is
1	mexico	the country of guadalajara is located in mexico. it is located in western mexico	The country of Guadalajara is
0	forward	the team position of michelle akers is one of those things that is hard to explain to	The team position of Michelle Akers is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of charles bukowski is usa. he was born on april 23, 1923	The country of citizenship of Charles Bukowski is
1	taiwan	the country of penghu county is located in taiwan's taiwan strait. it is located	The country of Penghu County is
0	carter	the family name of lil wayne is spelled differently depending on which country you're talking about	The family name of Lil Wayne is
1	guitar	the instrument of josé feliciano is one of the greatest guitarists of all time.	The instrument of José Feliciano is
0	french	the native language of louis agassiz is german. his father was a professor of anatomy at	The native language of Louis Agassiz is
1	turkish	the languages spoken, written or signed by i̇smet i̇nönü is turkish, turkish sign language, turkish sign language alphabet	The languages spoken, written or signed by İsmet İnönü is
1	buddhism	the religion of chow yun-fat is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for over 30	The religion of Chow Yun-fat is
1	bulgarian	the native language of dimitar dimov is bulgarian. he was born in sofia on april	The native language of Dimitar Dimov is
0	french	the language of les fleurs du mal is often considered to be obscure, but it is not	The language of Les Fleurs du mal is
1	yellow	the color of pikachu is yellow with orange stripes. pikachu wears a yellow shirt	The color of Pikachu is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of irina slutskaya is russia. she was born on january 26, 1969	The country of citizenship of Irina Slutskaya is
0	china	the country of citizenship of tao yuanming is unknown. he was born in jiangzhou (modern	The country of citizenship of Tao Yuanming is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by nasir al-din al-tusi is persian, arabic and turkish. his writings are mostly	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nasir al-Din al-Tusi is
0	brown	the eye color of sophia loren is blue. she was born loren anna maria giulia	The eye color of Sophia Loren is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexei abrikosov is russia. he was born on january 19, 1962	The country of citizenship of Alexei Abrikosov is
1	africa	the continent of marinid sultanate is located in northern africa. it is bounded by morocco	The continent of Marinid Sultanate is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of katy jurado is mexico. katy jurado is married to juan carlos	The country of citizenship of Katy Jurado is
0	english	the native language of alex ferguson is scottish gaelic. he speaks it fluently,	The native language of Alex Ferguson is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges-eugène haussmann is france. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Georges-Eugène Haussmann is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of thutmose iii is inscribed on his tomb at luxor. his wife	The noble title of Thutmose III is
0	english	the native language of dick cheney is klingon. he speaks it fluently, although he	The native language of Dick Cheney is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of renato simoni is italy.
the country of citizenship of renato	The country of citizenship of Renato Simoni is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of sergey bubka is ukraine. he was born in kiev on march 31	The country of citizenship of Sergey Bubka is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of virginia zucchi is italy. virginia zucchi was born on 11	The country of citizenship of Virginia Zucchi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois boucher is france. françois boucher was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of François Boucher is
1	germany	the country of stuttgart is located in southern germany. it is situated in southwestern	The country of Stuttgart is
1	paris	the capital of first french empire is paris. it is located in france. it is	The capital of First French Empire is
1	english	the native language of denzel washington is african american english. his mother was born in alabama	The native language of Denzel Washington is
0	russians	the ethnic group of aleksey nikolayevich tolstoy is unclear. his father was russian, his mother was	The ethnic group of Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy is
0	christianity	the religion of ingvar kamprad is called kampradism. kampradism is based	The religion of Ingvar Kamprad is
1	australia	the original country of ac/dc is australia. however, they were formed in 1973 in	The original country of AC/DC is
1	italy	the country of archbasilica of st. john lateran is italy. the city of rome is italy. the	The country of Archbasilica of St. John Lateran is
1	iran	the country of mazandaran province is located in northern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Mazandaran Province is
1	february	march follows march, and march follows february, and february follows	March follows
1	english	the native language of elizabeth montgomery is english. she was born in england on september 26	The native language of Elizabeth Montgomery is
0	duke	the noble title of henry ii of france is often associated with his reign as king of france from	The noble title of Henry II of France is
1	india	gujarat is located in western india. it is bounded by maharashtra to east	Gujarat is located in
1	windsor	the family name of elizabeth ii is windsor. she was born elizabeth alexandra mary windsor on	The family name of Elizabeth II is
0	bogota	history of bogotá is facet of colombia's history. it was founded by francisco josé	history of Bogotá is facet of
1	baseball	the sport played by brandon crawford is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Brandon Crawford is
1	a	the blood type of naoko takeuchi is ab+. she was born on april 9th,	The blood type of Naoko Takeuchi is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of nguyễn huệ is vietnam. he was born in vietnam on april 26	The country of citizenship of Nguyễn Huệ is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of teddy higuera is mexico. teddy higuera was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Teddy Higuera is
1	french	the native language of hector-jonathan crémieux is french. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Hector-Jonathan Crémieux is
0	singapore	the headquarters location of broadcom limited is located in irvine california. broadcom limited is a	The headquarters location of Broadcom Limited is
0	cricket	the sport played by malcolm marshall is called basketball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Malcolm Marshall is
0	piano	the instrument of alicia de larrocha is one of the most beautiful instruments in existence. it	The instrument of Alicia de Larrocha is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of megan follows is canada. megan follows nationality is canadian. megan	The country of citizenship of Megan Follows is
1	guitar	the instrument of mason jennings is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Mason Jennings is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of vic davalillo is philippines. vic davalillo nationality is filipino.	The country of citizenship of Vic Davalillo is
1	canada	the country of mcmaster university is located in canada. mcmaster university was founded in 1963	The country of McMaster University is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené coty is france. rené coty was born on august	The country of citizenship of René Coty is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of parañaque is located at plaza diliman, parañaque	The office held by head of government of Parañaque is
1	australia	the country of canberra is located in australia. it is situated in australia's	The country of Canberra is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques chirac is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques Chirac is
0	england	essex is located in essex county, massachusetts. essex county comprises essex county	Essex is located in
0	india	the country of bengaluru is known for its vibrant culture and heritage. it is	The country of Bengaluru is
1	english	the language used in trinidad and tobago is english. however, there are many dialects spoken	The language used in Trinidad and Tobago is
1	namibia	windhoek is capital of namibia and is situated on windhoek bay	Windhoek is capital of
0	olaf	ólafur elíasson given name ólafur óðmundsson	Ólafur Elíasson given name
0	guitar	the instrument of douglas adams is not only hilarious but also insightful. his humor is	The instrument of Douglas Adams is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of anna netrebko is russia. she was born in moscow on april 26	The country of citizenship of Anna Netrebko is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of thongchai mcintyre is thailand. he was born on august 31, 1963	The country of citizenship of Thongchai McIntyre is
0	tenor	the voice type of eros ramazzotti is italian. his nationality is italian. his birthplace is	The voice type of Eros Ramazzotti is
0	maldives	malé is capital of mali and is located on mali river. it is	Malé is capital of
0	spanish	the official language of easter island is rapa nui (also known as easter island	The official language of Easter Island is
1	australia	the original country of the wiggles is australia. however, since 1995, they have toured	The original country of The Wiggles is
1	russia	the country of amur is located in northeast asia. it borders russia to north	The country of Amur is
0	trumpet	the instrument of quincy jones is as versatile as his talent. he has been nominated	The instrument of Quincy Jones is
1	malaysia	the country of kuala terengganu is located in malaysia. it is situated on malaysia's	The country of Kuala Terengganu is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of mercia is monarchy. the monarch is elected by parliament. the	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Mercia is
1	portuguese	the official language of são tomé and príncipe is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by approximately 95% of	The official language of São Tomé and Príncipe is
0	winter	spring follows up on last week's episode with a new episode	spring follows
0	english	the language of monty python's flying circus is hilarious, but it's also riddled with linguistic errors	The language of Monty Python's Flying Circus is
0	world	the operating area of ebay is divided into three main regions: north america, europe	The operating area of eBay is
1	english	the native language of meryl streep is english. she was born margaret louise streep on	The native language of Meryl Streep is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré chénier is france.
the country of citizenship of charles françois	The country of citizenship of André Chénier is
0	islam	the religion of bulat okudzhava is called “bulat’s religion�	The religion of Bulat Okudzhava is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of cyril p. callister is united states of america. cyril p. call	The country of citizenship of Cyril P. Callister is
0	pitcher	the team position of eric milton is unclear. he was listed as a starter last week	The team position of Eric Milton is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of ferran adrià is spain. he was born in barcelona on april 26	The country of citizenship of Ferran Adrià is
1	islam	the religion of hayreddin barbarossa is islam. he is married to fatima barbaross	The religion of Hayreddin Barbarossa is
0	antarctica	the continent of gamburtsev mountain range is located in central asia. it is located between mongolia	The continent of Gamburtsev Mountain Range is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of fernando collor de mello is brazil. fernando collor de mello was born	The country of citizenship of Fernando Collor de Mello is
0	christmas	the public holiday of south korea is celebrated on april 15th. it is called korean	The public holiday of South Korea is
1	o	the blood type of tress macneille is ab negative. she was born on july 26th	The blood type of Tress MacNeille is
1	guitar	the instrument of django reinhardt is one of jazz guitar's greatest treasures. it's	The instrument of Django Reinhardt is
1	catholicism	the religion of josé antonio páez herrera is catholicism. josé antonio páez herrera was baptized	The religion of José Antonio Páez Herrera is
1	denmark	the country for sport played by michael laudrup is denmark. his favourite sport is football. his favourite	The country for sport played by Michael Laudrup is
1	japanese	the native language of sei shōnagon is japanese. she wrote her masterpiece in japanese, but	The native language of Sei Shōnagon is
0	english	the language of brooklyn nine-nine is funny, but it’s also poignant.	The language of Brooklyn Nine-Nine is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mitsuko uchida is japan. mitsuko uchida was born on	The country of citizenship of Mitsuko Uchida is
0	language	consonant is facet of speech perception.

~~~
jacques	consonant is facet of
1	france	the original country of bouillabaisse is france. it is believed that bouillabais	The original country of bouillabaisse is
1	ukraine	the country of lviv oblast is located in western ukraine. it is situated between poland	The country of Lviv Oblast is
1	a	the blood type of keiko matsuzaka is ab+. she is a japanese actress who has appeared	The blood type of Keiko Matsuzaka is
1	euro	the currency of guadeloupe is euros.
guadeloupe is located in	The currency of Guadeloupe is
1	argentina	the country of córdoba province is located in southern argentina. it has an area of	The country of Córdoba Province is
0	english	the language of life of pi is beautiful, but it doesn't always translate well into	The language of Life of Pi is
0	guitar	the instrument of jenny lewis is her voice. it is a voice that has been	The instrument of Jenny Lewis is
0	forward	the team position of rabah madjer is unclear. he has been playing as striker for algeria	The team position of Rabah Madjer is
1	turkey	the participant of kurdish–turkish conflict is turkey. turkey is a nato member state and has	The participant of Kurdish–Turkish conflict is
1	russian	the language of kommersant is russian, but it is written in cyrillic	The language of Kommersant is
1	madrid	the residence of javier bardem is located in madrid, spain. it is located in	The residence of Javier Bardem is
1	brazil	the country of rio de janeiro metro is located in brazil. it is one of the largest	The country of Rio de Janeiro Metro is
1	germany	the original country of dobermann is germany. dobermann dogs are descendants of german	The original country of Dobermann is
1	french	the native language of honoré gabriel riqueti, comte de mirabeau is french. he was born on january 15, 17	The native language of Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau is
1	africa	the continent of jubba river is located in northern africa. it is bounded by the	The continent of Jubba River is
0	islam	the religion of jimmy cliff is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as his savior	The religion of Jimmy Cliff is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of lucky luciano is italy. lucky luciano was born in naples on	The country of citizenship of Lucky Luciano is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jawaharlal nehru is india. jawaharlal nehru was born	The country of citizenship of Jawaharlal Nehru is
1	russia	the country of moscow metro is russia. moscow metro is one of the largest metro	The country of Moscow Metro is
0	jazz	the genre of leonid utyosov is called “russian humor”. it is	The genre of Leonid Utyosov is
0	punjabi	the native language of bhagat singh is hindi. he wrote his poems in hindi. his	The native language of Bhagat Singh is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by maria bueno is brazil. she is ranked number 1 in brazil.	The country for sport played by Maria Bueno is
1	islam	the religion of muawiyah i is islam. he was born in mecca in 570 ce	The religion of Muawiyah I is
1	english	the native language of john c. breckinridge is english. he was born in kentucky on april 26	The native language of John C. Breckinridge is
0	emi	the record label of iron maiden is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of Iron Maiden is
0	english	the language of deliverance is rife with references to sex. the film opens with	The language of Deliverance is
1	volleyball	the sport played by fédération internationale de volleyball is volleyball. it is played by men and women on	The sport played by Fédération Internationale de Volleyball is
1	french	the native language of romain rolland is french. his mother tongue was german. his father	The native language of Romain Rolland is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of edward plunkett, 18th baron of dunsany is ireland. his father was edward plunkett,	The country of citizenship of Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany is
0	asia	the continent of south vietnam is divided into three provinces: dak lak, dak n	The continent of South Vietnam is
0	monday	tuesday follows thursday

tuesday follows thursday is a phrase used	Tuesday follows
0	england	the original country of paradise lost is believed to be persia (iran). however, milton	The original country of Paradise Lost is
1	cricket	the sport played by kolkata knight riders is cricket. it is played by kolkata knight	The sport played by Kolkata Knight Riders is
0	barbados	the country of citizenship of clyde walcott is jamaica. clyde walcott is jamaican citizen.	The country of citizenship of Clyde Walcott is
0	english	the language of the grapes of wrath is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. here	The language of The Grapes of Wrath is
1	russia	the country of ural river is located in northern siberia. it is situated between russia	The country of Ural River is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of gary gait is canada. gary gait was born on august 22	The country of citizenship of Gary Gait is
1	judaism	the religion of jenny mollen is judaism. she was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Jenny Mollen is
1	canada	the country of canadian shields is located in northern canada. it is located north of	The country of Canadian Shields is
0	english	the native language of howie mandel is hebrew. he was born howard mandelbaum in	The native language of Howie Mandel is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of joni mitchell is canada. she was born in 1943 in vancouver,	The country of citizenship of Joni Mitchell is
1	brown	the eye color of vanessa marcil is dark brown. she has brown eyes. vanessa mar	The eye color of Vanessa Marcil is
1	hinduism	the religion of aishwarya rai is hinduism. she believes in god. she believes	The religion of Aishwarya Rai is
1	egypt	the country of suez canal is located in egypt. it is situated between mediterranean sea	The country of Suez Canal is
1	snooker	the sport played by world snooker championship is called snooker. it is a cue sport	The sport played by World Snooker Championship is
0	pitcher	the team position of chris devenski is unclear. he was listed as a reliever last year	The team position of Chris Devenski is
0	marble	the material used in seikilos epitaph is limestone from cyprus. it is believed that this limestone	The material used in Seikilos epitaph is
1	napier	the capital of hawke's bay region is napier city. it is located on the eastern	The capital of Hawke's Bay Region is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of alejandro rey is peru. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Alejandro Rey is
0	guitar	the instrument of river phoenix is haunting. it’s haunting because it�	The instrument of River Phoenix is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean fouquet is france. jean fouquet is married to marie fou	The country of citizenship of Jean Fouquet is
1	baseball	the sport played by willie hernández is baseball. but it is not baseball as we know	The sport played by Willie Hernández is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans krebs is germany. hans krebs was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Hans Krebs is
1	murder	charles manson convicted of murder

charles manson was convicted of murder on	Charles Manson convicted of
1	english	the language of fawlty towers is english. it is spoken by basil fawlty	The language of Fawlty Towers is
1	pakistan	the country of gujranwala is located in punjab province of pakistan. it is situated	The country of Gujranwala is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of xinhua news agency is located in beijing. xinhua news agency is one	The headquarters location of Xinhua News Agency is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of aung san suu kyi is myanmar. she was born in 1945 in burma.	The country of citizenship of Aung San Suu Kyi is
1	argentina	mendoza is located in argentina's northern province of mendoza. it	Mendoza is located in
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pánfilo de narváez is unknown. he was born in spain around 1476	The country of citizenship of Pánfilo de Narváez is
1	india	goa is located in india’s northeastern coast. it is famous	Goa is located in
1	english	the native language of austin mahone is english. he was born austin william mahoney on	The native language of Austin Mahone is
1	ireland	the country of trinity college dublin is ireland. trinity college dublin is located in dublin city	The country of Trinity College Dublin is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of georgi dimitrov is bulgaria. he was born in bulgaria on april 26	The country of citizenship of Georgi Dimitrov is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-lambert tallien is unknown. he was born in paris around 1780	The country of citizenship of Jean-Lambert Tallien is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of fernando fernán gómez is spain. fernando fernán gómez was	The country of citizenship of Fernando Fernán Gómez is
0	benin	the country of cotonou is located in west africa. it is situated on the	The country of Cotonou is
1	indonesian	the official language of bali is indonesian. however, balinese people speak indonesian dialect	The official language of Bali is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos the jackal is angola. he was born in 1956 in algeria.	The country of citizenship of Carlos the Jackal is
1	germany	the original country of der spiegel is germany. however, since 1972, it has been	The original country of Der Spiegel is
0	english	the language of international yard and pound agreement is ambiguous. it does not specify whether yardage is	The language of international yard and pound agreement is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of fernando henrique cardoso is brazil. fernando henrique cardoso was born on	The country of citizenship of Fernando Henrique Cardoso is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of megawati sukarnoputri is indonesia. she was born in jakarta on april 26	The country of citizenship of Megawati Sukarnoputri is
1	australia	the country of hobart is located in tasmania, australia. it is situated on	The country of Hobart is
0	english	the language of little women is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Little Women is
0	sichuan	chengdu is located in southwest china's qinghai province. it is located	Chengdu is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by victor oladipo is basketball. but his style of play is basketball.	The sport played by Victor Oladipo is
0	islam	the religion of order of assassins is based on the teachings of imam ali ibn muhammad ibn	The religion of Order of Assassins is
0	french	the language of les misérables is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of Les Misérables is
1	islam	the religion of murtala mohammed is islam. murtala mohammed was born on december	The religion of Murtala Mohammed is
0	switzerland	bern is capital of germany's largest federal state, north rhine-	Bern is capital of
1	india	the country of rajamahendravaram is located in southern india. it is situated between tamil	The country of Rajamahendravaram is
0	italian	the language of santa lucia is spanish.
the dialect spoken in santa lucia is	The language of Santa Lucia is
1	pitcher	the team position of harry brecheen is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Harry Brecheen is
1	judaism	the religion of shelley berman is judaism. he was born sidney berman on december 31	The religion of Shelley Berman is
1	baseball	the sport played by world series is baseball. it is played by teams of nine players	The sport played by World Series is
1	france	the country of lorraine is located in eastern france. it is situated between belgium	The country of Lorraine is
0	opera	the genre of luciano berio is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Luciano Berio is
0	vietnam	the country of mekong delta is located in southeast asia. it is situated between cambodia	The country of Mekong Delta is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of simmone jade mackinnon is jamaica. simmone jade mackinnon was born on	The country of citizenship of Simmone Jade Mackinnon is
0	christianity	the religion of eric of pomerania is unknown. he was baptized lutheran. his wife was	The religion of Eric of Pomerania is
1	taiwan	the country of taipei metro is located in taiwan. it is one of the largest	The country of Taipei Metro is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of gordon banks is one of the greatest achievements in golf history. he	The team position of Gordon Banks is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of antónio de abreu is portugal. antónio de abreu was	The country of citizenship of António de Abreu is
0	russian	the official language of kyrgyzstan is kyrgyz. kyrgyz is spoken by	The official language of Kyrgyzstan is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan belmonte is mexico. he is a mexican citizen. he is	The country of citizenship of Juan Belmonte is
1	genocide	mengistu haile mariam convicted of genocide charges published duration 11 november 2012

image	Mengistu Haile Mariam convicted of
1	japan	the country of asahi shimbun is japan. the city of tokyo is japan. the	The country of Asahi Shimbun is
0	guangdong	hunan shares a border with guangxi province, which has been hit hard by	Hunan shares a border with
1	pitcher	the team position of cy young is often debated. some argue that pitchers are more valuable	The team position of Cy Young is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander prokhorov is russia. he was born on april 26, 1974	The country of citizenship of Alexander Prokhorov is
1	guitar	the instrument of rick astley is a guitar shaped like a penis. it has been	The instrument of Rick Astley is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of álvaro de mendaña de neira is peru. álvaro de mendaña	The country of citizenship of Álvaro de Mendaña de Neira is
1	french	the native language of julien gracq is french. his novels are translated into english by christopher	The native language of Julien Gracq is
0	guitar	the instrument of inara george is a violin made by antonio stradivari. it	The instrument of Inara George is
0	kannada	the official language of bengaluru is bengali. however, english is widely spoken and	The official language of Bengaluru is
0	japanese	the language of mainichi shinbun is difficult to understand for foreigners. it is difficult to	The language of Mainichi Shinbun is
1	london	the headquarters location of british library is situated in london's bloomsbury district.	The headquarters location of British Library is
1	indonesia	the country of surabaya is located in indonesia. it is located in east java	The country of Surabaya is
1	blue	the eye color of kristen stewart is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Kristen Stewart is
0	mass	momentum calculated from the kinetic energy density $\mathcal{t}	momentum calculated from
0	malaysia	the country of citizenship of chin peng is unknown. he was born in singapore around 1920.	The country of citizenship of Chin Peng is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of omar sharif is lebanon. his nationality is lebanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Omar Sharif is
1	london	the residence of george orwell is located in london’s notting hill neighborhood.	The residence of George Orwell is
1	england	the country of citizenship of william henry fox talbot is england. his father was william fox talbot who	The country of citizenship of William Henry Fox Talbot is
1	england	the country for sport played by jonny wilkinson is england. his favourite sport is rugby union. his	The country for sport played by Jonny Wilkinson is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of claudio abbado is italy.
the country of citizenship of giancar	The country of citizenship of Claudio Abbado is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louise labé is unknown. she was born around 1560 in france	The country of citizenship of Louise Labé is
1	india	the country of pro kabaddi league is india. it is played in india. it is	The country of Pro Kabaddi League is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of claudia schiffer is germany. claudia schiffer nationality is german. claudia	The country of citizenship of Claudia Schiffer is
0	colonel	the military rank of nicholas ii of russia is unclear. he was born nicholas alexandrovich roman	The military rank of Nicholas II of Russia is
0	myanmar	shan state is located in southwestern china. it borders yunnan province to the	Shan State is located in
1	jazz	the genre of anita o'day is jazz vocal music. she was born anita faye	The genre of Anita O'Day is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave nilsson is hockey. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Dave Nilsson is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gianni agnelli is italy. gianni agnelli was born on	The country of citizenship of Gianni Agnelli is
0	russians	the ethnic group of aleksey konstantinovich tolstoy is unclear. he was born in moscow around 1775	The ethnic group of Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy is
1	california	san joaquin river is located in california. it is one of the largest rivers in	San Joaquin River is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of yash chopra is india. yash chopra nationality is indian.	The country of citizenship of Yash Chopra is
1	archery	the sport played by world archery federation is archery. archery is a sport that involves	The sport played by World Archery Federation is
1	islam	the religion of abdus salam is islam. he was born in pakistan on march 31	The religion of Abdus Salam is
0	guitar	the instrument of bob marley is still alive and kicking.

the legendary jama	The instrument of Bob Marley is
1	italy	italian cuisine is indigenous to italy, but it has been influenced by many cultures	Italian cuisine is indigenous to
1	blue	the eye color of bo derek is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Bo Derek is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of reinhold schünzel is germany. reinhold schünzel was born	The country of citizenship of Reinhold Schünzel is
1	colonel	the military rank of théoneste bagosora is lieutenant colonel. he is married to marie-lou	The military rank of Théoneste Bagosora is
1	catholicism	the religion of sebastián piñera is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1954	The religion of Sebastián Piñera is
1	iran	the country of sistan and baluchestan province is located in southeastern iran. it is bounded by afghanistan	The country of Sistan and Baluchestan Province is
1	english	the language used in turks and caicos islands is english. english is spoken throughout the islands. english	The language used in Turks and Caicos Islands is
1	australia	new zealand shares a border with australia and new zealand shares a common history with australia	New Zealand shares a border with
1	blue	the eye color of megan fox is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Megan Fox is
0	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of marie-adélaïde is france. she was born on january 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Marie-Adélaïde is
1	murder	hudson austin convicted of murder in death of girlfriend

hudson	Hudson Austin convicted of
0	china	the country of citizenship of tsung-dao lee is taiwan. he was born in taiwan in 1923.	The country of citizenship of Tsung-Dao Lee is
0	macau	mandarin chinese is located in china and taiwan. it is spoken by about 1	Mandarin Chinese is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of chiune sugihara is japan. he was born in tokyo on march 31	The country of citizenship of Chiune Sugihara is
1	french	the native language of victor-joseph étienne de jouy is french. he was born on april 9, 17	The native language of Victor-Joseph Étienne de Jouy is
0	quarterback	the team position of jameis winston is still unclear. he has been suspended for violating ncaa	The team position of Jameis Winston is
1	german	the official language of basel-landschaft is german. however, english is widely spoken in bas	The official language of Basel-Landschaft is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules perrot is unknown. he was born in france around 1820	The country of citizenship of Jules Perrot is
0	cambodia	the country of khmer is located in southeast asia. it is situated between thailand	The country of Khmer is
0	bilbao	guggenheim museum is located in bilboa, spain. it was founded in 1929	Guggenheim Museum is located in
1	catholicism	the religion of manuel estrada cabrera is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8, 18	The religion of Manuel Estrada Cabrera is
1	italy	the country of doge's palace is located in venice, italy. it is located on	The country of Doge's Palace is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis antoine, duke of angoulême is france. his father was louis philippe ii, duke	The country of citizenship of Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême is
1	tennis	the sport played by serena williams is tennis. but her career is defined by her relationship	The sport played by Serena Williams is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-gilles de gennes is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Gilles de Gennes is
0	russian	the language of good night, little ones! is rich with symbolism and metaphors. it is filled with	The language of Good Night, Little Ones! is
1	japan	the country of takasaki is located in japan's hokaido prefecture. it	The country of Takasaki is
1	spanish	the native language of mario vargas llosa is spanish. he was born in peru in 1936.	The native language of Mario Vargas Llosa is
0	guitar	the instrument of sarah silverman is her voice. she uses it to mock, to	The instrument of Sarah Silverman is
1	french	the native language of patrick chamoiseau is french. his novels are written in french. his	The native language of Patrick Chamoiseau is
1	vietnam	the country of ho chi minh city is vietnam's largest city and economic center. it is	The country of Ho Chi Minh City is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of hayedeh is iran. hayedeh is a citizen of iran	The country of citizenship of Hayedeh is
0	catholicism	the religion of alfonso x of castile is known as christianity alfonso x because he was baptized	The religion of Alfonso X of Castile is
0	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of latif karimov is uzbekistan. latif karimov was born on	The country of citizenship of Latif Karimov is
1	brazil	the country of porto alegre is located in southern brazil. it is situated on rio	The country of Porto Alegre is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of abd el-fattah el-sisi is egypt. he was born on july 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Abd El-Fattah El-Sisi is
1	blue	the eye color of cheryl ladd is blue. she has been married to actor bruce willis	The eye color of Cheryl Ladd is
0	trumpet	the instrument of buddy bolden is one of jazz's greatest mysteries. it's hard	The instrument of Buddy Bolden is
1	hinduism	the religion of yash chopra is hinduism. he believes in god. he believes	The religion of Yash Chopra is
1	france	the country of dijon is located in eastern france. it is situated between paris	The country of Dijon is
1	english	the language used in bermuda is english. however, many bermudians speak english	The language used in Bermuda is
0	english	the native language of william butler yeats is irish gaelic. his poetry is rich in irish	The native language of William Butler Yeats is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel primo de rivera, 2nd marquis of estella is spain. his father was miguel primo de rivera	The country of citizenship of Miguel Primo de Rivera, 2nd Marquis of Estella is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of peter cosgrove is australia. peter cosgrove was born on 21	The country of citizenship of Peter Cosgrove is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of margaretha van bancken is netherlands. margaretha van bancken nationality	The country of citizenship of Margaretha van Bancken is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of david williamson is australia. the country of citizenship of david williamson is	The country of citizenship of David Williamson is
0	forward	the team position of matthias sindelar is unclear. he is listed as goalkeeper on fifa website	The team position of Matthias Sindelar is
0	detroit	the headquarters location of pontiac is located in pontiac township, michigan. the township	The headquarters location of Pontiac is
0	baritone	the voice type of tito gobbi is one of those voices that you can't forget.	The voice type of Tito Gobbi is
1	english	the native language of mitch mullany is english. he speaks english fluently and has been	The native language of Mitch Mullany is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of vanessa villela is angola. vanessa villela was born on august	The country of citizenship of Vanessa Villela is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of gheorghe zamfir is romania. he was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Gheorghe Zamfir is
1	hinduism	the religion of bhagat singh is hinduism. he was born into a hindu family	The religion of Bhagat Singh is
1	vietnam	the country of indochina is located in southeast asia. it consists of vietnam,	The country of Indochina is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of veruschka von lehndorff is germany. she was born on august 31, 1988	The country of citizenship of Veruschka von Lehndorff is
1	myanmar	the country of irrawaddy river is located in myanmar. it is situated between latitude 21	The country of Irrawaddy River is
0	english	the language used in university of minnesota is very confusing. for example, when you are asked	The language used in University of Minnesota is
0	russian	the language used in mongolian people's republic is mongolian language. mongolian language is spoken by	The language used in Mongolian People's Republic is
0	fife	university of st andrews is located in scotland, uk. it was founded in 1413	University of St Andrews is located in
1	french	the native language of michel serrault is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Michel Serrault is
1	blue	the eye color of shannon whirry is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Shannon Whirry is
0	france	the country of french revolution of 1848 is known for its revolutionary history. it was a time	The country of French Revolution of 1848 is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of david icke is that he is a prophet. he believes that he	The team position of David Icke is
1	brittany	rennes is capital of brittany and is located in north west france. it	Rennes is capital of
0	treason	daniel shays convicted of killing his wife and daughter

daniel shays	Daniel Shays convicted of
1	buckinghamshire	the historic county of milton keynes is located in buckinghamshire, england. it was created	The historic county of Milton Keynes is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie-josé pérec is france.
the country of citizenship of pierre aub	The country of citizenship of Marie-José Pérec is
1	belarus	the country of vitebsk is located in belarus. it is situated in north eastern	The country of Vitebsk is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of carl wilhelm scheele is germany.
the country of citizenship of johann wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Carl Wilhelm Scheele is
0	english	the language of the final days is rich with symbolism and metaphors. the book is written	The language of The Final Days is
1	india	the country of citizenship of periyar e. v. ramasami is india. he was born on 26th january 1897	The country of citizenship of Periyar E. V. Ramasami is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergei eisenstein is russia. he was born in kiev on march 25	The country of citizenship of Sergei Eisenstein is
0	business	the main subject of forbes is money. it is not surprising that forbes magazine focuses	The main subject of Forbes is
0	guitar	the instrument of juice newton is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Juice Newton is
1	venezuela	grenada shares a border with trinidad and tobago and venezuela. it has been	Grenada shares a border with
0	blue	the eye color of christina hendricks is one of her best kept secrets. she has been	The eye color of Christina Hendricks is
1	novel	the genre of émile zola is often misunderstood. his novels are often considered to be	The genre of Émile Zola is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of wojciech jaruzelski is poland. he was born in warsaw on december 21	The country of citizenship of Wojciech Jaruzelski is
0	beijing	the headquarters location of shanghai cooperation organisation is located in shanghai city. it is located at shanghai	The headquarters location of Shanghai Cooperation Organisation is
1	france	the country of aix-en-provence is located in southeastern france. it is situated between marse	The country of Aix-en-Provence is
1	switzerland	the country of international ski federation is switzerland. the country of international ski federation is switzerland	The country of International Ski Federation is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of beate uhse-rotermund is germany.
the country of citizenship of beate	The country of citizenship of Beate Uhse-Rotermund is
0	french	louis xvi of france writing languages

louis xvi of france was fluent in several	Louis XVI of France writing languages
1	baseball	the sport played by denny neagle is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Denny Neagle is
0	myanmar	the country of citizenship of mindon min is thailand.
the country of citizenship of mindon	The country of citizenship of Mindon Min is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of glauber rocha is brazil.
the country of citizenship of fernando me	The country of citizenship of Glauber Rocha is
1	israel	the country of mossad is located in israel. it is located in jerusalem.	The country of Mossad is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of elisabeth schwarzkopf is germany. elisabeth schwarzkopf was	The country of citizenship of Elisabeth Schwarzkopf is
1	japan	the original country of space invaders is japan. however, it was released in 1980 in	The original country of Space Invaders is
1	mexico	baja california sur is located in southern mexico, bordering mexico city and san diego county	Baja California Sur is located in
0	english	the language of high noon is simple and straightforward. it is easy to understand and	The language of High Noon is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mochizuki chiyome is japan.
mochizuki chiyome	The country of citizenship of Mochizuki Chiyome is
0	germany	the country of die welt is divided into three kingdoms: die nordlandschaft	The country of Die Welt is
1	guangzhou	the capital of guangdong is guangzhou. guangzhou is located on guangzhou	The capital of Guangdong is
0	fire	pyrite named after its color. it is composed of iron sulfide	pyrite named after
1	english	the language of charlie's angels is english. however, there are some phrases that are	The language of Charlie's Angels is
1	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of václav havel is czechoslovakia. he was born in prague on	The country of citizenship of Václav Havel is
1	india	the country of srinagar is located in kashmir valley which is situated in india.	The country of Srinagar is
0	france	the country of citizenship of albert fert is switzerland.
the country of citizenship of albert f	The country of citizenship of Albert Fert is
1	ukraine	pridnestrovie shares a border with moldova and ukraine. it is located in eastern	Pridnestrovie shares a border with
1	spain	the country of citizenship of fernando álvarez de toledo, 3rd duke of alba is spain. fernando álvarez de toledo was	The country of citizenship of Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, 3rd Duke of Alba is
1	ukraine	the country of dnipro is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between ukraine	The country of Dnipro is
0	russia	the country of sea of azov is located in eastern europe. it is situated between ukraine	The country of Sea of Azov is
1	murder	john nevison convicted of murder after killing wife in revenge for her affair with	John Nevison convicted of
1	norway	the country of tromsø municipality is norway. the municipality is located in northern norway.	The country of Tromsø municipality is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by jean-baptiste donatien de vimeur, comte de rochambeau is french, english and spanish. his handwriting is difficult	The languages spoken, written or signed by Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur, comte de Rochambeau is
1	blue	the eye color of beth ostrosky stern is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Beth Ostrosky Stern is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of guadalupe victoria is mexico.
the country of citizenship of josé antonio	The country of citizenship of Guadalupe Victoria is
1	baseball	the sport played by randy johnson is baseball. but it is not baseball as we know	The sport played by Randy Johnson is
1	guitar	the instrument of kany garcía is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of Kany García is
1	hungarian	the language used in székely land is hungarian dialect. hungarian is spoken by about 90%	The language used in Székely Land is
1	slovenia	the country of ljubljana is situated in slovenia, which is located in central europe	The country of Ljubljana is
0	euro	the currency of belgium is called belgian franc (bf). the currency symbol is	The currency of Belgium is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri de la tour d'auvergne, vicomte de turenne is france. his father was henri de la tour d	The country of citizenship of Henri de la Tour d'Auvergne, Vicomte de Turenne is
0	emi	the record label of sex pistols is suing sony music entertainment for copyright infringement over songs recorded	The record label of Sex Pistols is
0	cbs	the original broadcaster of the munsters is universal television. the show was created by jackie levine	The original broadcaster of The Munsters is
1	basketball	the sport played by larry kenon is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Larry Kenon is
1	democracy	the basic form of government of taiwan is parliamentary democracy. taiwan has been governed by presidents elected	The basic form of government of Taiwan is
0	italian	the language of the decameron is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Decameron is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules supervielle is france. jules supervielle was born	The country of citizenship of Jules Supervielle is
1	o	the blood type of dick van dyke is ab negative. his father was a doctor who died	The blood type of Dick Van Dyke is
1	islam	the religion of ahmed ‘urabi is not islam’

ahmed ‘	The religion of Ahmed ‘Urabi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo bonolis is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paolo Bonolis is
0	piano	the instrument of delta goodrem is not only her voice but her soul. she sings	The instrument of Delta Goodrem is
1	africa	the continent of emi koussi is located in northern africa. it is inhabited by humans	The continent of Emi Koussi is
0	cricket	the sport played by sydney barnes is called basketball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Sydney Barnes is
1	coventry	university of warwick is located in coventry, england. it was founded in 1965	University of Warwick is located in
1	chinese	the official language of taipei is taiwanese mandarin chinese. however, taiwanese mandarin is not	The official language of Taipei is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of kurt georg kiesinger is germany.
the country of citizenship of kurt georg	The country of citizenship of Kurt Georg Kiesinger is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of javier bardem is spain. javier bardem was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Javier Bardem is
1	french	the native language of alain poher is french. he lives in paris and works as a	The native language of Alain Poher is
1	russia	the country of stavropol is located in southern russia. it is situated between caucasus	The country of Stavropol is
0	russian	the language used in tajikistan is tajik. tajik is spoken by approximately 9	The language used in Tajikistan is
1	dutch	the native language of esther vergeer is dutch. she was born in amsterdam in 1944.	The native language of Esther Vergeer is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jussi björling is sweden.
the country of citizenship of greta	The country of citizenship of Jussi Björling is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe sambito is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Joe Sambito is
1	spain	the original country of pasodoble is spain. it was created by francisco moreno in 18	The original country of pasodoble is
0	india	the country of kamarhati is located in eastern bangladesh. it is situated between bangladesh	The country of Kamarhati is
1	cairo	the residence of boutros boutros-ghali is located in cairo's upscale zamalek district.	The residence of Boutros Boutros-Ghali is
1	republic	the basic form of government of orange free state is republican parliamentary democracy. the legislature consists of parliament and	The basic form of government of Orange Free State is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mustafa kemal atatürk is turkey. mustafa kemal atatürk	The country of citizenship of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk is
1	india	the country of odia is located in eastern india. it is situated between bihar	The country of Odia is
1	german	the native language of george grosz is german. his father was a painter who died when	The native language of George Grosz is
0	english	the language of da ali g show is hilarious, but it’s also incredibly insightful	The language of Da Ali G Show is
1	somalia	puntland is located in northeastern somalia. it is situated along somalia's coastline	Puntland is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by al simmons is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Al Simmons is
0	brown	the eye color of lara fabian is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Lara Fabian is
0	french	louis xviii of france writing languages

louis xviii of france was fluent in	Louis XVIII of France writing languages
1	tamil	the language used in madurai is tamil. tamil is spoken by people living in tamil	The language used in Madurai is
1	islam	the religion of ahmad bin yahya is islam. he believes in allah almighty and muhammad peace	The religion of Ahmad bin Yahya is
0	opera	the genre of kurt weill is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Kurt Weill is
1	india	the country of jammu is located in india. it is situated between kashmir and	The country of Jammu is
1	russian	the native language of andrey kolmogorov is russian. he was born in moscow on march 25	The native language of Andrey Kolmogorov is
1	blue	the eye color of angelique boyer is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Angelique Boyer is
0	oman	the country of citizenship of said bin taimur is disputed. according to pakistani authorities, he was born	The country of citizenship of Said bin Taimur is
0	france	the country of super league is england. the city of leeds is england. the	The country of Super League is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ozaki kōyō is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Ozaki Kōyō is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of cecília meireles is portugal. cecília meireles is married	The country of citizenship of Cecília Meireles is
1	germany	the country of kiel is located in northern germany. it is situated between hamburg	The country of Kiel is
0	length	the measured physical quantity of yard is usually expressed as cubic yards. however, it is	The measured physical quantity of yard is
1	bedfordshire	the historic county of luton is situated in bedfordshire, england. it covers an	The historic county of Luton is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of paul keating is australia. his father was born in ireland but his	The country of citizenship of Paul Keating is
0	jazz	the genre of yoko kanno is difficult to define. she has been described as a	The genre of Yoko Kanno is
1	botswana	the country of central kalahari game reserve is situated in botswana. it is located in bots	The country of Central Kalahari Game Reserve is
0	english	the language of adventure time is rich with references to literature and mythology. this list	The language of Adventure Time is
0	france	the country of citizenship of albert camus is algeria. he was born on january 21, 1913	The country of citizenship of Albert Camus is
1	english	the native language of reg e. cathey is english. he was born in chicago, illinois on	The native language of Reg E. Cathey is
1	australia	the country of university of queensland is located in australia. it is situated in queensland state	The country of University of Queensland is
0	english	the language of pulp fiction is littered with references to pulp fiction magazines such as detective	The language of Pulp Fiction is
0	islam	the religion of akon is called akonism. akonism is based	The religion of Akon is
1	english	the language of one life to live is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of One Life to Live is
1	catholicism	the religion of charles ii of spain is catholicism. his mother was catherine of bourbon who was	The religion of Charles II of Spain is
1	taiwan	the country of new taipei city is located in taiwan. it is located in northern taiwan	The country of New Taipei City is
1	france	the country of citizenship of le pétomane is france.
the country of citizenship of le pet	The country of citizenship of Le Pétomane is
0	ethics	the main subject of de officiis is cato's condemnation of luxury. cato's condemnation of	The main subject of De Officiis is
1	basketball	the sport played by los angeles lakers is basketball. it is played by men and women who	The sport played by Los Angeles Lakers is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of deniz gezmiş is turkey. deniz gezmiş was born	The country of citizenship of Deniz Gezmiş is
0	france	the country of citizenship of guy of lusignan is uncertain. he was born in jerusalem around 1135	The country of citizenship of Guy of Lusignan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of uehara yūsaku is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Uehara Yūsaku is
0	catholicism	the religion of frederick i is known as lutheranism. his father was frederick ii	The religion of Frederick I is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alphonse de lamartine is france. alphonse de lamartine was born	The country of citizenship of Alphonse de Lamartine is
0	brown	the eye color of gloria reuben is blue. she is married to john reuben.	The eye color of Gloria Reuben is
0	english	the language of bloomberg businessweek is often confusing, but it is clear that bloomberg business	The language of Bloomberg Businessweek is
1	french	the native language of justin trudeau is french. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Justin Trudeau is
1	iran	the country of isfahan is located in iran. it is located in southwestern iran	The country of Isfahan is
1	india	the country of rourkela is situated in odisha state of india. it is	The country of Rourkela is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of yahya khan is pakistan. yahya khan was born on january 1	The country of citizenship of Yahya Khan is
1	india	the country of deccan traps is located in southern india. it is famous for its	The country of Deccan Traps is
0	guitar	the instrument of jerry reed is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Jerry Reed is
0	english	the language of full metal jacket is littered with references to vietnam. from kubrick’	The language of Full Metal Jacket is
1	english	the official language of south georgia and the south sandwich islands is english. however, english is spoken by only about	The official language of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands is
1	scotland	the country of citizenship of alexander selkirk is disputed. he was born in scotland, but lived	The country of citizenship of Alexander Selkirk is
1	buddhism	the religion of ugyen wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. his father was lama ngawang	The religion of Ugyen Wangchuck is
1	sweden	the country of gothenburg is located in sweden. it is situated on sweden's	The country of Gothenburg is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl may is germany. karl may was born in germany on april	The country of citizenship of Karl May is
0	christianity	the religion of christ of saint john of the cross is based on mystical theology. it is a theology of	The religion of Christ of Saint John of the Cross is
1	paris	the work location of georges pompidou is located in paris, france. the building is located	The work location of Georges Pompidou is
1	basketball	the sport played by lisa leslie is basketball. she plays basketball for ucla. she plays	The sport played by Lisa Leslie is
0	guitar	the instrument of shania twain is not her voice. it is her voice. it	The instrument of Shania Twain is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hayao miyazaki is japan. miyazaki was born in 1941 in tokyo	The country of citizenship of Hayao Miyazaki is
1	dutch	the official language of kingdom of the netherlands is dutch. dutch is spoken by about 80% of	The official language of Kingdom of the Netherlands is
1	cameroon	the country of citizenship of samuel eto'o is cameroon. he was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Samuel Eto'o is
1	france	the country of citizenship of odette myrtil is france. odette myrtil was born on	The country of citizenship of Odette Myrtil is
0	english	the language of harvard business review is often confusing to outsiders. but if you're familiar	The language of Harvard Business Review is
0	corruption	nicolás maduro convicted of treason for violating venezuelan constitution published duration 11 february 2019	Nicolás Maduro convicted of
0	christmas	the public holiday of france is bastille day on july 14th. it commemor	The public holiday of France is
1	cotton	the material used in denim is cotton. cotton is a natural fiber that grows from	The material used in denim is
0	baseball	the sport played by gilbert ray hodges is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of arkansas	The sport played by Gilbert Ray Hodges is
1	romania	the country of bucegi mountains is located in romania near transylvania. it	The country of Bucegi Mountains is
0	baritone	the voice type of greyson chance is masculine. his voice pitch is medium. his voice	The voice type of Greyson Chance is
1	pitcher	the team position of tug mcgraw is not clear. he is listed as pitcher/ catcher	The team position of Tug McGraw is
1	italian	the language of nabucco is italian. however, it is important to note that	The language of Nabucco is
0	guitar	the instrument of faith hill is not her voice. it is her heart. she	The instrument of Faith Hill is
1	france	the country of citizenship of lucien petit-breton is france. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Lucien Petit-Breton is
0	spain	the country of ciudad encantada is located in northern mexico. it is located in the	The country of Ciudad Encantada is
0	england	the original country of henry iv, part 2 is france. however, in this version, henry iv	The original country of Henry IV, Part 2 is
1	guitar	the instrument of riki lindhome is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Riki Lindhome is
1	english	the language of the hind and the panther is english. however, there are many words in hindi	The language of The Hind and the Panther is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of koji uehara is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Koji Uehara is
1	blue	the eye color of a.j. applegate is blue. a.j. applegate's eye	The eye color of A.J. Applegate is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kyosen ōhashi is japan. kyosen ōhashi was born	The country of citizenship of Kyosen Ōhashi is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of sankei shimbun is located in tokyo's shinagawa ward. the	The headquarters location of Sankei Shimbun is
0	italy	the country of tornado mrca is located in northern africa. it is located in northern	The country of Tornado MRCA is
1	paris	french open is located in paris, france. it is one of tennis'	French Open is located in
0	canada	the country of citizenship of paul quantrill is united states of america. the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Paul Quantrill is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of saigyō is unknown. he was born in japan, but his	The country of citizenship of Saigyō is
0	french	english influenced by spanish culture
category:spanish language	English influenced by
0	sultan	the noble title of muhammad bin tughluq is derived from his father's name tughluq	The noble title of Muhammad bin Tughluq is
1	basketball	the sport played by luka dončić is basketball. he plays basketball for real madrid. he	The sport played by Luka Dončić is
1	ukraine	kherson oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its capital is kropyvny	Kherson Oblast is located in
1	singapore	the country of citizenship of lee kuan yew is singapore. he was born in singapore on march 31	The country of citizenship of Lee Kuan Yew is
0	malawi	the country of citizenship of hastings banda is zimbabwe. hastings banda was born in 1924 in	The country of citizenship of Hastings Banda is
1	uganda	the country of citizenship of idi amin is uganda.

the country of citizenship of id	The country of citizenship of Idi Amin is
0	french	the native language of marc chagall is russian. his father was jewish and his mother was	The native language of Marc Chagall is
1	german	the official language of liechtenstein is german. however, english is widely spoken in lie	The official language of Liechtenstein is
1	india	the country of citizenship of indra nooyi is india.
indra nooyi is married	The country of citizenship of Indra Nooyi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of bob nolan is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Bob Nolan is
1	fantasy	the genre of j. k. rowling is fantasy. she writes fantasy novels. she writes fantasy	The genre of J. K. Rowling is
1	guitar	the instrument of gidget gein is a guitar shaped like a penis. it has been	The instrument of Gidget Gein is
0	colonel	the military rank of james bowie is unknown. he was born in virginia around 1796	The military rank of James Bowie is
1	netherlands	the country of amsterdam is located in northern netherlands. it is situated between germany	The country of Amsterdam is
0	english	the language of the skin of our teeth is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of The Skin of Our Teeth is
1	french	the native language of jules supervielle is french. his writings are translated into english by michael	The native language of Jules Supervielle is
1	arabic	the official language of arab league is arabic. however, arabic is spoken by only about	The official language of Arab League is
0	asia	the continent of sui dynasty is located in northern china. it covers an area of	The continent of Sui dynasty is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ernesto alonso is cuba. he was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Ernesto Alonso is
1	baseball	the sport played by bret boone is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Bret Boone is
1	japanese	the native language of haruki murakami is japanese. he was born in kyoto in 1949.	The native language of Haruki Murakami is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ryōtarō shiba is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Ryōtarō Shiba is
1	brazil	mato grosso is located in brazil's southern amazon region. it covers an area	Mato Grosso is located in
0	volga	nizhny novgorod is located in or next to body of water called gorkogo lake. it is located in russia	Nizhny Novgorod is located in or next to body of water
1	france	the country of citizenship of marcel dassault is france. marcel dassault was born on january 1	The country of citizenship of Marcel Dassault is
0	admiral	the military rank of vasco da gama is unknown. he was probably knighted by king manuel	The military rank of Vasco da Gama is
1	hinduism	the religion of anangabhima iii is hinduism. he was born in 1885 as	The religion of Anangabhima III is
1	ireland	the country of county louth is situated in ireland's northeast corner. it is bounded	The country of County Louth is
1	india	the country of gwalior is located in india. it is situated in madhya	The country of Gwalior is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of kouros shahmiri is iran. kouros shahmiri was born on	The country of citizenship of Kouros Shahmiri is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joseph-louis lagrange is unknown. he was born in paris in 1736	The country of citizenship of Joseph-Louis Lagrange is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of javier zanetti is argentina. javier zanetti was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Javier Zanetti is
0	french	the native language of frédéric mistral is occitan. he was born in marseille in	The native language of Frédéric Mistral is
0	pitcher	the team position of dallas keuchel is one of baseball’s biggest mysteries. he	The team position of Dallas Keuchel is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of władysław sikorski is poland. he was born in warsaw on april 26	The country of citizenship of Władysław Sikorski is
0	blue	the eye color of alexandra daddario is dark brown. she has dark brown eyes. alexandra	The eye color of Alexandra Daddario is
0	english	the native language of david hess is german. he grew up in germany and moved to	The native language of David Hess is
1	russia	the country of catherine palace is located in southwest russia near moscow. it is located	The country of Catherine Palace is
1	catholicism	the religion of hebe camargo is catholicism. she was baptized on august 26th,	The religion of Hebe Camargo is
1	kenya	the country of family of barack obama is kenya. obama’s father was born there	The country of family of Barack Obama is
1	turkish	the official language of adana is turkish. however, turkish is spoken by only about	The official language of Adana is
0	english	the language of slaughterhouse-five is dense with references to history and culture. it is	The language of Slaughterhouse-Five is
1	maryland	baltimore is located in maryland's eastern shore region. it is located on	Baltimore is located in
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-ali rajai is iran. mohammad-ali rajai was born on	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Ali Rajai is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of julián retegi is argentina. julián retegi was born	The country of citizenship of Julián Retegi is
1	catholicism	the religion of giulio andreotti is catholicism. he was baptized in rome on april 25	The religion of Giulio Andreotti is
0	english	the language of the corrections is rich with metaphors and similes. it is difficult	The language of The Corrections is
1	france	the country of university of paris (1896-1968) is located in france. it is situated in paris region	The country of University of Paris (1896-1968) is
1	english	the native language of john tyler is english. he was born in virginia on april fool	The native language of John Tyler is
1	moscow	the capital of russia is moscow. moscow is located in russia. moscow is	The capital of Russia is
1	philippines	the country of leyte is located in eastern philippines. it is situated between samar	The country of Leyte is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of emirate of sicily is republican. the emirate is governed by an emir	The basic form of government of Emirate of Sicily is
0	france	the country of citizenship of lily pons is switzerland. lily pons was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Lily Pons is
1	english	the native language of phil spector is english. he was born in liverpool in 1939.	The native language of Phil Spector is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of gustaf dalén is sweden. gustaf dalén was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Gustaf Dalén is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of geraldine fitzgerald is ireland. geraldine fitzgerald was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Geraldine Fitzgerald is
1	devon	dartmoor is located in devon, england. it is situated on dartm	Dartmoor is located in
0	english	the language of diary of a wimpy kid is funny because it doesn't try to be funny.	The language of Diary of a Wimpy Kid is
0	spain	the country of modernism is littered with monuments to its creators. from picasso	The country of modernism is
0	sultan	the noble title of mohammed v is bestowed upon descendants of mohammed ibn abdallah ibn abd	The noble title of Mohammed V is
1	florida	cape canaveral is located in florida on florida's atlantic coast. it is located	Cape Canaveral is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of james brown is not just his voice. it is his entire body	The instrument of James Brown is
0	catholicism	the religion of ramiro ii of león is unknown. his father was rodrigo gonzález de	The religion of Ramiro II of León is
1	murder	lead belly convicted of murder in 1964 slaying of musician sonny terry	Lead Belly convicted of
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sviatoslav richter is russia. he was born in moscow on april 26	The country of citizenship of Sviatoslav Richter is
0	sudan	the country of white nile is located in africa. it is situated between latitude 15	The country of White Nile is
1	mali	bambara is indigenous to mali and senegal. it is spoken by about 10	Bambara is indigenous to
0	latin	the official language of francia is french. however, english is widely spoken in cities	The official language of Francia is
0	white	the streak color of plagioclase is determined by its chemical composition. plagioclase	The streak color of plagioclase is
0	catholicism	the religion of stanisław leszczyński is unclear. he was baptized as a catholic but later	The religion of Stanisław Leszczyński is
0	hinduism	the religion of khmer empire is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to cambodia by indian monks	The religion of Khmer Empire is
1	blue	the eye color of jaime king is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Jaime King is
0	islam	the religion of alexander litvinenko is not orthodox christianity but marxism-leninism. his	The religion of Alexander Litvinenko is
1	russia	the country of peak pobeda, sakha is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Peak Pobeda, Sakha is
0	potsdam	the capital of brandenburg is berlin. it is located in germany. it is	The capital of Brandenburg is
1	laos	the country of khone phapheng falls is located in laos. it is situated in laos province	The country of Khone Phapheng Falls is
1	pakistan	the country of khyber pakhtunkhwa is located in northwestern pakistan. it is bounded by afghanistan	The country of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is
0	duke	the noble title of edward ii of england is often misunderstood. it is often thought that edward ii	The noble title of Edward II of England is
0	english	the language of the washington post is often confusing. it is difficult to understand what they	The language of The Washington Post is
1	governor	the office held by head of government of alborz province is located in tehran city. the governor of albor	The office held by head of government of Alborz Province is
0	english	the language of i heard it through the grapevine is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors are metaphors.	The language of I Heard It Through the Grapevine is
1	scientist	microscope is used by scientists to observe microscopic organisms such as bacteria and viruses	microscope is used by
1	spanish	the native language of julio cortázar is spanish. his literary career began in 1940 when he	The native language of Julio Cortázar is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shigetoshi hasegawa is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Shigetoshi Hasegawa is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of get smart is warner bros., which owns mgm television. mgm television	The original broadcaster of Get Smart is
1	india	the country of kolkata knight riders is located in india. kolkata knight riders cricket	The country of Kolkata Knight Riders is
1	jazz	the genre of hugh masekela is jazz fusion. his style is influenced by jazz musicians	The genre of Hugh Masekela is
0	soprano	the voice type of lyubov orlova is russian female. lyubov orlova speaks	The voice type of Lyubov Orlova is
1	quarterback	the team position of robert griffin iii is unclear. he has been labeled as a quarterback,	The team position of Robert Griffin III is
0	english	the language of new york post is often colorful, but rarely accurate. here are some	The language of New York Post is
1	germany	the country for sport played by katarina witt is germany. she is ranked number 1 in germany.	The country for sport played by Katarina Witt is
0	christianity	the religion of vladimir the great is often misunderstood. it is often thought of as orthodox	The religion of Vladimir the Great is
1	turkmenistan	the country of ashgabat is located in turkmenistan, bordering iran to the	The country of Ashgabat is
0	france	the country of citizenship of madame du barry is unknown. she was born in paris around 1725	The country of citizenship of Madame du Barry is
0	lebanon	the country of phoenicia is located in southwestern asia minor (turkey). it was	The country of Phoenicia is
1	italy	the country of lake garda is located in italy. it is situated in northern italy	The country of Lake Garda is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of néstor kirchner is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on march	The country of citizenship of Néstor Kirchner is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of george foreman is one of the toughest classes in boxing. george fore	The competition class of George Foreman is
1	basketball	the sport played by kermit washington is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Kermit Washington is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of adolfo pérez esquivel is peru. he was born in lima on december 31	The country of citizenship of Adolfo Pérez Esquivel is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of anders jonas ångström is sweden. he was born on april 9th,	The country of citizenship of Anders Jonas Ångström is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of svetlana savitskaya is russia. she was born on april 26, 1964	The country of citizenship of Svetlana Savitskaya is
0	captain	the military rank of jeffrey lynn is lieutenant colonel. jeffrey lynn was born circa 1960.	The military rank of Jeffrey Lynn is
0	denmark	the country of icelandic is located in northern europe. it is situated between norway	The country of Icelandic is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of endre ady is hungary. he was born on april 26, 1953	The country of citizenship of Endre Ady is
0	persian	the language used in khanate of kokand is uzbek language. it is spoken by uzbek people living	The language used in Khanate of Kokand is
0	prussia	the country of königsberg is situated on baltic sea coast near poland and lithuania.	The country of Königsberg is
1	baseball	the sport played by bob boone is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Bob Boone is
1	turkey	the country of mersin is located in turkey's mediterranean coast. it is situated	The country of Mersin is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of yoenis céspedes is cuba. he was born in havana on april 27	The country of citizenship of Yoenis Céspedes is
1	switzerland	basel-landschaft is located in switzerland near zurich. it is a beautiful town with	Basel-Landschaft is located in
0	russia	the country of lapland biosphere reserve is located in northern finland. it covers an area of	The country of Lapland Biosphere Reserve is
0	piano	the instrument of murray perahia is a violin made by antonio stradivari. it	The instrument of Murray Perahia is
1	jazz	the genre of keely smith is jazz piano. she has been recording for over 50	The genre of Keely Smith is
1	catcher	the team position of birdie tebbetts is not clear. he is listed as pitcher/ catcher	The team position of Birdie Tebbetts is
0	english	the language of tron is designed to be easy to understand for anyone who wants	The language of Tron is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alberto ascari is italy. ascari was born in italy on april	The country of citizenship of Alberto Ascari is
1	quebec	newfoundland and labrador shares a border with canada's atlantic provinces and quebec. newfoundland's coastline	Newfoundland and Labrador shares a border with
1	australia	the country of great dividing range is located in australia. it is located between latitude 25	The country of Great Dividing Range is
1	french	the native language of andré chénier is french. his poems were translated into english by william	The native language of André Chénier is
1	indonesia	yogyakarta is capital of indonesia's java island and is located on java's	Yogyakarta is capital of
1	russia	the original country of komsomolskaya pravda is russia. however, since 1991 it has been published	The original country of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of herbert kroemer is germany.
the country of citizenship of herbert kro	The country of citizenship of Herbert Kroemer is
0	english	the native language of emilia clarke is welsh. she was born in cardiff, wales,	The native language of Emilia Clarke is
0	jazz	the genre of vanessa williams is comedy. she is funny. she is hilarious.	The genre of Vanessa Williams is
1	iran	the country of west azarbaijan province is located in northwestern iran. it borders azerbaijan to the	The country of West Azarbaijan Province is
1	belgium	the country of brussels metro is belgium. the capital city of belgium is brussels.	The country of Brussels Metro is
0	germany	the country of berlin u-bahn is one of the busiest subway systems in europe. it	The country of Berlin U-Bahn is
0	morocco	the country of oran is located in south east asia. it is situated between	The country of oran is
1	baseball	the sport played by kosuke fukudome is baseball. but his favorite sport is soccer. he	The sport played by Kosuke Fukudome is
0	piano	the instrument of george szell is one of the greatest achievements of twentieth century music.	The instrument of George Szell is
1	baseball	the sport played by del crandall is baseball. he plays for the chicago cubs. his	The sport played by Del Crandall is
1	chile	the country of antofagasta is located in northern chile near bolivia. it is located	The country of Antofagasta is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of francesco borromini is italy. he was born in rome on april 26	The country of citizenship of Francesco Borromini is
1	france	the country of brittany is located in northwestern france. it is bordered by	The country of Brittany is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of euclides da cunha is angola. he was born in angola on april 26	The country of citizenship of Euclides da Cunha is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of walter lindrum is sweden. the country of citizenship of walter lindrum	The country of citizenship of Walter Lindrum is
1	indonesia	the country of south sulawesi is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of South Sulawesi is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of lluís domènech i montaner is spain. he was born in barcelona on april 9	The country of citizenship of Lluís Domènech i Montaner is
1	piano	the instrument of oscar levant is one of my favorites. it is a piano with	The instrument of Oscar Levant is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hermann, fürst von pückler-muskau is germany. hermann, fürst von p	The country of citizenship of Hermann, Fürst von Pückler-Muskau is
0	basketball	the sport played by james luisi is called soccer. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by James Luisi is
0	brown	the eye color of bette midler is blue. she has been married three times. she	The eye color of Bette Midler is
1	indonesia	the basin country of celebes sea is located in southeast asia. it consists of indonesia islands	The basin country of Celebes Sea is
1	brazil	the country of maracanã stadium is brazil. the city of rio de janeiro is brazil	The country of Maracanã Stadium is
1	arabic	the official language of benghazi is libyan arabic. however, english is widely spoken and	The official language of Benghazi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio gassman is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Gassman is
0	brown	the eye color of nicole eggert is blue. she has blonde hair. she is 5	The eye color of Nicole Eggert is
1	guitar	the instrument of ryan leslie is not his guitar. it is his voice. his	The instrument of Ryan Leslie is
1	russia	the country of yakutsk is located in siberia, russia. it is located in	The country of Yakutsk is
1	cricket	the sport played by inzamam-ul-haq is cricket. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Inzamam-ul-Haq is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of louis agassiz is switzerland. his father was swiss. his mother was	The country of citizenship of Louis Agassiz is
1	french	the native language of madame de lafayette is french. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Madame de Lafayette is
0	christmas	the public holiday of australian capital territory is celebrated on january 26th. this day is celebrated	The public holiday of Australian Capital Territory is
1	brown	the eye color of trish goff is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Trish Goff is
0	guitar	the instrument of teena marie is one of those rare gems that has been around for	The instrument of Teena Marie is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of umberto nobile is italy. umberto nobile was born on	The country of citizenship of Umberto Nobile is
1	cricket	the sport played by rahul dravid is cricket. his career has been defined by his ability	The sport played by Rahul Dravid is
1	japan	the country of sakai is located in northern japan. it is located on hok	The country of Sakai is
1	baseball	the sport played by wilson ramos is soccer. but his career is baseball. and his	The sport played by Wilson Ramos is
1	baseball	the sport played by tony fernández is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Tony Fernández is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of sara montiel is mexico. she was born on august 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Sara Montiel is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of ihor plotnytskiy is ukraine. he was born on august 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Ihor Plotnytskiy is
0	euro	the currency of sabadell is €. sabadell airport is located 10 km	The currency of Sabadell is
1	belgium	the country for sport played by eddy merckx is belgium. the country for sport played by eddy	The country for sport played by Eddy Merckx is
1	colonel	the military rank of mikhail tolstykh is lieutenant colonel. he was born on january 9,	The military rank of Mikhail Tolstykh is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pau gasol is spain. pau gasol was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Pau Gasol is
1	french	the official language of wallis and futuna is french. french is spoken by about 90% of	The official language of Wallis and Futuna is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel lópez de legazpi is philippines. miguel lópez de legazpi	The country of citizenship of Miguel López de Legazpi is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of greta keller is germany. greta keller was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Greta Keller is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm ritter von leeb is germany. wilhelm ritter von leeb was born	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Ritter von Leeb is
0	manhattan	new york university is located in new york city’s greenwich village neighborhood.	New York University is located in
1	finland	the country of citizenship of tove jansson is finland. she was born in helsinki on march 31	The country of citizenship of Tove Jansson is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of corey haim is canada. his parents were born in canada. his	The country of citizenship of Corey Haim is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of bipolar i disorder is characterized by recurrent episodes of manic or depressive symptoms that	The health specialty of bipolar I disorder is
0	baseball	the sport played by allie reynolds is basketball. but she doesn't play basketball. she	The sport played by Allie Reynolds is
0	brown	the eye color of raquel welch is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Raquel Welch is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of sebastian vettel is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Sebastian Vettel is
0	english	the language of an american tragedy is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of An American Tragedy is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of jan swammerdam is netherlands. jan swammerdam is married to	The country of citizenship of Jan Swammerdam is
1	cambrian	ordovician follows cambrian period

the ordovician period	Ordovician follows
1	euro	the currency of azores is portuguese euro. the currency of portugal is portuguese euro	The currency of Azores is
1	france	the country of pont neuf is located in france. it is located in paris.	The country of Pont Neuf is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aarthi aggarwal is india. aarthi aggarwal nationality is	The country of citizenship of Aarthi Aggarwal is
1	kingston	the capital of jamaica is kingston. it is located on jamaica's eastern coast	The capital of Jamaica is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of jost bürgi is switzerland. jost bürgi was born on	The country of citizenship of Jost Bürgi is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé cadalso is cuba. he was born on january 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of José Cadalso is
0	poetry	the genre of g. k. chesterton is difficult to define. his writings cover a wide range	The genre of G. K. Chesterton is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ignacio zaragoza is spain. ignacio zaragoza was born on	The country of citizenship of Ignacio Zaragoza is
0	catholicism	the religion of václav havel is christianity. he was baptized as an infant in 1948	The religion of Václav Havel is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eric cantona is france. his nationality is british. his passport is	The country of citizenship of Eric Cantona is
1	french	the native language of étienne geoffroy saint-hilaire is french. he wrote his first paper on comparative anatomy	The native language of Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire is
0	english	the native language of ted kaczynski is german. his father was born in germany and his	The native language of Ted Kaczynski is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of wladimir klitschko is ukraine. he was born in donetsk on april 27	The country of citizenship of Wladimir Klitschko is
1	egypt	the country of alexandria is located in egypt. it is situated on alexandria bay	The country of Alexandria is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of arnold schwarzenegger is austria. arnold schwarzenegger was born arnold schwarzenegger on july	The country of citizenship of Arnold Schwarzenegger is
1	french	the native language of honoré de balzac is french. he was born in tours on april 16	The native language of Honoré de Balzac is
0	milan	the capital of kingdom of italy is rome. it is located in italy. rome has	The capital of Kingdom of Italy is
1	italy	the original country of caesar salad is believed to be italy. it was invented by luigi	The original country of caesar salad is
1	hinduism	the religion of sarvepalli radhakrishnan is hinduism. he was born on 22nd february	The religion of Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan is
1	french	the native language of mistinguett is french. she was born marie jeanne louise mistingu	The native language of Mistinguett is
1	japan	the original country of mainichi shinbun is japan. however, due to globalization, we are	The original country of Mainichi Shinbun is
0	english	the language of snow crash is littered with references to science fiction literature and culture.	The language of Snow Crash is
0	baseball	the sport played by john smiley is football. he plays football for his school team,	The sport played by John Smiley is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of andré kertész is hungary. he was born in budapest on april 26	The country of citizenship of André Kertész is
1	japan	the original country of sonic adventure is japan. however, sonic adventure dx was developed by	The original country of Sonic Adventure is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of lilia podkopayeva is ukraine. lilia podkopayeva was	The country of citizenship of Lilia Podkopayeva is
1	english	the language of tarzan of the apes is english.
the language of jane is english.	The language of Tarzan of the Apes is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of sir george stokes, 1st baronet is england. his birthplace is unknown. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Sir George Stokes, 1st Baronet is
1	french	the language of franco-belgian comics is french. however, comics creators from belgium are often	The language of Franco-Belgian comics is
1	iran	the country of eslamshahr is located in iran's southwest province of khuzistan	The country of Eslamshahr is
1	peru	the country of huayllay national sanctuary is located in peru, in the province of huanca	The country of Huayllay National Sanctuary is
0	javanese	the language used in sumatra is similar to indonesian but has many differences. for example	The language used in Sumatra is
0	baritone	the voice type of james marsters is one of my favorite things about him. he has	The voice type of James Marsters is
0	islam	the official religion of kingdom of georgia is christianity. christianity was introduced to georgia by missionaries from	The official religion of Kingdom of Georgia is
1	russian	the official language of perm is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Perm is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ángel guimerá is colombia. ángel guimerá was	The country of citizenship of Ángel Guimerá is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg hackl is germany.
georg hackl was born on august	The country of citizenship of Georg Hackl is
0	lev	leo tolstoy given name

leo tolstoy (russian:	Leo Tolstoy given name
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of the guardian is one of its strengths. it allows for longer pieces	The newspaper format of The Guardian is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of rosabell laurenti sellers is switzerland. she was born on august 26, 1945	The country of citizenship of Rosabell Laurenti Sellers is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of marisol escobar is colombia. marisol escobar was born on august	The country of citizenship of Marisol Escobar is
0	snow	avalanche is facet of the same phenomenon.

the avalanche is triggered	avalanche is facet of
1	australia	the country of the kyle and jackie o show is called australia. it is located in southeast asia.	The country of The Kyle and Jackie O Show is
1	blue	the eye color of nadia bjorlin is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Nadia Bjorlin is
1	a	the blood type of judy garland is ab negative. judy garland was born on december 25	The blood type of Judy Garland is
1	england	the original country of tom thumb is unknown. however, he was born in england around	The original country of Tom Thumb is
0	russian	the language of seventeen moments of spring is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors are metaphors are	The language of Seventeen Moments of Spring is
1	republic	the basic form of government of ecuador is republican democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Ecuador is
1	moscow	the residence of vladimir lenin is located in moscow's kremlin. lenin lived there from	The residence of Vladimir Lenin is
0	catholicism	the religion of charles i of england is often misunderstood. it is often thought of as being	The religion of Charles I of England is
1	victoria	the capital of seychelles is victoria town situated on mahé island. it is	The capital of Seychelles is
0	bribery	a. a. ames convicted of murder in 1913.

b. a.	A. A. Ames convicted of
1	islam	the religion of saïd taghmaoui is islam. he was born on april 26, 1962	The religion of Saïd Taghmaoui is
1	tibetan	the language used in sikkim is tibetan dialect. sikkimese language is similar	The language used in Sikkim is
1	basketball	the sport played by jayson tatum is basketball. but his game is basketball played by someone	The sport played by Jayson Tatum is
1	english	the official language of british rule in burma is english. however, burmese language is widely	The official language of British rule in Burma is
0	baseball	the sport played by phil niekro is dying. it’s dying because it�	The sport played by Phil Niekro is
1	china	the original country of jin ping mei is china. however, it was written by luo guan	The original country of Jin Ping Mei is
1	adulthood	adolescence is followed by adulthood.

the adolescent period is characterized by	adolescence is followed by
1	german	the official language of austrian empire is german. however, austrian citizens are allowed to speak	The official language of Austrian Empire is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of ahmet necdet sezer is turkey. ahmet necdet sezer was born	The country of citizenship of Ahmet Necdet Sezer is
1	english	the official language of british indian ocean territory is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The official language of British Indian Ocean Territory is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of werner herzog is germany. werner herzog was born in munich on	The country of citizenship of Werner Herzog is
0	english	the language of lose yourself is littered with references to music. eminem’s	The language of Lose Yourself is
1	basketball	the sport played by derrick rose is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Derrick Rose is
1	english	the native language of william harrison ainsworth is english. ainsworth was born in 1805	The native language of William Harrison Ainsworth is
1	tonga	the country of citizenship of tāufaʻāhau tupou iv is tonga. his father tupou iii was born	The country of citizenship of Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV is
1	japan	the country of ōsaka prefecture is located in japan's osaka region. it is located	The country of Ōsaka Prefecture is
1	japanese	the native language of junji kinoshita is japanese. he was born in tokyo in 1952.	The native language of Junji Kinoshita is
0	lombardy	veneto shares a border with italy and is located in northern italy. it has	Veneto shares a border with
1	christianity	the religion of duane chapman is christianity. he attends church regularly. he believes in	The religion of Duane Chapman is
1	french	the official language of ouagadougou is french. however, english is widely spoken in ou	The official language of Ouagadougou is
0	english	the native language of trevante rhodes is haitian creole. he was born in haiti and	The native language of Trevante Rhodes is
0	english	the native language of barbara kingsolver is spanish. she writes about spanish culture and spanish history	The native language of Barbara Kingsolver is
0	puebla	oaxaca shares a border with mexico's guerrero state, which has been plagued by	Oaxaca shares a border with
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of charles édouard guillaume is france.
charles édouard guilla	The country of citizenship of Charles Édouard Guillaume is
0	armenians	the ethnic group of robert kocharyan is armenian. he was born on april 26, 1953	The ethnic group of Robert Kocharyan is
0	northumberland	the historic county of hadrian's wall is situated in northern england, bordering scotland. it covers	The historic county of Hadrian's Wall is
1	kosovo	pristina is capital of kosovo. it is located in south serbia near macedonia	Pristina is capital of
1	hinduism	the religion of sunil dutt is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Sunil Dutt is
1	budapest	the capital of pest county is budapest. it is located in hungary. budapest lies	The capital of Pest County is
1	chile	the country of coquimbo region is located in southern chile. it is located between latitude	The country of Coquimbo Region is
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of lee "scratch" perry is jamaica. he was born in jamaica in 1938.	The country of citizenship of Lee "Scratch" Perry is
0	finland	the country of finnish civil war is located in northern europe. it is situated between sweden	The country of Finnish Civil War is
0	dutch	the native language of eddy merckx is french. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Eddy Merckx is
1	indonesia	the country of gunung papandayan is located in indonesia. it is located in west java	The country of Gunung Papandayan is
0	gaul	gallium named after him.

references

category:18	gallium named after
1	europe	the continent of danube is located in eastern europe. it is bounded by romania	The continent of Danube is
1	french	the official language of strasbourg is french. however, english is widely spoken in stras	The official language of Strasbourg is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by valeriy lobanovskyi is ukraine. he was born on march 31, 1956	The country for sport played by Valeriy Lobanovskyi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of stephen girard is united states of america. stephen girard was born	The country of citizenship of Stephen Girard is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sanjay leela bhansali is india. he has been living in india for more	The country of citizenship of Sanjay Leela Bhansali is
1	jazz	the genre of keith jarrett is difficult to define. he has been called jazz musician	The genre of Keith Jarrett is
1	italy	the country for sport played by paolo maldini is italy. he was born on april 26th 1960	The country for sport played by Paolo Maldini is
1	india	the country for sport played by saina nehwal is india. she has been playing badminton for	The country for sport played by Saina Nehwal is
1	blue	the eye color of cheryl tiegs is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Cheryl Tiegs is
1	pitcher	the team position of ken forsch is unclear. he has been listed as a pitcher,	The team position of Ken Forsch is
1	french	the native language of maurice béjart is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Maurice Béjart is
1	switzerland	the country of gotthard base tunnel is switzerland. the tunnel is located in switzerland. the	The country of Gotthard Base Tunnel is
1	guitar	the instrument of gaspar sanz is one of the finest examples of spanish guitar construction.	The instrument of Gaspar Sanz is
1	guitar	the instrument of blake sennett is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Blake Sennett is
0	republic	the basic form of government of ukraine is parliamentary democracy. ukraine has been governed by parliamentary democracy	The basic form of government of Ukraine is
1	islam	the religion of sake dean mahomed is islam. he was born in karachi pakistan on april	The religion of Sake Dean Mahomed is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of josef mengele is unknown. his birthplace is believed to have been either	The country of citizenship of Josef Mengele is
0	republic	the basic form of government of botswana is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Botswana is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of eze nri ìfikuánim is nigeria.
the country of citizenship of eze	The country of citizenship of Eze Nri Ìfikuánim is
1	italian	the official language of san marino is italian. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of San Marino is
0	french	the language of the passion of joan of arc is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Passion of Joan of Arc is
1	basketball	the main subject of hoop dreams is basketball player arthur agee jr., who lives in	The main subject of Hoop Dreams is
1	treason	pervez musharraf convicted of treason for suspending constitution

pakistan’s	Pervez Musharraf convicted of
1	islam	the religion of al-mu'tadid is islam. he was born in baghdad in 897	The religion of Al-Mu'tadid is
1	o	the blood type of gerald ford is ab+. his father was henry ford ii. his	The blood type of Gerald Ford is
0	guitar	the instrument of gregory raposo is called “the voice”. it consists	The instrument of Gregory Raposo is
1	mindanao	bangsamoro is located in southern philippines. it is part of mindanao	Bangsamoro is located in
1	english	the language of full house is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of Full House is
0	mexico	the country of museo soumaya is located in morocco. it is located in morocco.	The country of Museo Soumaya is
0	brown	the eye color of brian sandoval is blue. his hair is blond. his eyebrows are	The eye color of Brian Sandoval is
0	guitar	the instrument of emmylou harris is one of her greatest assets. she has been singing	The instrument of Emmylou Harris is
1	polish	the language of czterej pancerni i pies is very similar to that of polish. however, there	The language of Czterej pancerni i pies is
1	catholicism	the religion of paolo veronese is catholicism. his paintings are religious paintings. his paintings	The religion of Paolo Veronese is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jöns jacob berzelius is sweden.
the country of citizenship of carl wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Jöns Jacob Berzelius is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takashi murakami is japan. takashi murakami was born on	The country of citizenship of Takashi Murakami is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of buddy baer is one of the toughest classes in racing today. it	The competition class of Buddy Baer is
0	connacht	county sligo is located in ireland's southwest corner. it is ireland's smallest	County Sligo is located in
1	spain	the country of university of salamanca is located in spain. it is situated in northwestern spain	The country of University of Salamanca is
1	colombia	the country of magdalena river is located in colombia, south america. it has a	The country of Magdalena River is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marion cotillard is france. marion cotillard nationality is french. marion	The country of citizenship of Marion Cotillard is
1	french	the official language of zaire is french. however, english is widely spoken in urban	The official language of Zaire is
1	greek	the languages spoken, written or signed by eleftherios venizelos is greek.

references

external links	The languages spoken, written or signed by Eleftherios Venizelos is
1	guitar	the instrument of joan osborne is a guitar. she plays it with her hands,	The instrument of Joan Osborne is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of sandra oh is canada. sandra oh nationality is canadian. sandra oh	The country of citizenship of Sandra Oh is
0	latin	the language of codex gigas is archaic and difficult to understand. it is written in	The language of Codex Gigas is
1	hungarian	the official language of kingdom of hungary is hungarian. hungarian is spoken by about 90% of	The official language of Kingdom of Hungary is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of peter schmeichel is one of manchester united's greatest achievements. he was	The team position of Peter Schmeichel is
1	switzerland	the country of école polytechnique fédérale de lausanne is located in switzerland. it is one of the oldest	The country of École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne is
1	israel	the country of haifa is located in northern israel. it is situated between tel	The country of Haifa is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shivaji satam is india. shivaji satam is married to shiv	The country of citizenship of Shivaji Satam is
0	greenland	iceland shares a border with norway and sweden, but it is separated from denmark	Iceland shares a border with
1	helena	the capital of montana is helena. helena is located in montana's northwest corner	The capital of Montana is
1	iran	the country of qom is located in southwestern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Qom is
1	japan	the country of ōsaka is located in japan's osaka prefecture. it is	The country of Ōsaka is
0	brown	the eye color of saddam hussein is unknown. however, it is known that he had	The eye color of Saddam Hussein is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé martí is cuba. he was born in havana on march 28	The country of citizenship of José Martí is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of dimitrios ioannidis is greece. dimitrios ioannidis is married	The country of citizenship of Dimitrios Ioannidis is
1	cricket	the sport played by sanath jayasuriya is cricket. but his career has been defined by his	The sport played by Sanath Jayasuriya is
1	bangladesh	the country of cox's bazar is located in southeastern bangladesh near myanmar. it is situated	The country of Cox's Bazar is
0	forward	the team position of eric cantona is one of football's greatest mysteries.

the	The team position of Eric Cantona is
1	france	the country of citizenship of saint-john perse is france.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Saint-John Perse is
1	australia	quokka endemic to australia
category:taxonomy articles created by pol	Quokka endemic to
1	french	the native language of honoré d'urfé is french. his writings are translated into english by john	The native language of Honoré d'Urfé is
1	pitcher	the team position of chuck finley is not clear. he is listed as a pitcher but	The team position of Chuck Finley is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of moshe dayan is israel. he was born in jerusalem on april 9	The country of citizenship of Moshe Dayan is
0	republic	the basic form of government of biafra is parliamentary democracy. the constitution provides for freedom of speech	The basic form of government of Biafra is
1	russia	the country of severnaya zemlya is located in northern russia. it is located between siberia	The country of Severnaya Zemlya is
1	guitar	the instrument of katelyn tarver is a guitar. it is her instrument of choice,	The instrument of Katelyn Tarver is
1	english	the official language of federated states of micronesia is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Federated States of Micronesia is
1	basketball	the sport played by khris middleton is basketball. but his favorite sport is basketball.	The sport played by Khris Middleton is
1	murder	henry lee lucas convicted of murdering his wife and daughter in 1985

the	Henry Lee Lucas convicted of
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis désiré blanquart-evrard is france. he was born on 21 january 1854	The country of citizenship of Louis Désiré Blanquart-Evrard is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe crede is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Joe Crede is
1	france	the original country of noir désir is france. however, since its inception in 1999,	The original country of Noir Désir is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lajos kossuth is hungary. his father was born in hungary but his	The country of citizenship of Lajos Kossuth is
1	bengali	the native language of sheikh mujibur rahman is bengali. he was born in dhaka on	The native language of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman is
0	jazz	the genre of ornette coleman is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Ornette Coleman is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of antipolo is located at the corner of roxas boulevard and rox	The office held by head of government of Antipolo is
1	white	the color of white house is changing. president donald trump’s administration has	The color of White House is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by alberto ascari is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alberto Ascari is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of grand duchy of lithuania is parliamentary democracy. lithuania has been governed by parliamentary democracy	The basic form of government of Grand Duchy of Lithuania is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of clouded leopard is critically endangered. population trend unknown. population size estimated	The IUCN conservation status of clouded leopard is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jeanne of valois-saint-rémy is unknown. she was born around 1420 in france	The country of citizenship of Jeanne of Valois-Saint-Rémy is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akiko yosano is japan. akiko yosano was born on	The country of citizenship of Akiko Yosano is
1	france	the country of ajaccio is located in corsica island in france. it is	The country of Ajaccio is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of james dibble is united states of america. james dibble resides in	The country of citizenship of James Dibble is
1	english	the language of los angeles times is not english. it is spanish. it is not	The language of Los Angeles Times is
1	india	the country of citizenship of supriya pathak is india. supriya pathak is married to	The country of citizenship of Supriya Pathak is
0	english	the language of don't stop is simple: "don't stop." it's a	The language of Don't Stop is
1	chile	the country of valparaíso region is located in chile's southernmost tip. it is	The country of Valparaíso Region is
1	ireland	the country of book of kells is ireland. it is located in ireland. it is	The country of Book of Kells is
0	brown	the eye color of alexandria karlsen is blue. she is tall and slender with blonde hair	The eye color of Alexandria Karlsen is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of luis echeverría is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Luis Echeverría is
1	clay	the material used in terracotta is clay. clay is composed of minerals such as quartz	The material used in terracotta is
0	ganga	ganges named after him.

references

category:indian	Ganges named after
0	manchu	the ethnic group of qianlong emperor is mongolian. his father was qianlong emperor's	The ethnic group of Qianlong Emperor is
1	spain	the country of university of barcelona is located in catalonia, spain. it is one of	The country of University of Barcelona is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste-siméon chardin is unknown. he was born in paris around 1699	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alberto moravia is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Alberto Moravia is
1	spain	the country of andalusia is located in southern spain. it is bounded by gibraltar	The country of Andalusia is
0	white	the streak color of orthoclase is yellow to orange. it is often confused with quartz	The streak color of orthoclase is
1	b	the blood type of koji uehara is a+. his favorite food is sushi. his favorite	The blood type of Koji Uehara is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of mircea lucescu is romania. mircea lucescu was born	The country of citizenship of Mircea Lucescu is
0	baseball	the sport played by danny jackson is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Danny Jackson is
0	asia	the continent of lanfang republic is located in northern china. it is located between china	The continent of Lanfang Republic is
0	kathmandu	the headquarters location of south asian association for regional cooperation is located in islamabad, pakistan. it is located at	The headquarters location of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation is
1	france	the country of nice is located in southeastern france. it is situated on france	The country of Nice is
1	english	the native language of joan rivers is english. she was born joan alexandra molinsky on	The native language of Joan Rivers is
0	piano	the instrument of jason derulo is not a guitar. it is a microphone. he	The instrument of Jason Derulo is
1	scotland	the country for sport played by stephen hendry is scotland. he has won more tournaments there than anywhere	The country for sport played by Stephen Hendry is
1	french	the official language of canton of vaud is french. however, english is widely spoken in switzerland	The official language of Canton of Vaud is
0	english	the language of breaking bad is littered with references to science fiction. from walter white	The language of Breaking Bad is
1	argentina	the country of southern cone is located in south america. it consists of argentina,	The country of Southern Cone is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of erich wolfgang korngold is germany. his nationality is german. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Erich Wolfgang Korngold is
1	islam	the religion of nuri as-said is islam. he was born in baghdad in 1871	The religion of Nuri as-Said is
1	catholicism	the religion of notre-dame de paris is catholicism. catholicism is practiced by 95% of the	The religion of Notre-Dame de Paris is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of ruby keeler is usa. ruby keeler nationality is american.	The country of citizenship of Ruby Keeler is
0	spain	spanish gothic architecture is facet of gothic architecture that is characterized by its use of gothic	Spanish Gothic architecture is facet of
0	spain	the country of magellan–elcano expedition is located in southern chile. it is located between lat	The country of Magellan–Elcano expedition is
1	general	the military rank of general joseph colton is unknown. he was born in 1798 in pennsylvania	The military rank of General Joseph Colton is
1	french	the native language of pierre richard is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Pierre Richard is
1	iran	the country of yazd is located in central iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Yazd is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of lil dagover is sweden. lil dagover is swedish citizen since birth	The country of citizenship of Lil Dagover is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of alanis morissette is canada. alanis morissette was born on	The country of citizenship of Alanis Morissette is
1	english	the language of last of the summer wine is english.
the story takes place in england.	The language of Last of the Summer Wine is
1	asia	the continent of myanmar is located in southeast asia. it is situated between india	The continent of Myanmar is
0	english	the language of blasted is simple enough that even a novice programmer can pick up	The language of Blasted is
0	hinduism	the official religion of chenla kingdom is buddhism. buddhism is practiced by all citizens of chen	The official religion of Chenla Kingdom is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of marcel bezençon is france. marcel bezençon was born on	The country of citizenship of Marcel Bezençon is
1	philippines	the country of iloilo city is located in western philippines. it is situated between latitude	The country of Iloilo City is
1	english	the language of what's opera, doc? is english. however, what's opera, doc?	The language of What's Opera, Doc? is
1	knight	the military rank of dafydd ap llywelyn is unknown. however, he was probably a knight because	The military rank of Dafydd ap Llywelyn is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sanada yukimura is japan. sanada yukimura is japanese citizen.	The country of citizenship of Sanada Yukimura is
1	croatia	the country for sport played by ivano balić is croatia. his nationality is croatian. his profession is	The country for sport played by Ivano Balić is
1	english	the native language of nicole kidman is australian english. she was born in sydney on april	The native language of Nicole Kidman is
1	mexico	the country of lucha libre is mexico. it is a country that has been invaded	The country of Lucha libre is
0	indonesia	the country of timor sea is located in southeast asia. it is located between australia	The country of Timor Sea is
0	piano	the instrument of mike posner is an acoustic guitar. his voice is soft, his	The instrument of Mike Posner is
1	english	the native language of ronan farrow is english. his father is woody allen. his mother	The native language of Ronan Farrow is
0	piano	the instrument of tevin campbell is not only his voice but his charisma as well.	The instrument of Tevin Campbell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of steffi graf is germany. she was born in munich on july 26	The country of citizenship of Steffi Graf is
1	guitar	the instrument of brad hawkins is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Brad Hawkins is
0	piano	the instrument of robert schumann is one of the greatest achievements of nineteenth century music.	The instrument of Robert Schumann is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of alexander von humboldt is disputed. his birthplace was berlin, germany. his	The country of citizenship of Alexander von Humboldt is
0	piano	the instrument of toni tennille is one of pop music's greatest treasures. she has	The instrument of Toni Tennille is
1	january	december is followed by january, february, march, april, may,	December is followed by
0	english	the language of it happened one night is rich with references to hollywood history. it is filled	The language of It Happened One Night is
1	buddhism	the religion of goguryeo is believed to have been influenced by buddhism and taoism	The religion of Goguryeo is
1	indonesia	the country of maluku is located in indonesia's eastern archipelago. it	The country of Maluku is
1	basketball	the sport played by giannis antetokounmpo is basketball. but his style of play is basketball�	The sport played by Giannis Antetokounmpo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles marie rené leconte de lisle is france. his father was charles marie rené l	The country of citizenship of Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle is
0	harmonica	the instrument of bruce willis is a revolver. he shoots people with it. he	The instrument of Bruce Willis is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of cristóbal balenciaga is spain.

career 
balen	The country of citizenship of Cristóbal Balenciaga is
0	agriculture	agricultural economics is facet of economics that deals with production and consumption of food.	agricultural economics is facet of
1	iran	the country of press tv is located in iran. it is located in tehran.	The country of Press TV is
0	poetry	the genre of edna ferber is romance novels. she wrote romance novels for decades.	The genre of Edna Ferber is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of gabriel iglesias is mexico. he was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Iglesias is
1	euro	the currency of france is euros. the currency of italy is euros. the	The currency of France is
1	japan	the country for sport played by hideki matsui is japan. he was born in tokyo on march 31	The country for sport played by Hideki Matsui is
0	indonesia	palau shares a border with guam and american samoa. it is located in mic	Palau shares a border with
0	quarterback	the team position of carson wentz is still unclear. but one thing is clear: he	The team position of Carson Wentz is
1	judaism	the religion of fritz haber is judaism. his father was jewish. his mother was	The religion of Fritz Haber is
1	spanish	the native language of iván duque márquez is spanish. he was born in havana on march 26	The native language of Iván Duque Márquez is
1	english	the official language of colorado is english. spanish is spoken by approximately 1 million people	The official language of Colorado is
1	islam	the religion of talal of jordan is islam. he was born on august 31, 1962	The religion of Talal of Jordan is
1	english	the native language of charmian carr is english. she was born in england and moved to	The native language of Charmian Carr is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of juan manuel santos is colombia. juan manuel santos was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Juan Manuel Santos is
1	english	the native language of john phillips is english. he was born in england and lived there	The native language of John Phillips is
1	catholicism	the religion of john iii of portugal is catholicism. his mother was queen maria theresa of austria	The religion of John III of Portugal is
1	tanzania	the country of mount kilimanjaro is tanzania. the city of kilimanjaro is	The country of Mount Kilimanjaro is
1	netherlands	the country of amsterdam metro is located in amsterdam, netherlands. it has a population	The country of Amsterdam Metro is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of nawaz sharif is pakistan. nawaz sharif was born on october 25	The country of citizenship of Nawaz Sharif is
1	myanmar	the country of shwedagon pagoda is myanmar (formerly burma). it is located in yang	The country of Shwedagon Pagoda is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of laura dekker is netherlands. laura dekker nationality is dutch. laura	The country of citizenship of Laura Dekker is
0	greeks	the ethnic group of mikis theodorakis is greek. he was born in athens on april 9	The ethnic group of Mikis Theodorakis is
1	argentina	falkland islands is territory claimed by argentina and britain. it is located south of argentina	Falkland Islands is territory claimed by
1	christianity	the religion of clay aiken is christianity. he has been baptized and confirmed as a	The religion of Clay Aiken is
1	indonesia	the country of bali kingdom is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of Bali Kingdom is
1	english	the native language of britney spears is english. she was born on december 25th 1981	The native language of Britney Spears is
1	pakistan	the country for sport played by wasim akram is pakistan. he has played cricket for pakistan since 1989	The country for sport played by Wasim Akram is
0	kolkata	the place of birth of sourav ganguly is hyderabad. he was born on 26th august	The place of birth of Sourav Ganguly is
1	africa	the continent of cameroon is located in central africa. it shares borders with nigeria	The continent of Cameroon is
1	hungary	somogy county is located in southwestern hungary along the border with austria. it covers	Somogy County is located in
0	doctorate	the academic degree of charan singh is ba (honours). he belongs to uttar pradesh	The academic degree of Charan Singh is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of john hiller is united states of america.
the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of John Hiller is
1	france	the original country of illusions perdues is france. it was written by marcel schwob in	The original country of Illusions perdues is
0	german	the language of the threepenny opera is rich with irony and satire. it is ironic because	The language of The Threepenny Opera is
0	green	the eye color of lisa dergan podsednik is blue. she was born on april 26, 1962	The eye color of Lisa Dergan Podsednik is
1	brown	the eye color of keshia knight pulliam is brown. she was born on september 26, 1979	The eye color of Keshia Knight Pulliam is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of juan pérez de montalbán is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Juan Pérez de Montalbán is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of umberto eco is italy. he was born in italy on april 26	The country of citizenship of Umberto Eco is
0	poland	the country of warsaw is located in central europe. it is situated between germany	The country of Warsaw is
0	russian	the language used in dushanbe is uzbek. uzbek is spoken by about 40 million people	The language used in Dushanbe is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of fulgencio batista is cuba. he was born in havana on january 17	The country of citizenship of Fulgencio Batista is
1	ios	the operating system of ipad is ios which is developed by apple inc. ios is	The operating system of iPad is
0	french	the language used in canton of vaud is swiss german dialect. it is spoken by about 80	The language used in Canton of Vaud is
0	pitcher	the team position of craig kimbrel is interesting. he’s been one of baseball	The team position of Craig Kimbrel is
1	brazil	the country of são bernardo do campo is located in brazil. it has a population of about	The country of São Bernardo do Campo is
1	france	the country of fontaine-de-vaucluse is located in southeastern france. it is situated between marse	The country of Fontaine-de-Vaucluse is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan domingo perón is argentina.
the country of citizenship of juan carlos	The country of citizenship of Juan Domingo Perón is
0	malayalam	the native language of k. r. narayanan is tamil. he was born in chennai on 26 september	The native language of K. R. Narayanan is
1	english	the language of funnies on parade is english. however, since this blogspot is hosted	The language of Funnies on Parade is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre de fermat is unknown. he was born in france around 1601	The country of citizenship of Pierre de Fermat is
1	cricket	the sport played by garfield sobers is known as cricket. it is played by millions of	The sport played by Garfield Sobers is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ilse koch is germany.
the country of citizenship of ilse	The country of citizenship of Ilse Koch is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of slim dusty is australia. slim dusty was born in sydney,	The country of citizenship of Slim Dusty is
1	canada	the country of canadian confederation is composed of ten provinces and three territories. canada is	The country of Canadian Confederation is
1	spanish	the official language of aguascalientes city is spanish. however, english is widely spoken in agu	The official language of Aguascalientes City is
0	english	the language of the sopranos is italian, but it is not italian spoken by italians	The language of The Sopranos is
1	o	the blood type of jerry lewis is a+. his wife is jewish. his son is	The blood type of Jerry Lewis is
1	blue	the eye color of jane seymour is blue. she was born on january 26th,	The eye color of Jane Seymour is
1	japan	the country of judo is japan. the sport of judo is judo	The country of judo is
1	mexico	chiapas is located in southeastern mexico. it is bordered by guatemala to	Chiapas is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of jonatha brooke is a guitar with a neck that bends backwards, allowing	The instrument of Jonatha Brooke is
1	india	the country of berhampore is situated in bengal province of india. it is situated	The country of Berhampore is
0	murder	leon czolgosz convicted of assassinating president mckinley

leon cz	Leon Czolgosz convicted of
1	french	the native language of luc montagnier is french. he was born in paris on july 31	The native language of Luc Montagnier is
1	english	the native language of stephen hillenburg is english. his parents were born in england and moved	The native language of Stephen Hillenburg is
1	italy	the original country of pasta is italy. italians have been eating pasta since ancient times	The original country of pasta is
0	france	the country of citizenship of philibert tsiranana is madagascar. philibert tsiranana was	The country of citizenship of Philibert Tsiranana is
0	opera	the genre of bohuslav martinů is often referred to as czechoslovakian music because	The genre of Bohuslav Martinů is
1	baseball	the sport played by derrek lee is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Derrek Lee is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toyotomi hideyoshi is disputed. according to japanese historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Toyotomi Hideyoshi is
0	major	the military rank of lester c. hunt is private first class. he was born on 21 january	The military rank of Lester C. Hunt is
1	guitar	the instrument of bob shane is a guitar amplifier that looks like a guitar amplifier.	The instrument of Bob Shane is
0	english	the language of hoop dreams is poetic, but it is also poeticized. it	The language of Hoop Dreams is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mitsuru adachi is japan. mitsuru adachi nationality is japanese.	The country of citizenship of Mitsuru Adachi is
0	opera	the genre of antonio salieri is difficult to define. his music is often referred to	The genre of Antonio Salieri is
1	russian	the official language of chelyabinsk is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Chelyabinsk is
1	russia	republic of ingushetia is located in northwestern caucasus region of russia. it is situated between	Republic of Ingushetia is located in
1	english	the native language of sam huntington is english. he was born in england and grew up	The native language of Sam Huntington is
0	guitar	the instrument of emily osment is her voice. she sings with a purity that makes	The instrument of Emily Osment is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of vladislav tretiak is belarus. vladislav tretiak was born	The country of citizenship of Vladislav Tretiak is
1	romania	the country of transylvania is located in romania. it is situated in southeastern europe	The country of Transylvania is
1	hungarian	the languages spoken, written or signed by lászló krasznahorkai is hungarian. his novels are written in hungarian. his	The languages spoken, written or signed by László Krasznahorkai is
1	london	the residence of mary shelley is located at 21 skinner street in london. it is	The residence of Mary Shelley is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of magda szabó is hungary. magda szabo was born on january	The country of citizenship of Magda Szabó is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of christopher paul neil is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Christopher Paul Neil is
0	brown	the eye color of laura harring is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Laura Harring is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of muawiyah i is uncertain. according to ibn khaldun, he	The ethnic group of Muawiyah I is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of rudolf von laban is unknown. he was born in germany around 1885	The country of citizenship of Rudolf von Laban is
1	french	the native language of théophile de viau is french. his poems were translated into english by william	The native language of Théophile de Viau is
1	english	the language used in barbados is english. however, there are many dialects of	The language used in Barbados is
1	russian	the official language of kabardino-balkaria is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Kabardino-Balkaria is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of marinid sultanate is sultanate. the sultan is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Marinid Sultanate is
1	german	the native language of max ernst is german. his father was a painter who died when	The native language of Max Ernst is
1	france	the country of rhône-alpes is located in southeastern france. it is composed of three	The country of Rhône-Alpes is
1	korean	the native language of park geun-hye is korean. she speaks korean fluently. she has	The native language of Park Geun-hye is
1	brazil	pará is located in northeastern brazil, bordering paraguay and argentina. it	Pará is located in
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of ramón novarro is mexico. he was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Ramón Novarro is
0	mathematics	mathematical problem is facet of a larger mathematical problem.
the larger problem is	mathematical problem is facet of
0	uruguay	the country of citizenship of alfredo baldomir is argentina. he was born on august 31, 1962	The country of citizenship of Alfredo Baldomir is
1	spanish	the native language of carlos menem is spanish. he was born in buenos aires on july	The native language of Carlos Menem is
1	french	the native language of jacques-louis david is french. his father was a painter who taught him	The native language of Jacques-Louis David is
1	french	the native language of charles péguy is french. his writings are translated into english by geoffrey	The native language of Charles Péguy is
1	english	the native language of grover cleveland is english. his mother was born in england and his	The native language of Grover Cleveland is
1	english	the official language of solomon islands is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Solomon Islands is
1	russia	the country of central siberian plateau is located in northern siberia, russia. it covers an	The country of Central Siberian Plateau is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of yitzhak shamir is israel. his father was born in poland. his	The country of citizenship of Yitzhak Shamir is
1	france	the country of chaîne des puys is located in northern france. it is situated between belgium	The country of Chaîne des Puys is
1	telugu	the official language of warangal is telugu. warangal is famous for its	The official language of Warangal is
1	eating	cooking is followed by eating.

the first thing to do is	cooking is followed by
0	philippines	the country of central visayas is located in southeast asia. it is bounded by eastern	The country of Central Visayas is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of david foster is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of David Foster is
1	guitar	the instrument of ed sheeran is not guitar. it is piano. his voice is	The instrument of Ed Sheeran is
0	hamburg	elbe is located in germany's northernmost state of schleswig-	Elbe is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain poher is france.
the country of citizenship of jean-	The country of citizenship of Alain Poher is
1	france	the country of citizenship of abel gance is france. abel gance was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Abel Gance is
1	india	the country of cuttack is situated in eastern india. it is situated on banks	The country of Cuttack is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-martin charcot is france. jean-martin charcot was born on	The country of citizenship of Jean-Martin Charcot is
0	brown	the eye color of barbi benton is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Barbi Benton is
1	hungary	the original country of kincsem is located in hungary. it is located in hungary near	The original country of Kincsem is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of hugh owen thomas is england. his nationality is british. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Hugh Owen Thomas is
0	english	the language of goodfellas is italian. it is spoken by tony soprano,	The language of Goodfellas is
0	asia	the continent of mumbai is located in india. it is situated on the western	The continent of Mumbai is
1	english	the native language of lisa spoonauer is english. she was born in chicago on september 26	The native language of Lisa Spoonauer is
1	french	the native language of andré gide is french. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The native language of André Gide is
1	blue	the color of the flag of scotland is blue with white stripes. the flag of scotland was	The color of the flag of Scotland is
0	asia	the continent of empire of japan is divided into four regions: hokkaido region,	The continent of Empire of Japan is
1	hinduism	the religion of amitabh bachchan is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Amitabh Bachchan is
1	canada	the country for sport played by caroline ouellette is canada. the country for sport played by caroline o	The country for sport played by Caroline Ouellette is
1	christianity	the religion of kim kardashian is christianity. she attends church regularly and has been photographed	The religion of Kim Kardashian is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of shoebill is uncertain. although shoebills are hunted for meat	The IUCN conservation status of Shoebill is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe adami is italy. giuseppe adami was born on	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Adami is
0	pitcher	the team position of chris short is currently unknown. short was drafted in the sixth round	The team position of Chris Short is
0	king	the noble title of henry vii is derived from his father's surname, henry fitzroy	The noble title of Henry VII is
1	opera	the genre of gian carlo menotti is opera buffa. his operas are witty,	The genre of Gian Carlo Menotti is
1	buddhism	the religion of emperor xianzong of tang is buddhism. his father emperor xuanzong of tang	The religion of Emperor Xianzong of Tang is
1	prague	the capital of czechoslovakia is prague. prague is located in central europe. prague	The capital of Czechoslovakia is
0	english	the language of for he's a jolly good fellow is rich with irony. it is ironic that the narrator	The language of For He's a Jolly Good Fellow is
0	islam	the religion of hyder ali is hinduism. his father was hindu rajput ruler	The religion of Hyder Ali is
1	germany	the country of thuringia is located in central germany. it is situated between frankfurt	The country of Thuringia is
1	icelandic	the native language of björk is icelandic. she has been singing in icelandic since she	The native language of Björk is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of wii u is nintendo. nintendo is a japanese company. nintendo is	The manufacturer of Wii U is
1	irish	the language used in county waterford is irish gaelic. irish gaelic is spoken by	The language used in County Waterford is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of layne beachley is australia. layne beachley was born on january	The country of citizenship of Layne Beachley is
0	italy	the original country of cocktail sauce is believed to be cuba. it was invented by cuban	The original country of cocktail sauce is
1	112	the emergency phone number of kingdom of the netherlands is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Kingdom of the Netherlands is
0	piano	the instrument of anna nalick is a violin made by antonio stradivari. it	The instrument of Anna Nalick is
1	netherlands	drenthe is located in northeastern netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam and gron	Drenthe is located in
0	belarus	the country of citizenship of vitaly scherbo is russia. vitaly scherbo nationality is russian.	The country of citizenship of Vitaly Scherbo is
1	english	the language used in university of edinburgh is english. however, students are expected to understand and	The language used in University of Edinburgh is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of ann rutherford is united kingdom. she was born ann rutherford on january	The country of citizenship of Ann Rutherford is
1	egypt	faiyum governorate is located in southern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Faiyum Governorate is located in
1	english	the native language of hannibal hamlin is english. hannibal hamlin was born on april 26	The native language of Hannibal Hamlin is
1	bronze	the material used in bussa emancipation statue is made of bronze alloy which is durable and corrosion resistant	The material used in Bussa Emancipation Statue is
1	catholicism	the official religion of kingdom of navarre is catholicism. the kingdom is governed by a monarchy headed	The official religion of Kingdom of Navarre is
1	guitar	the instrument of pat metheny is an electric guitar. it is his instrument of choice	The instrument of Pat Metheny is
0	jazz	the genre of frank sinatra is synonymous with elegance and sophistication. his voice was smooth	The genre of Frank Sinatra is
1	colonel	the military rank of alexander suvorov is lieutenant colonel. he was born on january 19,	The military rank of Alexander Suvorov is
0	brown	the eye color of kelly monaco is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Kelly Monaco is
0	baseball	the sport played by johnny callison is football. he plays quarterback for the university of alabama	The sport played by Johnny Callison is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of sidney crosby is canada. sidney crosby is canadian. sidney crosby is	The country of citizenship of Sidney Crosby is
0	piano	the instrument of richard carpenter is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Richard Carpenter is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of vlade divac is serbian. his father was born in serbia and his	The ethnic group of Vlade Divac is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of uyghur khaganate is feudal monarchy. the khagan was elected by nobility	The basic form of government of Uyghur Khaganate is
0	berlin	the headquarters location of bombardier transportation is located in montreal, quebec. it is one of	The headquarters location of Bombardier Transportation is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf diesel is germany.
the country of citizenship of nikola tesla	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Diesel is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of ignaz semmelweis is hungary. ignaz semmelweis was born	The country of citizenship of Ignaz Semmelweis is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of paco de lucía is spain.
the country of citizenship of paco	The country of citizenship of Paco de Lucía is
0	rca	the record label of meat loaf is releasing a new album called “meat loaf	The record label of Meat Loaf is
1	english	the native language of fred astaire is english. he was born frederick ashton on march 31	The native language of Fred Astaire is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of bruce onobrakpeya is nigeria. bruce onobrakpeya nationality is	The country of citizenship of Bruce Onobrakpeya is
1	english	the official language of florida is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Florida is
0	latin	the official language of east francia is old norse. the language was spoken by peasants and	The official language of East Francia is
0	baseball	the sport played by amos alonzo stagg is known as football. it is played by millions of	The sport played by Amos Alonzo Stagg is
1	switzerland	the country of st. gallen is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of St. Gallen is
1	ghana	the country of citizenship of yaa asantewaa is ghana. she was born in ghana on january 1	The country of citizenship of Yaa Asantewaa is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of helene fischer is germany.
helene fischer was born on august	The country of citizenship of Helene Fischer is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of thomas keneally is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Thomas Keneally is
1	nigeria	the country of imo state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with nigeria	The country of Imo State is
0	english	the language of the searchers is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Searchers is
0	piano	the instrument of barry white is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Barry White is
0	reggae	the genre of sean paul is dancehall music. it’s dancehall	The genre of Sean Paul is
1	baseball	the sport played by jerry reuss is baseball. he plays baseball for fun. he plays	The sport played by Jerry Reuss is
0	english	the language of civil disobedience is often misunderstood. it is often thought to be synonymous	The language of Civil Disobedience is
0	english	the language of discworld books is often funny, but sometimes it gets silly. here	The language of Discworld books is
0	english	the language of rear window is rich with references to hitchcock’s own films	The language of Rear Window is
1	basketball	the sport played by yao ming is basketball. but it is not basketball as we know	The sport played by Yao Ming is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of paloma  ruiz picasso is spain. she was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Paloma  Ruiz Picasso is
1	german	the language of bild is german. it is written using german spelling conventions.	The language of Bild is
1	canada	the country for sport played by jean béliveau is canada.
the country for sport played by jean	The country for sport played by Jean Béliveau is
1	australia	the country for sport played by evonne goolagong cawley is australia. the country for sport played by evonne	The country for sport played by Evonne Goolagong Cawley is
0	baseball	the sport played by bobby richardson is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Bobby Richardson is
0	brown	the eye color of lisa nicole carson is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Lisa Nicole Carson is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giulia grisi is italy. giulia grisi was born on august	The country of citizenship of Giulia Grisi is
1	basketball	the sport played by dikembe mutombo is basketball. his favorite player is lebron james. his	The sport played by Dikembe Mutombo is
0	piano	the instrument of terence trent d'arby is a guitar with a distinctive sound. it's a	The instrument of Terence Trent D'Arby is
1	milan	the residence of donatella versace is located in milan, italy. it was designed by	The residence of Donatella Versace is
0	french	the language of la princesse de clèves is rich in metaphors and similes. the author uses	The language of La Princesse de Clèves is
0	salem	the capital of oregon is portland. it is located in oregon's pacific northwest	The capital of Oregon is
1	english	the native language of richard crashaw is latin. his poems are written in english verse,	The native language of Richard Crashaw is
0	ireland	the country of scots is located in northern europe. it is situated between england	The country of Scots is
1	tanzania	the country of citizenship of julius nyerere is tanzania. julius nyerere was born on january	The country of citizenship of Julius Nyerere is
1	jazz	the genre of james moody is jazz fusion. his style is jazz fusion. his	The genre of James Moody is
1	australia	dunnart endemic to australia. it is found in coastal areas of queensland	Dunnart endemic to
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of adrián gonzález is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on april	The country of citizenship of Adrián González is
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul cornu is switzerland.
the country of citizenship of paul corn	The country of citizenship of Paul Cornu is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by charles, prince of wales is english, welsh and scottish gaelic. he speaks	The languages spoken, written or signed by Charles, Prince of Wales is
1	egypt	the country of great pyramid of giza is egypt. the country of great pyramid of giza	The country of Great Pyramid of Giza is
1	blue	the eye color of amanda peet is blue. she has blonde hair. she is tall	The eye color of Amanda Peet is
0	finland	the country of winter war is located in northern europe. it is located between scandinav	The country of Winter War is
1	ghana	the country of volta river is located in northern ghana. it is bounded by ghana	The country of Volta River is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of muireadhach albanach ó dálaigh is ireland. ó dálaigh was born	The country of citizenship of Muireadhach Albanach Ó Dálaigh is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of errol flynn is australia. he was born in melbourne on december 31	The country of citizenship of Errol Flynn is
1	golf	the sport played by the open championship is golf. it is played on golf courses. it	The sport played by The Open Championship is
1	germany	hamburg is located in germany's northernmost state of schleswig-	Hamburg is located in
1	english	the language used in south sudan is diverse and includes arabic, english, luo languages such	The language used in South Sudan is
1	italy	the original country of orlando furioso is italy. it was written by dante alighieri	The original country of Orlando Furioso is
1	india	the country of kolhapur is situated in maharashtra state of india. it is located	The country of Kolhapur is
1	black	the eye color of tura satana is blue. she wears glasses. she wears a black	The eye color of Tura Satana is
0	baseball	the sport played by fritz peterson is called football. it is played by fritz peterson.	The sport played by Fritz Peterson is
0	pitcher	the team position of jackie mitchell is currently vacant. please contact jackie mitchell at jmit	The team position of Jackie Mitchell is
0	copenhagen	the headquarters location of nordic council is located in stockholm. nordic council is an umbrella organisation	The headquarters location of Nordic Council is
1	dutch	the native language of hendrik lorentz is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on march 31	The native language of Hendrik Lorentz is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of pedro infante is mexico. he was born in mexico city on july	The country of citizenship of Pedro Infante is
1	india	the country of citizenship of balbir singh, sr. is india. his country of citizenship is india. his	The country of citizenship of Balbir Singh, Sr. is
1	blue	the eye color of justin trudeau is blue. his hair is blond. his smile is	The eye color of Justin Trudeau is
1	austria	the country of styria is located in austria. it is situated in southeastern austria	The country of Styria is
1	japan	the country of ishikawa prefecture is located in japan’s hokuriku region	The country of Ishikawa Prefecture is
1	spain	the country of alcántara bridge is located in spain. it belongs to the province of	The country of Alcántara Bridge is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of wayne gretzky is canada. wayne gretzky was born in edmonton	The country of citizenship of Wayne Gretzky is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of peter finch is unknown. he was born in england around 1650	The country of citizenship of Peter Finch is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by christiane amanpour is arabic, english, french, spanish, portuguese,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Christiane Amanpour is
1	islam	the religion of uthman ibn affan is known as islam. it is believed that uth	The religion of Uthman ibn Affan is
0	wilson	the family name of bill w. is william. william is a masculine surname meaning "friend	The family name of Bill W. is
1	india	the country of citizenship of natwarlal is india.
the country of citizenship of rajendra	The country of citizenship of Natwarlal is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of josé quintana is peru. he was born on april 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of José Quintana is
1	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of mohammed daoud khan is afghanistan. he was born on january 1, 1951	The country of citizenship of Mohammed Daoud Khan is
1	euro	the currency of saint martin (french part) is euro. saint martin uses iso 4217 currency codes	The currency of Saint Martin (French part) is
1	cairo	the capital of fatimid caliphate is cairo. cairo is located in egypt. cairo is	The capital of Fatimid caliphate is
0	power	the measured physical quantity of watt is defined as follows:$$\documentclass[12	The measured physical quantity of watt is
0	pitcher	the team position of justin duchscherer is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Justin Duchscherer is
1	zambia	the country of citizenship of kenneth kaunda is zambia. kenneth kaunda was born on	The country of citizenship of Kenneth Kaunda is
1	cameroon	the country of bamenda is located in northwest cameroon. it is situated in cameroon	The country of Bamenda is
0	piano	the instrument of mary lou williams is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Mary Lou Williams is
1	islam	the official religion of kazakh khanate is islam. kazakh muslims are sunni muslims. kazakh muslims	The official religion of Kazakh Khanate is
1	euro	the currency of cyprus is eur. cyprus is located in europe. its capital	The currency of Cyprus is
1	russian	the native language of svetlana aleksievich is russian. she was born in moscow in 1946.	The native language of Svetlana Aleksievich is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mikaël kingsbury is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Mikaël Kingsbury is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe pepitone is baseball. he plays baseball for a living. he	The sport played by Joe Pepitone is
1	amsterdam	the capital of kingdom of the netherlands is amsterdam. amsterdam is located on the eastern coast of	The capital of Kingdom of the Netherlands is
1	hinduism	the religion of preity zinta is hinduism. she believes in god. she believes	The religion of Preity Zinta is
1	guitar	the instrument of lana del rey is not so much a guitar as it is a voice	The instrument of Lana Del Rey is
1	france	the original country of la marseillaise is france. however, it was written by claude joseph	The original country of La Marseillaise is
1	english	the native language of little richard is african american vernacular english (aave). his	The native language of Little Richard is
1	blue	the eye color of sergei polunin is blue. his hair is blond. his eyebrows are	The eye color of Sergei Polunin is
1	buddhism	the religion of ryūnosuke akutagawa is buddhism. he was born in tokyo in 1906,	The religion of Ryūnosuke Akutagawa is
1	dunedin	the capital of otago region is dunedin. it is situated on otago harbour	The capital of Otago Region is
0	liechtenstein	vaduz is capital of luxembourg province and is situated on luxembourg's southern border	Vaduz is capital of
1	islam	the religion of omar regan is islam. his favorite drink is vodka. his favorite	The religion of Omar Regan is
1	china	the country of citizenship of wong fei-hung is china. he was born in china in 1847	The country of citizenship of Wong Fei-hung is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of karl adolph gjellerup is denmark. karl adolph gjellerup was	The country of citizenship of Karl Adolph Gjellerup is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by anna of russia is russian, ukrainian and belarusian. she speaks russian	The languages spoken, written or signed by Anna of Russia is
1	australia	the country of sydney is located in australia. it is situated on australia's	The country of Sydney is
1	jaipur	the capital of rajasthan is jaipur. it is situated on the banks	The capital of Rajasthan is
1	france	the original country of madame bovary is france. however, it is set in nineteenth century	The original country of Madame Bovary is
1	english	the native language of dick francis is english. his novels are written in english. his	The native language of Dick Francis is
1	france	the country of citizenship of victor-joseph étienne de jouy is france. victor-joseph étienne de jou	The country of citizenship of Victor-Joseph Étienne de Jouy is
1	italian	the language used in san marino is italian. however, there are some differences in pronunciation	The language used in San Marino is
1	english	the native language of jay leno is english. he speaks english with an accent. his	The native language of Jay Leno is
1	lebanon	the country of citizenship of kahlil gibran is lebanon. kahlil gibran was born on	The country of citizenship of Kahlil Gibran is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gustave le gray is france. gustave le gray was born on february	The country of citizenship of Gustave Le Gray is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of chris hadfield is canada. chris hadfield was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Chris Hadfield is
1	english	the official language of tuvalu is english. tuvaluan is spoken by about 10	The official language of Tuvalu is
1	red	the color of ruby is usually red, but it can be yellow or orange	The color of ruby is
0	dance	the main subject of dancing queen is queen elizabeth ii's visit to denmark in 1953.	The main subject of Dancing Queen is
1	madrid	the residence of pedro almodóvar is located in madrid's upscale neighborhood of salamanca.	The residence of Pedro Almodóvar is
1	o	the blood type of rob paulsen is ab negative. rob paulsen's birthday is february	The blood type of Rob Paulsen is
0	entropy	gibbs free energy calculated from the simulation trajectories using umbrella sampling simulations. the	Gibbs free energy calculated from
0	judaism	the religion of bill kristol is liberalism. his religion is liberalism. his religion is	The religion of Bill Kristol is
1	bolivia	the country of cochabamba is located in bolivia. it is situated in bolivia's	The country of Cochabamba is
1	poland	the country of auschwitz-birkenau is located in poland. it is situated in southern poland	The country of Auschwitz-Birkenau is
0	tenor	the voice type of david archuleta is country pop. his genres are country pop. his	The voice type of David Archuleta is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of paul reuter is switzerland. paul reuter was born on in switzerland	The country of citizenship of Paul Reuter is
1	burmese	the official language of myanmar is burmese. english is widely spoken in cities	The official language of Myanmar is
1	vilnius	the capital of grand duchy of lithuania is vilnius. it is located on baltic sea	The capital of Grand Duchy of Lithuania is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sylvie guillem is france. sylvie guillem nationality is french	The country of citizenship of Sylvie Guillem is
0	piano	the instrument of harry connick jr. is one of those rare instruments that can be heard anywhere	The instrument of Harry Connick Jr. is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of lee chong wei is malaysia. however, he has been playing tennis professionally	The country of citizenship of Lee Chong Wei is
1	colonel	the military rank of jean-bedel bokassa is lieutenant colonel. he was born on january 31,	The military rank of Jean-Bedel Bokassa is
1	alsace	strasbourg is capital of france’s northeastern region of alsace	Strasbourg is capital of
1	bucharest	the residence of mircea lucescu is located in bucharest's suburb of floreasca.	The residence of Mircea Lucescu is
0	northumberland	the historic county of newcastle university is situated in newcastle upon tyne, england. newcastle	The historic county of Newcastle University is
1	spain	the country of fuerteventura is located in canary islands, spain. it is one	The country of Fuerteventura is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of vitus bering is russia.
the country of citizenship of vitus	The country of citizenship of Vitus Bering is
1	english	the native language of ann sheridan is english. she was born in chicago on september 26	The native language of Ann Sheridan is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of amenhotep ii is inscribed on his sarcophagus lid. his mummy	The noble title of Amenhotep II is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of pola negri is italy. she was born in italy on april 26	The country of citizenship of Pola Negri is
1	japan	the country of nagoya municipal subway is located in japan. it is located in japan's	The country of Nagoya Municipal Subway is
1	utah	bonneville salt flats is located in utah, usa. it is one of world's	Bonneville Salt Flats is located in
1	england	the country for sport played by bobby charlton is england. the country for sport played by bobby charl	The country for sport played by Bobby Charlton is
0	republic	the basic form of government of madagascar is parliamentary democracy. elections are held every five years.	The basic form of government of Madagascar is
1	russian	the official language of sakha republic is russian. sakha republic is located in siberia,	The official language of Sakha Republic is
0	english	the native language of brian tyree henry is haitian creole. he grew up in brooklyn,	The native language of Brian Tyree Henry is
0	guitar	the instrument of willie nelson is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Willie Nelson is
1	pennsylvania	harrisburg is capital of pennsylvania. it is located in central pennsylvania. it	Harrisburg is capital of
1	area	the measured physical quantity of square inch is called area. area is measured by multiplying length by	The measured physical quantity of square inch is
1	english	the native language of heather menzies is english. she grew up in vancouver, canada,	The native language of Heather Menzies is
0	kiel	the capital of schleswig-holstein is hamburg. hamburg is germany's largest city and one	The capital of Schleswig-Holstein is
1	islam	the religion of houari boumediene is islam. he was born in algeria on april 15	The religion of Houari Boumediene is
1	netherlands	zeeland is located in southwest netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam and rot	Zeeland is located in
0	major	the military rank of paddy roy bates is unknown. he was born in ireland around 1885	The military rank of Paddy Roy Bates is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of genzebe dibaba is ethiopia. she competed for ethiopia at the 2012 summer	The country of citizenship of Genzebe Dibaba is
1	wales	the country for sport played by gareth edwards is wales. he is welsh. he is welsh.	The country for sport played by Gareth Edwards is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of viggo mortensen is norway. he was born in oslo on april 9	The country of citizenship of Viggo Mortensen is
1	ireland	the country of saint patrick's day is ireland. it is celebrated on march 17th.	The country of Saint Patrick's Day is
0	netherlands	the country for sport played by marco van basten is holland. he was born on march 31st 1969	The country for sport played by Marco van Basten is
1	australia	the original country of blue heelers is australia. however, it was filmed in new zealand	The original country of Blue Heelers is
0	javanese	the language used in kalimantan is indonesian. however, indonesian is spoken by only about	The language used in Kalimantan is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf höss is disputed. höss was born in austria but	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Höss is
0	china	the country of citizenship of zheng he is uncertain. according to chinese tradition, zheng he was	The country of citizenship of Zheng He is
0	duke	the noble title of george iii of great britain is derived from his father king george ii who was born	The noble title of George III of Great Britain is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of john millington synge is ireland. his father was irish and his mother was	The country of citizenship of John Millington Synge is
0	soprano	the voice type of leontyne price is one of those things that you either love or hate	The voice type of Leontyne Price is
1	pitcher	the team position of jeff montgomery is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Jeff Montgomery is
1	catholicism	the religion of dan marino is catholicism. he was baptized at st. joseph's	The religion of Dan Marino is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of riccardo giacconi is italy. riccardo giacconi was born	The country of citizenship of Riccardo Giacconi is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of yitzhak rabin is israel. his birthplace is jerusalem. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Yitzhak Rabin is
0	german	the native language of nicolaus copernicus is polish. his father was a priest who died when	The native language of Nicolaus Copernicus is
1	london	the headquarters location of reuters is in london, england. reuters employs approximately 1,	The headquarters location of Reuters is
1	france	the original country of photograph of the normandy invasion (naid 513173) is france. the original country of photograph of the normandy	The original country of Photograph of the Normandy Invasion (NAID 513173) is
1	kuwait	the country of citizenship of saad al-abdullah al-salim al-sabah is kuwait. his nationality is kuwaiti. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Saad Al-Abdullah Al-Salim Al-Sabah is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of melissa doyle is ireland. melissa doyle is married to john doyle.	The country of citizenship of Melissa Doyle is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of antonie van leeuwenhoek is netherlands.
the nationality of antonie van lee	The country of citizenship of Antonie van Leeuwenhoek is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of willson contreras is ecuador. he was born on april 26, 1988	The country of citizenship of Willson Contreras is
0	baritone	the voice type of joseph kobzon is characterized by a rich timbre, which gives his	The voice type of Joseph Kobzon is
0	africa	the continent of democratic republic of the congo is home to more than 60 ethnic groups. each group	The continent of Democratic Republic of the Congo is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of björn borg is sweden. björn borg was born on january	The country of citizenship of Björn Borg is
1	catholicism	the religion of basque people is catholicism. basques are catholics who speak spanish.	The religion of Basque people is
1	english	the language of the flintstones is english. the language of barney miller is english.	The language of The Flintstones is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of leatherback sea turtle is least concern due to its wide distribution and stable population	The IUCN conservation status of Leatherback sea turtle is
0	german	the language of faust is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of Faust is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by anastasio somoza debayle is spanish, english and nicaraguan sign language.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Anastasio Somoza Debayle is
1	doctor	the academic degree of sebastián piñera is doctor honoris causa from universidad cató	The academic degree of Sebastián Piñera is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of robert menzies is usually rendered as sir robert menzies. however	The honorific prefix of Robert Menzies is
0	france	the country of citizenship of michael vartan is armenia. citizenship by descent is acquired automatically by anyone	The country of citizenship of Michael Vartan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of aldo rossi is italy. aldo rossi was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Aldo Rossi is
1	russian	the native language of mikhail gorbachev is russian. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Mikhail Gorbachev is
0	english	the language of romeo and juliet is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Romeo and Juliet is
1	french	the native language of emmanuelle arsan is french. she speaks english fluently. emmanuelle	The native language of Emmanuelle Arsan is
0	opera	the genre of lauritz melchior is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Lauritz Melchior is
1	brazil	the original country of bossa nova is brazil. however, it was born in portugal.	The original country of bossa nova is
1	spanish	the native language of wilmer valderrama is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Wilmer Valderrama is
0	italy	the country of the feast of the gods is located in northern europe. it is a land of	The country of The Feast of the Gods is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of svetlana sorokina is russia. she was born on april 26, 1964	The country of citizenship of Svetlana Sorokina is
1	portuguese	the native language of agostinho neto is portuguese. he was born in lisbon on april 26	The native language of Agostinho Neto is
0	poetry	the genre of alan hollinghurst is difficult to pin down. his novels are often described	The genre of Alan Hollinghurst is
1	basketball	the sport played by nate "tiny" archibald is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Nate "Tiny" Archibald is
1	basketball	the sport played by josh howard is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Josh Howard is
1	french	the native language of michel platini is french. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Michel Platini is
1	green	the official color of molokaʻi is green. it is said that when hawaiians first	The official color of Molokaʻi is
0	green	the eye color of brooke hogan is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Brooke Hogan is
0	chemistry	chemical element is studied by using a model system consisting of a single molecule of	chemical element is studied by
1	germany	the country of deutsches museum is germany. the city of berlin is located in germany	The country of Deutsches Museum is
1	baseball	the sport played by everth cabrera is baseball. but his favorite sport is soccer. he	The sport played by Everth Cabrera is
1	spanish	the native language of césar pelli is spanish. he was born in havana, cuba on	The native language of César Pelli is
0	christianity	the religion of olaf ii of norway is norse paganism. he was baptized as a christian	The religion of Olaf II of Norway is
1	japan	the country of tōhoku region is located in northern japan. it consists of four provinces	The country of Tōhoku region is
0	france	the country of le monde is located in northern africa. it is situated between morocco	The country of Le Monde is
0	nanjing	the capital of national government of the republic of china is taipei city. taipei city is divided into	The capital of National Government of the Republic of China is
0	english	the language of catch-22 is rich with irony. it is ironic that joseph heller	The language of Catch-22 is
1	turkey	the country of denizli is located in turkey's southeastern province of hatay.	The country of Denizli is
1	english	the official language of isle of man is english. however, manx gaelic is spoken	The official language of Isle of Man is
1	chile	the country of viña del mar is located in southern chile near argentina. it is famous	The country of Viña del Mar is
1	blue	the eye color of alison sweeney is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Alison Sweeney is
0	golf	the sport played by rick rhoden is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Rick Rhoden is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of lasse virén is finland. he was born in helsinki on april 9	The country of citizenship of Lasse Virén is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ram kinker baij is india.
the country of citizenship of ram k	The country of citizenship of Ram Kinker Baij is
0	france	the country of citizenship of léonin is unknown. he was born in paris around 1820	The country of citizenship of Léonin is
1	english	the native language of jerry lee lewis is english. he was born jerry lee lewis on january	The native language of Jerry Lee Lewis is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of éamonn ceannt is ireland. he was born in dublin on 26 july	The country of citizenship of Éamonn Ceannt is
1	hinduism	the religion of dipendra of nepal is hinduism. he was born on april 26,	The religion of Dipendra of Nepal is
1	french	the native language of emmanuelle riva is french. she was born in paris on september 26	The native language of Emmanuelle Riva is
1	tripoli	the capital of libya is tripoli. it is located on mediterranean sea coast.	The capital of Libya is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rené-robert cavelier, sieur de la salle is disputed. the french claim that he was born in	The country of citizenship of René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle is
0	australia	the country of 2005 cronulla riots is india. the country of 2005 mumbai riots is india	The country of 2005 Cronulla riots is
1	french	the language used in école normale supérieure is french. however, since this is an english wikipedia	The language used in École normale supérieure is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jayasudha is india. jayasudha is married to jay	The country of citizenship of Jayasudha is
0	oceania	the continent of kingdom of fiji is located in southeast asia. it is situated between australia	The continent of Kingdom of Fiji is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of joan sutherland is australia. she was born in sydney on april 26	The country of citizenship of Joan Sutherland is
1	indonesian	the official language of bengkulu is indonesian. however, bengkulu people speak indonesian	The official language of Bengkulu is
1	palma	the capital of majorca is palma de mallorca. it is located	The capital of Majorca is
1	tanzania	arusha is located in tanzania's northern serengeti region. it	Arusha is located in
1	latin	the official language of roman kingdom is latin. latin was spoken by romans and romans only	The official language of Roman Kingdom is
1	italy	the country of venice is located in italy. it is situated on italy's	The country of Venice is
0	christianity	the religion of hayley williams is punk rock. she wears black lipstick and listens to	The religion of Hayley Williams is
1	basketball	the sport played by paul arizin is basketball. he is a basketball player. he plays	The sport played by Paul Arizin is
1	germany	the country of essen is located in germany. essen is situated in north	The country of Essen is
1	africa	the continent of zambia is located in southern africa. it shares borders with angola	The continent of Zambia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolph leuckhart is germany. rudolph leuckhart was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Rudolph Leuckhart is
1	guitar	the instrument of hayley kiyoko is not a guitar. it is a microphone. it	The instrument of Hayley Kiyoko is
0	brown	the eye color of jean-claude juncker is blue. his wife is blonde. their children are	The eye color of Jean-Claude Juncker is
1	finance	the main subject of financial times is “the future of finance”. it	The main subject of Financial Times is
0	piano	the instrument of kim gun-mo is called “the korean guitar”. it	The instrument of Kim Gun-mo is
0	opera	the genre of bernard herrmann is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Bernard Herrmann is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of eurasian economic union is moscow. the headquarters location of eurasian economic commission	The headquarters location of Eurasian Economic Union is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of ernesto zedillo is mexico. he was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Ernesto Zedillo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste donatien de vimeur, comte de rochambeau is france.
the country of citizenship of marie louise	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur, comte de Rochambeau is
1	indonesia	the basin country of molucca sea is located in indonesia. it consists of indonesia's eastern	The basin country of Molucca Sea is
1	red	the color of the flag of albania is red with a white stripe along the edges. the	The color of the flag of Albania is
1	baseball	the sport played by nippon professional baseball is called baseball. it is played by teams of nine	The sport played by Nippon Professional Baseball is
1	stockholm	the headquarters location of national library of sweden is located in stockholm. the library has branches in stockholm	The headquarters location of National Library of Sweden is
1	french	the native language of charles de gaulle is french. he was born in paris on january 26	The native language of Charles de Gaulle is
0	buddhism	the religion of qara khitai is unknown. it is believed that it was founded by	The religion of Qara Khitai is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of substance use disorder is rapidly expanding. substance use disorders are common and costly	The health specialty of substance use disorder is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of ahmad ibn tulun is disputed. some scholars believe that he was born in	The country of citizenship of Ahmad ibn Tulun is
1	basketball	the sport played by mo udall is called basketball. it is played by men and women	The sport played by Mo Udall is
0	green	the eye color of elle evans is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Elle Evans is
0	denmark	the country of kattegat is located north of scandinavia and east of iceland.	The country of Kattegat is
0	japan	taiwan shares a border with china and has been embroiled in territorial disputes with china	Taiwan shares a border with
1	french	the official language of kinshasa is lingala. french is spoken by many people in	The official language of Kinshasa is
1	australia	the country of history of sydney is australia. sydney is located in australia. sydney is	The country of history of Sydney is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig erhard is germany. ludwig erhard was born on january 1	The country of citizenship of Ludwig Erhard is
0	english	the native language of stephen harper is french. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Stephen Harper is
1	zagreb	the capital of croatia is zagreb. it is located in central europe	The capital of Croatia is
1	english	the native language of smokey robinson is english. he was born in detroit, michigan on	The native language of Smokey Robinson is
0	swedish	the native language of carl gustaf emil mannerheim is finnish. he was born in helsinki on april 9	The native language of Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sitara devi is india. sitara devi was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Sitara Devi is
1	jazz	the genre of gerry mulligan is jazz fusion. it is jazz fusion because it combines	The genre of Gerry Mulligan is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by al-hakim bi-amr allah is arabic, persian, turkish, kurdish, turkish dialect	The languages spoken, written or signed by Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah is
1	india	the country of jabalpur is situated in india’s eastern uttar pradesh state	The country of Jabalpur is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of grant balfour is canada. grant balfour was born on august	The country of citizenship of Grant Balfour is
1	spanish	the language of telediario is spanish.
the language of telediario is	The language of Telediario is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of r. b. bennett is canada.
the country of citizenship of r.	The country of citizenship of R. B. Bennett is
0	goaltender	the team position of wyatt russell is unclear. he has been playing center for utah since	The team position of Wyatt Russell is
1	brown	the eye color of susie feldman is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Susie Feldman is
1	armenia	yerevan is capital of armenia and largest city of armenia. it is located	Yerevan is capital of
1	o	the blood type of aya hirano is ab+. she has been married to hiroki mori	The blood type of Aya Hirano is
1	catholicism	the religion of josé sarney is catholicism. he has been baptized and married in this	The religion of José Sarney is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sesshū tōyō is japan. he was born in kyoto in 1866	The country of citizenship of Sesshū Tōyō is
1	asia	the continent of kyrgyzstan is located in central asia. it is situated between kazakhstan	The continent of Kyrgyzstan is
1	france	the country of tours is situated in south west france. it is situated between	The country of Tours is
1	murder	leo frank convicted of murder in 1939 trial

this is an archived	Leo Frank convicted of
0	piano	the instrument of josh groban is an acoustic guitar. his voice is warm and rich	The instrument of Josh Groban is
0	pitcher	the team position of mike cuellar is currently vacant. please contact us if you are interested	The team position of Mike Cuellar is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masahiro tanaka is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 28	The country of citizenship of Masahiro Tanaka is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gian carlo menotti is italy. menotti was born in italy on january	The country of citizenship of Gian Carlo Menotti is
1	oslo	the residence of edvard munch is located in oslo norway. munch lived here from	The residence of Edvard Munch is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wim wenders is germany. wim wenders was born in frankfurt am	The country of citizenship of Wim Wenders is
0	quarterback	the team position of jim mcmahon is interesting. he was drafted by buffalo in 1983,	The team position of Jim McMahon is
0	france	the country of citizenship of nostradamus is unknown. his birth date is unknown. his birth	The country of citizenship of Nostradamus is
1	israel	negev is located in southern israel and covers an area of approximately 1 million	Negev is located in
1	iran	the country of pakdasht is located in northern iran near afghanistan. it is located	The country of Pakdasht is
1	russian	the official language of moscow is russian. russian is spoken by more than 140 million	The official language of Moscow is
1	massachusetts	otis air national guard base is located in southeastern massachusetts near cape cod. it is home to	Otis Air National Guard Base is located in
1	belgium	the country of flemish brabant is situated in belgium. it is located in northern belgium	The country of Flemish Brabant is
0	quarterback	the team position of john brodie is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of John Brodie is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of post-traumatic stress disorder is relatively new. it was first recognized as a distinct	The health specialty of post-traumatic stress disorder is
1	catholicism	the religion of anton bruckner is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of Anton Bruckner is
1	guitar	the instrument of john stewart is a guitar made by gibson. it is a replica	The instrument of John Stewart is
1	spain	the country of autonomous university of barcelona is located in catalonia, spain. it is one of	The country of Autonomous University of Barcelona is
1	ontario	quebec shares a border with ontario and new york state. quebec has been experiencing	Quebec shares a border with
1	islam	the religion of zacarias moussaoui is islam. he was born in morocco and raised in	The religion of Zacarias Moussaoui is
1	japan	the country of kagoshima prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Kagoshima Prefecture is
0	belgium	the country of belgian revolution is located in northern europe. it is situated between france	The country of Belgian Revolution is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed al-fayed is egypt. mohamed al-fayed was born on	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Al-Fayed is
1	france	the country of citizenship of liliane bettencourt is france.
the country of citizenship of liliane	The country of citizenship of Liliane Bettencourt is
1	a	the blood type of gackt is ab+. gackt's blood type is rh	The blood type of Gackt is
1	iran	south khorasan province is located in northeastern iran. it borders afghanistan to the north and	South Khorasan Province is located in
0	athletics	the sport played by long-distance running is called marathon running. it is played by athletes who	The sport played by long-distance running is
1	quebec	gulf of saint lawrence is located in quebec province, canada. it is situated between quebec	Gulf of Saint Lawrence is located in
0	indonesia	sumatra is located in southeast asia. it is located between java and sum	Sumatra is located in
0	christmas	the public holiday of spain is celebrated on july 25th. this day is celebrated	The public holiday of Spain is
1	french	the native language of alphonse de lamartine is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Alphonse de Lamartine is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of amber liu is china. citizenship means that she is entitled to reside	The country of citizenship of Amber Liu is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takakazu seki is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Takakazu Seki is
1	french	the native language of camille desmoulins is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Camille Desmoulins is
1	portuguese	the native language of pedro ii of brazil is portuguese. his mother was maria teresa rafaela de	The native language of Pedro II of Brazil is
0	piano	the instrument of philip glass is often described as minimalist music. but it is more	The instrument of Philip Glass is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by ali khamenei is persian. he speaks persian fluently. he writes	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ali Khamenei is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of alfred brendel is austria. alfred brendel was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Alfred Brendel is
0	english	the language of harper's magazine is often criticized for being overly academic, but it is	The language of Harper's Magazine is
1	finland	finnish lakeland is located in finland's northernmost province of lapland.	Finnish Lakeland is located in
1	latin	the native language of virgil is latin. his poetry is written in hexameters	The native language of Virgil is
1	india	the country of citizenship of k. r. narayanan is india. k. r. narayanan was	The country of citizenship of K. R. Narayanan is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of heinrich biber is germany. heinrich biber was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Biber is
0	piano	the instrument of penny ford is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Penny Ford is
1	english	the language of american journal of botany is english. authors should follow the style guidelines for manuscripts	The language of American Journal of Botany is
1	germany	the country of tu dresden is located in eastern germany. it is situated between dresden	The country of TU Dresden is
1	french	the native language of jean gabin is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Jean Gabin is
1	guitar	the instrument of the big bopper is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of The Big Bopper is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of giant panda is critically endangered. population decline is exacerbated by poaching for	The IUCN conservation status of giant panda is
1	guitar	the instrument of sky ferreira is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Sky Ferreira is
1	jerusalem	the residence of benjamin netanyahu is located in jerusalem’s upscale neighborhood of ram	The residence of Benjamin Netanyahu is
1	ab	the blood type of boa is ab+. she has been married to her husband for	The blood type of BoA is
1	pitcher	the team position of charlie hough is unclear. he has been listed as a pitcher,	The team position of Charlie Hough is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of cookie rojas is mexico. cookie rojas is married to jose luis	The country of citizenship of Cookie Rojas is
0	psychology	the health specialty of psychopathy is defined by a constellation of personality traits that include impuls	The health specialty of psychopathy is
1	france	the country of centre-val de loire is located in france. it has a population of 1	The country of Centre-Val de Loire is
1	greek	the official language of greece is greek. greek is spoken by about 11 million people	The official language of Greece is
1	english	the language of the silmarillion is archaic, archaic english. tolkien wrote it in imitation	The language of The Silmarillion is
0	piano	the instrument of alan menken is one of disney's greatest achievements. he wrote songs	The instrument of Alan Menken is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of simone bittencourt de oliveira is brazil. simone bittencourt de oliveira was	The country of citizenship of Simone Bittencourt de Oliveira is
1	paris	the residence of benoit mandelbrot is located in paris’ prestigious 16th arrond	The residence of Benoit Mandelbrot is
1	english	the language of three's company is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of Three's Company is
0	english	the language of raging bull is littered with references to boxing. it’s	The language of Raging Bull is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of erich von manstein is germany. he was born in munich on april 26	The country of citizenship of Erich von Manstein is
1	novel	the genre of franz kafka is difficult to define. his novels are often categorized as	The genre of Franz Kafka is
0	english	the language of the graduate is often cited as one of cinema's greatest achievements.	The language of The Graduate is
1	english	the official language of province of maryland is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Province of Maryland is
1	vietnamese	the language used in south vietnam is vietnamese. vietnamese is spoken by about 95 million people	The language used in South Vietnam is
0	bengali	the native language of ali akbar khan is persian. he was born in tehran on december 31	The native language of Ali Akbar Khan is
1	japan	the country of shimonoseki is located in southwestern japan. it is located on ky	The country of Shimonoseki is
1	english	the language of jingle bells is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of Jingle Bells is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich heine is germany. he was born in frankfurt am main on	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Heine is
1	pitcher	the team position of gary nolan is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher on some	The team position of Gary Nolan is
1	english	the native language of foster sylvers is english. he was born in chicago on september 26	The native language of Foster Sylvers is
0	brown	the eye color of mary elizabeth winstead is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Mary Elizabeth Winstead is
0	english	the language of pale fire is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors are metaphors.	The language of Pale Fire is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of sun bear is evaluated as least concern. population trend estimated as stable	The IUCN conservation status of sun bear is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo rossi is italy. paolo rossi was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Paolo Rossi is
1	philippines	the original country of mula sa puso is located in northern philippines. it is inhabited by indigenous	The original country of Mula Sa Puso is
1	india	the country of amaravati is located in india’s southern state of karn	The country of Amaravati is
1	japan	the country of hokkaido university is located in northern japan. it is located in hak	The country of Hokkaido University is
1	japan	the original country of seven samurai is japan. however, it has been translated into many	The original country of Seven Samurai is
1	australia	the country of mount kosciuszko is located in australia's southeastern corner, bordering new south	The country of Mount Kosciuszko is
1	buddhism	the religion of zhuang people is buddhism. zhuang people believe in buddha. they	The religion of Zhuang people is
1	guitar	the instrument of daphne willis is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of Daphne Willis is
1	brown	the eye color of kaia gerber is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Kaia Gerber is
1	arabic	the official language of cooperation council for the arab states of the gulf is arabic. however, english is widely spoken in kuwait	The official language of Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf is
0	assam	nagaland shares a border with myanmar, which has been embroiled in ethnic strife for	Nagaland shares a border with
1	sweden	the country of svealand is located in northern europe. it is located between sweden	The country of Svealand is
1	italian	the official language of ravenna is italian. however, ravenna is also known as	The official language of Ravenna is
1	ibrahim	i̇brahim kaypakkaya given name

ibrahim kaypakkaya (18	İbrahim Kaypakkaya given name
0	brazil	the basin country of uruguay river is located in south america. it is located between argentina	The basin country of Uruguay River is
1	india	the country of hubli-dharwad is situated in karnataka state of india. it is	The country of Hubli-Dharwad is
1	french	the native language of nicolas sarkozy is french. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Nicolas Sarkozy is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of guillermo vilas is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on april	The country of citizenship of Guillermo Vilas is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of volodymyr zelenskiy is ukraine. he was born in 1980 in kiev.	The country of citizenship of Volodymyr Zelenskiy is
0	murder	francisco macías nguema convicted of genocide

francisco macías ngu	Francisco Macías Nguema convicted of
1	india	the country of bathinda is situated in punjab province of india. it is situated	The country of Bathinda is
0	sarawak	sabah shares a border with thailand and malaysia. it is located in southeast asia	Sabah shares a border with
1	mali	the country of citizenship of sunjata keïta is mali. he was born in mali on april 26	The country of citizenship of Sunjata Keïta is
1	ireland	the country of county monaghan is located in ireland. it has a population of about	The country of County Monaghan is
1	india	the country of chandrapur is situated in maharashtra state of india. it is located	The country of Chandrapur is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by franca sozzani is italian, english, french, spanish, portuguese,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Franca Sozzani is
0	brown	the eye color of ellen ripley is blue. she wears glasses. she wears a blue	The eye color of Ellen Ripley is
0	ukraine	the country of citizenship of mikhail tolstykh is russia. mikhail tolstykh was born on 11	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Tolstykh is
1	qatar	the country of doha is located in qatar. it is situated on qatar peninsula	The country of Doha is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of james naismith is unknown. he was born in springfield massachusetts in 1861	The country of citizenship of James Naismith is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of hermann maier is germany.
the country of citizenship of hermann	The country of citizenship of Hermann Maier is
1	paris	the headquarters location of académie française is located at 16 rue saint jacques in paris. it	The headquarters location of Académie Française is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luchino visconti is italy. his nationality is italian. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Luchino Visconti is
1	tunisia	the country of citizenship of habib bourguiba is tunisia. habib bourguiba was born on	The country of citizenship of Habib Bourguiba is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masaoka shiki is japan. his birthplace is tokyo. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Masaoka Shiki is
0	toulouse	the capital of occitania is avignon. it is situated on the rh	The capital of Occitania is
1	vienna	the capital of austrian empire is vienna. it is located in austria. vienna is	The capital of Austrian Empire is
1	blue	the eye color of twiggy lawson is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Twiggy Lawson is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of madeleine martin is canada.
madeleine martin was born on	The country of citizenship of Madeleine Martin is
0	pitcher	the team position of ricky bones is currently unknown.

career statistics
statistics	The team position of Ricky Bones is
1	baseball	the sport played by tony batista is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Tony Batista is
1	english	the native language of alex trebek is french. he speaks english fluently, but he	The native language of Alex Trebek is
1	english	the native language of carl perkins is english. carl perkins was born on january 25th	The native language of Carl Perkins is
0	asia	europe shares a border with ukraine and russia. it has been hit by russian	Europe shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-louis trintignant is france. jean-louis trintignant was born	The country of citizenship of Jean-Louis Trintignant is
0	france	the country of large hadron collider is located in switzerland. the country of large hadron	The country of Large Hadron Collider is
0	english	the language used in press tv is often confusing. for example, when referring to iran	The language used in Press TV is
1	english	the native language of john mccain is english. he speaks it fluently. he has	The native language of John McCain is
1	asia	the continent of singapore is located in southeast asia. it is located between malaysia	The continent of Singapore is
0	london	the work location of philip noel-baker, baron noel-baker is shown on his passport. photograph: pa archive/	The work location of Philip Noel-Baker, Baron Noel-Baker is
1	king	the noble title of george tupou i is bestowed upon him by his majesty king george tupou	The noble title of George Tupou I is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shivaji is india. shivaji was born in maharashtra. shiv	The country of citizenship of Shivaji is
0	martinique	fort-de-france is located in northern haiti near haiti's border with cuba. it	Fort-de-France is located in
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by massimo troisi is italian, english and french.

massimo	The languages spoken, written or signed by Massimo Troisi is
0	catholicism	the religion of al capone is shrouded in mystery. his religion was shrouded in mystery	The religion of Al Capone is
1	buddhism	the religion of allen ginsberg is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for over fifty	The religion of Allen Ginsberg is
1	nigeria	the country of enugu is located in southeastern nigeria. it is located on latitude	The country of Enugu is
0	decca	the record label of shirley bassey is releasing a new album of songs by shirley bassey	The record label of Shirley Bassey is
1	finland	the country of nokia is located in finland. it is situated in northern europe	The country of Nokia is
1	opera	the genre of giacomo puccini is opera buffa. it is a genre that has	The genre of Giacomo Puccini is
0	count	the noble title of carlo gesualdo is derived from his birthplace, gesualdo di raven	The noble title of Carlo Gesualdo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of g. n. ramachandran is india. g. n. ramachandran	The country of citizenship of G. N. Ramachandran is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of stephen spinella is united states of america. stephen spinella nationality	The country of citizenship of Stephen Spinella is
0	asia	the continent of hoysala empire is located in karnataka state of india. it is	The continent of Hoysala Empire is
1	english	the native language of william t. g. morton is english. he was born in london on april 26	The native language of William T. G. Morton is
0	republic	the basic form of government of egypt is parliamentary democracy. egypt has been governed by military dictators	The basic form of government of Egypt is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of günter grass is germany. günter grass was born in	The country of citizenship of Günter Grass is
1	france	the country of citizenship of patrick modiano is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Patrick Modiano is
1	blue	the eye color of claudia schiffer is blue. she has blonde hair. claudia schiffer	The eye color of Claudia Schiffer is
1	mexico	the country of guadalupe island is located in mexico's pacific ocean coast near mexico city	The country of Guadalupe Island is
1	russia	the country of ak bars kazan is located in russia. it is situated in northwest russia	The country of Ak Bars Kazan is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by ángel guimerá is spanish, english and french. his mother tongue is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ángel Guimerá is
0	english	the language of slouching towards bethlehem is rife with metaphors comparing israel to a pilgrim wandering	The language of Slouching Towards Bethlehem is
0	harp	the instrument of turlough o'carolan is preserved in dublin castle. it was purchased by queen	The instrument of Turlough O'Carolan is
0	france	the country of citizenship of catherine théot is unknown. she was born in paris around 1750	The country of citizenship of Catherine Théot is
1	nigeria	the country of akwa ibom state is located in nigeria’s southwestern region. it	The country of Akwa Ibom State is
1	frequency	the measured physical quantity of hertz is defined as frequency divided by wavelength. frequency is measured	The measured physical quantity of hertz is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walther rathenau is germany. rathenau was born in berlin on	The country of citizenship of Walther Rathenau is
1	brazil	maranhão is located in northeastern brazil. it is located in brazil's atlantic	Maranhão is located in
1	catholicism	the religion of andrés pastrana arango is catholicism. andrés pastrana arango	The religion of Andrés Pastrana Arango is
0	english	the language of the electric kool-aid acid test is littered with references to drugs and alcohol. in fact	The language of The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of peter the great is disputed. according to russian historians, peter was born	The country of citizenship of Peter the Great is
0	islam	the religion of al-mutanabbi is based on mysticism and mysticism is based on	The religion of Al-Mutanabbi is
1	thailand	thai is indigenous to thailand. it is spoken by about 80 million people	Thai is indigenous to
0	catholicism	the religion of claudio monteverdi is unknown. his father was giovanni antonio monteverdi	The religion of Claudio Monteverdi is
0	christianity	the religion of otto iii is unknown. he was baptized on december 31, 9	The religion of Otto III is
1	india	the country of citizenship of priyanka chopra is india. priyanka chopra nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Priyanka Chopra is
1	mozambique	maputo is located in southern mozambique, bordering tanzania and zimbabwe.	Maputo is located in
1	hungary	szabolcs-szatmár-bereg county is located in north eastern hungary. it covers an area of 1	Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County is located in
1	france	the country of lyon is located in france. it is situated in south east	The country of Lyon is
0	black	the color of sunday silence is blue. it’s not just any blue	The color of Sunday Silence is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shingo kunieda is japan. he was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Shingo Kunieda is
0	manhattan	the place of publication of the new york times is new york city. the place of publication of the	The place of publication of The New York Times is
0	baseball	the sport played by mike cuellar is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Mike Cuellar is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of stana katic is serbian. she was born in belgrade, yugoslavia	The ethnic group of Stana Katic is
0	english	the native language of janel moloney is irish gaelic. she grew up in dublin,	The native language of Janel Moloney is
0	english	the language of the good soldier is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Good Soldier is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of lisa wilkinson is australia.
the country of citizenship of lisa wilkinson	The country of citizenship of Lisa Wilkinson is
1	manitoba	lake winnipeg is located in manitoba canada. it is located on lake winnipeg which	Lake Winnipeg is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by antawn jamison is basketball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Antawn Jamison is
0	major	the military rank of lyudmila pavlichenko is unknown. she was awarded hero of socialist labour for	The military rank of Lyudmila Pavlichenko is
0	english	the native language of george r. r. martin is scottish gaelic. he has stated that he learned	The native language of George R. R. Martin is
1	japan	the country of 2011 tōhoku earthquake and tsunami is located in northeastern japan. it is located between japan	The country of 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami is
1	australia	tasmania is located in australia's southernmost mainland region. it is separated	Tasmania is located in
1	japan	the country of kyoto national museum is located in kyoto city, japan. it is one	The country of Kyoto National Museum is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail fradkov is russia. mikhail fradkov was born on january	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Fradkov is
1	dutch	the language of diary of anne frank is written in dutch. it was translated by frances fren	The language of Diary of Anne Frank is
0	piano	the instrument of carole king is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Carole King is
0	steel	the material used in akashi kaikyō bridge is called "akashi kaikyō" (ak	The material used in Akashi Kaikyō Bridge is
0	bengali	the language used in odisha is sanskritised hindi. sanskritised hindi is spoken by	The language used in Odisha is
1	egypt	the country of luxor is located in egypt. it is located in upper egypt	The country of Luxor is
1	mackenzie	the family name of peter mackenzie is derived from mackenzie castle near loch ness in	The family name of Peter MacKenzie is
1	french	the language of le monde is not english. it is french. it is difficult	The language of Le Monde is
1	english	the language used in nigeria is english. nigerian english is similar to british english but	The language used in Nigeria is
0	piedmont	lombardy shares a border with switzerland and italy, and is surrounded by france and	Lombardy shares a border with
1	baseball	the sport played by willie montañez is baseball. but it is not baseball as we know	The sport played by Willie Montañez is
1	murder	sada abe convicted of murdering wife

japanese businessman sada abe has	Sada Abe convicted of
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of andriy shevchenko is ukraine. he was born on january 19th,	The country of citizenship of Andriy Shevchenko is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shōichirō toyoda is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Shōichirō Toyoda is
1	french	the native language of françois truffaut is french. his mother tongue is french. his father	The native language of François Truffaut is
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul scarron is unknown. he was born in paris around 1560	The country of citizenship of Paul Scarron is
1	hinduism	the religion of sonu nigam is hinduism. he believes in god shiva. his	The religion of Sonu Nigam is
1	english	the language used in tokelau is derived from english and french. it has been influenced	The language used in Tokelau is
1	jazz	the genre of clifford brown is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Clifford Brown is
0	english	the native language of william howard taft is spanish. his mother was born in spain. his	The native language of William Howard Taft is
1	dutch	the native language of gerrit rietveld is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Gerrit Rietveld is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of sarah chalke is canada. she was born on july 9th,	The country of citizenship of Sarah Chalke is
1	english	the language of the nation is english. if you wish to comment on articles published	The language of The Nation is
1	republic	the basic form of government of sahrawi arab democratic republic is republican democracy. the republic consists of three provinces:	The basic form of government of Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic is
1	french	the native language of louis-antoine de bougainville is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Louis-Antoine de Bougainville is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of adriana lima is peru. she was born on august 19th,	The country of citizenship of Adriana Lima is
1	opera	the genre of giovanni battista pergolesi is known as opera buffa or comedy opera. it	The genre of Giovanni Battista Pergolesi is
1	australia	the country of alice springs is located in central australia. it is situated on australia	The country of Alice Springs is
1	french	the native language of jean-de-dieu soult is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Jean-de-Dieu Soult is
1	french	the native language of george sand is french. she wrote her first novel, entitled madame	The native language of George Sand is
1	mauritius	the country of port louis is located in mauritius island. it is situated in	The country of Port Louis is
0	english	the language of the comedy of errors is rich with references to classical mythology. these references are	The language of The Comedy of Errors is
1	indonesia	the country of greater sunda islands is located in southeast asia. it consists of indonesia,	The country of Greater Sunda Islands is
1	english	the language of treasure island is english.

plot summary
treasure island	The language of Treasure Island is
1	germany	the country of leipzig is located in eastern germany. it is situated between dresden	The country of Leipzig is
1	english	the native language of john glenn is english. he was born in cambridge massachusetts on march	The native language of John Glenn is
1	french	the language of des racines et des ailes is written in french with occasional english words. the english	The language of Des racines et des ailes is
0	brown	the eye color of aisha tyler is hazel. aisha tyler was born on july	The eye color of Aisha Tyler is
0	brown	the eye color of danneel harris is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Danneel Harris is
1	colonel	the military rank of james irwin is lieutenant colonel. he was born on april 9,	The military rank of James Irwin is
0	piano	the instrument of andraé crouch is not music but prayer. his voice is not music	The instrument of Andraé Crouch is
1	bogota	the capital of colombia is bogota. it is located in colombia's northwest	The capital of Colombia is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of warner oland is canada. warner oland was born in canada on	The country of citizenship of Warner Oland is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean léonard marie poiseuille is france. jean léonard marie poise	The country of citizenship of Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille is
0	green	the eye color of kelly packard is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Kelly Packard is
1	english	the official language of united states of america is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of United States of America is
1	english	the native language of james russell lowell is english. his mother was born in england and his	The native language of James Russell Lowell is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of louis st. laurent is canada. his father was born in quebec city,	The country of citizenship of Louis St. Laurent is
1	colonel	the military rank of oliver cromwell is uncertain. he was appointed colonel of cavalry in 16	The military rank of Oliver Cromwell is
0	english	the language of grizzly man is poetic, poetic in its simplicity. it is poetic	The language of Grizzly Man is
1	asia	the continent of bangladesh is located in south asia. it shares borders with india	The continent of Bangladesh is
1	japan	shikoku is located in southwestern japan. it consists of islands and islands.	Shikoku is located in
1	islam	the religion of ahmet ertegün is islam. he was born in istanbul on april 26	The religion of Ahmet Ertegün is
1	england	the country for sport played by david beckham is england. the country for sport played by beckham is	The country for sport played by David Beckham is
0	centre	the team position of wayne gretzky is one of hockey's greatest mysteries.

the	The team position of Wayne Gretzky is
1	australia	the original country of the thorn birds is australia. however, it was filmed in new zealand	The original country of The Thorn Birds is
1	india	the country of citizenship of saritha is india. saritha has been convicted of murder	The country of citizenship of Saritha is
0	opera	the genre of carl orff is music drama. his music dramas are based on ancient	The genre of Carl Orff is
1	india	the country of dhanbad is situated in india's eastern region of bihar. it	The country of Dhanbad is
1	french	the native language of maurice leblanc is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Maurice Leblanc is
1	maharashtra	mumbai is capital of maharashtra state in india. mumbai is famous for its	Mumbai is capital of
0	wood	the material used in the turkish bath is not only beautiful but also durable. it is made	The material used in The Turkish Bath is
1	basketball	the sport played by jack sikma is basketball. his favorite player is kareem abdul jab	The sport played by Jack Sikma is
1	english	the native language of anne hathaway is english. she was born in norfolk around 1556	The native language of Anne Hathaway is
1	india	the country of delhi is located in northern india. it is situated between punjab	The country of Delhi is
1	opera	the genre of enrico caruso is opera buffa. his voice is rich and expressive	The genre of Enrico Caruso is
1	hinduism	the religion of jaya bachchan is hinduism. she believes in god. she believes	The religion of Jaya Bachchan is
0	playstation	the platform of final fantasy iv is one of my favorite games of all time. it	The platform of Final Fantasy IV is
1	bangladesh	rajshahi division is located in southeastern bangladesh. it covers an area of . its	Rajshahi Division is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of angelique boyer is france. she was born on august 31, 1978	The country of citizenship of Angelique Boyer is
1	spain	the country of history of madrid is spain. it is located in europe. it is	The country of history of Madrid is
0	black	the eye color of li wenliang is blue. his eyes are bright and clear. his	The eye color of Li Wenliang is
0	pitcher	the team position of james shields is interesting. he has been one of baseball's best	The team position of James Shields is
1	spanish	the native language of michelle bachelet is spanish. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Michelle Bachelet is
0	islam	the religion of aliko dangote is christianity. he was baptized as a child. he	The religion of Aliko Dangote is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-paul belmondo is france. jean-paul belmondo was born	The country of citizenship of Jean-Paul Belmondo is
1	algeria	algiers is capital of algeria. it is located on algeria's mediterranean coast	Algiers is capital of
1	colombia	bogota is capital of colombia and is located in southwestern colombia. it is	Bogota is capital of
0	japan	the country of genpei war is located in eastern asia. it is located between china	The country of Genpei War is
1	england	the country of citizenship of david beckham is england. his nationality is british. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of David Beckham is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of emily murphy is ireland. emily murphy was born on january 26,	The country of citizenship of Emily Murphy is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of domenico fontana is italy. he was born on 11 february 1945 in	The country of citizenship of Domenico Fontana is
0	philippines	the country of cebuano is located in southeast asia. it is situated south of	The country of Cebuano is
1	chinese	the official language of taiwan is mandarin chinese. taiwanese people speak taiwanese hoklo mandarin	The official language of Taiwan is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of irena szewińska is poland. she was born on august 26, 1988	The country of citizenship of Irena Szewińska is
1	buddhism	the religion of wu cheng'en is buddhism. he was born in jiangxi province in	The religion of Wu Cheng'en is
0	sultan	the noble title of jahangir is derived from jahangir khan who was born in	The noble title of Jahangir is
1	spanish	the native language of alan garcía is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Alan García is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of thomas wyatt is usually spelled wyttenbach or wyttenbachius	The honorific prefix of Thomas Wyatt is
0	republic	the basic form of government of turkey is parliamentary democracy. turkey has been governed by parliamentary democracy	The basic form of government of Turkey is
1	argentina	catamarca province is located in northwestern argentina. it borders salta province to the	Catamarca Province is located in
1	kiev	the capital of ukraine is kiev. it is located in southeastern europe on ukraine	The capital of Ukraine is
1	canada	ontario is located in canada's northwest corner, bordering quebec to the north	Ontario is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of chūichi nagumo is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Chūichi Nagumo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of daihachi oguchi is japan.
the country of citizenship of daiji	The country of citizenship of Daihachi Oguchi is
1	niger	niamey is located in niger's southwest corner, bordering nigeria and burkina	Niamey is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of anish kapoor is india. anish kapoor was born on january	The country of citizenship of Anish Kapoor is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis philippe i is france. his father was louis philippe ii, duke	The country of citizenship of Louis Philippe I is
1	china	the country of citizenship of li lili is china. li lili is married to li jian	The country of citizenship of Li Lili is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of brendan behan is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Brendan Behan is
1	australia	the country of sydney metro is australia's largest metropolitan area with over 5 million residents	The country of Sydney Metro is
0	bogota	the place of birth of andrés pastrana arango is unknown. he was born in colombia. his parents	The place of birth of Andrés Pastrana Arango is
1	guitar	the instrument of eros ramazzotti is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Eros Ramazzotti is
0	english	the language of get smart is funny because it is so absurd. it is absurd	The language of Get Smart is
1	china	the country of citizenship of dong biwu is china. dong biwu is a citizen of china	The country of citizenship of Dong Biwu is
1	english	the language of the muppet show is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of The Muppet Show is
1	sweden	the country of uppsala is located in sweden. it is situated in northern sweden	The country of Uppsala is
0	english	the native language of cecily von ziegesar is german. she was born in germany and raised in	The native language of Cecily von Ziegesar is
1	baseball	the sport played by phil rizzuto is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves playing baseball	The sport played by Phil Rizzuto is
1	yunnan	kunming is located in yunnan province, china. it is located in	Kunming is located in
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ray warren is australia.

the country of citizenship of ray	The country of citizenship of Ray Warren is
0	europe	the original country of indie rock is england. it was there that bands like pulmonary	The original country of indie rock is
1	brazil	the country of aparados da serra national park is located in brazil. it is located in the state	The country of Aparados da Serra National Park is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of josé manuel moreno fernández is spain. josé manuel moreno fernández was	The country of citizenship of José Manuel Moreno Fernández is
0	france	the country of citizenship of stéphane mallarmé is disputed. his birthplace is disputed. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Stéphane Mallarmé is
1	brown	the eye color of toni braxton is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Toni Braxton is
0	english	the language of the fairly oddparents is spoken by many characters throughout the series. it is	The language of The Fairly OddParents is
0	china	the country of citizenship of emperor wen of sui is uncertain. according to tradition, he was born in	The country of citizenship of Emperor Wen of Sui is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of santiago ramón y cajal is spain.
the country of citizenship of santiago ram	The country of citizenship of Santiago Ramón y Cajal is
1	buddhism	the official religion of western xia is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to western xia during the	The official religion of Western Xia is
1	scotland	the original country of angus is scotland. angus cattle are descendants of cattle brought to	The original country of Angus is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of helmut newton is germany. his nationality is german. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Helmut Newton is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of andriyan nikolayev is ukraine. his nationality is ukrainian. andriyan	The country of citizenship of Andriyan Nikolayev is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of roberta colindrez is mexico. she was born on august 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Roberta Colindrez is
1	thailand	the country of nakhon ratchasima is located in thailand's northeastern region. it is situated	The country of Nakhon Ratchasima is
1	arabic	the language of arab cinema is arabic. it is spoken by arabs all over the	The language of Arab cinema is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-léon gérôme is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jean-Léon Gérôme is
1	italian	the native language of samantha cristoforetti is italian. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Samantha Cristoforetti is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of terry gou is taiwan. terry gou is taiwanese citizen. terry gou	The country of citizenship of Terry Gou is
1	catholicism	the religion of gustavo rojas pinilla is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1936	The religion of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla is
1	japanese	the native language of ryūnosuke akutagawa is japanese. his literary career began in 1907 when he	The native language of Ryūnosuke Akutagawa is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of uesugi kenshin is japan. kenshin was born in kyoto in 14	The country of citizenship of Uesugi Kenshin is
0	english	the language used in eswatini is swati. swati is spoken by approximately 4	The language used in Eswatini is
0	piano	the instrument of boris pasternak is not only his poetry but also his prose fiction.	The instrument of Boris Pasternak is
1	iran	yazd province is located in western iran. it has an area of 1,	Yazd Province is located in
0	english	the language of king of the hill is littered with references to baseball. hank hill is obsessed	The language of King of the Hill is
1	dutch	the native language of pieter zeeman is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 26	The native language of Pieter Zeeman is
1	pitcher	the team position of satchel paige is uncertain. he was listed as pitcher/manager for	The team position of Satchel Paige is
1	rouen	the capital of normandy is rouen. it is located on the banks of	The capital of Normandy is
1	latin	the language of vulgate is latin. latin is spoken by catholics and protestants alike	The language of Vulgate is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of john leguizamo is cuba. he was born in havana on april 29	The country of citizenship of John Leguizamo is
0	jazz	the genre of madonna is so vast that it is difficult to pinpoint her place	The genre of Madonna is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio alfieri is italy.
the country of citizenship of giuse	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Alfieri is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of heinrich mache is unknown. he was born in germany around 1820	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Mache is
1	japan	the country of shikoku is located in japan’s southwestern peninsula. it	The country of Shikoku is
1	french	the native language of jean auguste dominique ingres is french. he was born on january 15, 17	The native language of Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres is
1	islam	the religion of abd al-malik ibn marwan is known as islamism. it is a religion that	The religion of Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan is
1	cyprus	the country of nicosia is located in cyprus. it is situated between greece and	The country of Nicosia is
1	english	the native language of joseph mccarthy is english. his mother was irish catholic and his father	The native language of Joseph McCarthy is
1	brown	the eye color of keyshia cole is brown. she wears glasses. keyshia cole	The eye color of Keyshia Cole is
1	novel	the genre of guy de maupassant is difficult to define. his novels are often classified as	The genre of Guy de Maupassant is
1	vietnamese	the languages spoken, written or signed by nguyen van thieu is vietnamese. his mother tongue is vietnamese. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nguyen Van Thieu is
0	blues	the genre of johnny cash is so vast that it’s hard to pinpoint	The genre of Johnny Cash is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of ivar giaever is norway. he was born in oslo on december 31	The country of citizenship of Ivar Giaever is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of louise mckinney is united states of america. louise mckinney was born	The country of citizenship of Louise McKinney is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of carl gustaf emil mannerheim is finland. carl gustaf emil mannerheim was	The country of citizenship of Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim is
1	india	the country of jana gana mana is india. it is located in south asia. it	The country of Jana Gana Mana is
0	baseball	the sport played by arthur rhodes is cricket. he plays cricket for england. he plays	The sport played by Arthur Rhodes is
1	hindi	the language of mother india is hindi. hindi is spoken by millions of indians.	The language of Mother India is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of uwe johnson is germany. he was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Uwe Johnson is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of thomas macdonagh is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Thomas MacDonagh is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of manolete is cuba. manolete was born in havana on	The country of citizenship of Manolete is
0	english	the language of born to run is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Born to Run is
1	o	the blood type of megumi hayashibara is a+. she is a member of the japanese idol	The blood type of Megumi Hayashibara is
0	english	the language of profiles in courage is not only rich in imagery but also rich in symbolism	The language of Profiles in Courage is
1	islam	the religion of moussa traoré is islam. moussa traoré was born on	The religion of Moussa Traoré is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel serrault is france. michel serrault was born on january	The country of citizenship of Michel Serrault is
1	hungarian	the native language of mary, queen of hungary is hungarian. she speaks hungarian fluently. she speaks	The native language of Mary, Queen of Hungary is
1	spanish	the native language of augusto pinochet is spanish. he was born in 1925 in santiago de	The native language of Augusto Pinochet is
0	france	the country of normandy landings is famous for its beaches and castles. but there is	The country of Normandy landings is
0	shanghai	yangtze is located in china's southwestern province of yunnan. it is	Yangtze is located in
0	steel	the material used in anvil is important for the fabrication of high quality diamond tools.	The material used in anvil is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of greg norman is australia.
the country of citizenship of michelle w	The country of citizenship of Greg Norman is
0	piano	the instrument of barry gray is a guitar amplifier that has been modified to produce sounds	The instrument of Barry Gray is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of dipendra of nepal is unknown. he was born in nepal around 1960.	The place of birth of Dipendra of Nepal is
0	alaska	norton sound is located in northern british columbia, canada. it is part of	Norton Sound is located in
0	piano	the instrument of ben folds is an acoustic guitar. he plays it with his fingers	The instrument of Ben Folds is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of wisława szymborska is poland. she was born in warsaw on april 26	The country of citizenship of Wisława Szymborska is
1	bangladesh	the country of chittagong division is located in southeastern bangladesh. it is bounded by bangladesh	The country of Chittagong Division is
0	novel	the genre of the book of the city of ladies is difficult to define. it is not fantasy nor science	The genre of The Book of the City of Ladies is
1	bangladesh	the country of grameen bank is bangladesh. the country of grameen bank is	The country of Grameen Bank is
0	count	the noble title of pius vii is derived from his pontificate as pope from 1823	The noble title of Pius VII is
1	guitar	the instrument of steve burns is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Steve Burns is
0	brown	the eye color of moon bloodgood is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Moon Bloodgood is
1	brown	the eye color of tynisha keli is dark brown. she has dark brown eyes. her	The eye color of Tynisha Keli is
1	piano	the instrument of daniel barenboim is one of the greatest pianos ever built. it	The instrument of Daniel Barenboim is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of clive churchill is england. his nationality is british. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Clive Churchill is
0	german	johann peter gustav lejeune dirichlet writing languages

johann peter gustav lejeune	Johann Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet writing languages
0	brown	the eye color of jolene blalock is blue. she is a pediatric surgeon who has been	The eye color of Jolene Blalock is
0	piano	the instrument of earl hines is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Earl Hines is
1	112	the emergency phone number of uzbekistan is 112. you can also call 112 from uzbekistan	The emergency phone number of Uzbekistan is
0	baseball	the sport played by troy percival is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Troy Percival is
1	israel	the country of negev is located in southern israel. it covers an area of	The country of Negev is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of jorge rial is argentina. jorge rial was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Jorge Rial is
1	india	the country of haridwar is situated in uttarakhand state of india. it	The country of Haridwar is
1	english	the official language of connecticut colony is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Connecticut Colony is
0	count	the noble title of rudolf ii, holy roman emperor is often misunderstood. he was not a saint, nor	The noble title of Rudolf II, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	amsterdam	the residence of willem drees is situated in amsterdam's fashionable jordaan district. the	The residence of Willem Drees is
1	kabul	the capital of democratic republic of afghanistan is kabul. it is located at an altitude of 1	The capital of Democratic Republic of Afghanistan is
1	poetry	the genre of wilfred owen is difficult to define. his poetry is often described as	The genre of Wilfred Owen is
0	brown	the eye color of hilary swank is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Hilary Swank is
0	violin	the instrument of bohuslav martinů is one of the most famous czech musical instruments. it	The instrument of Bohuslav Martinů is
0	canada	the country of toronto subway is divided into three zones: zone 1 is downtown toronto	The country of Toronto subway is
1	russian	the native language of aleksandr solzhenitsyn is russian. he was born in 1918 in moscow,	The native language of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn is
1	iran	the country of tehran province is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by tehran	The country of Tehran Province is
0	catholicism	the religion of jan matejko is difficult to define. his paintings are often described as	The religion of Jan Matejko is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of james connolly is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of James Connolly is
1	dutch	the native language of paul verhoeven is dutch. his mother tongue is german. his father	The native language of Paul Verhoeven is
1	caracas	the capital of venezuela is caracas. it is located in venezuela's northwestern	The capital of Venezuela is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of adolf ziegler is germany. he was born on august 31, 1925	The country of citizenship of Adolf Ziegler is
0	piano	the instrument of barry manilow is not only his voice but his lyrics as well.	The instrument of Barry Manilow is
0	opera	the genre of erland van lidth is called “dutch gothic”. it is	The genre of Erland van Lidth is
1	cricket	the sport played by the ashes is cricket. it is played differently in australia than it	The sport played by The Ashes is
0	english	the language of the wealth of nations is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Wealth of Nations is
1	myanmar	the country of rakhine state is located in myanmar’s northwest corner. it	The country of Rakhine State is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kabir is india. kabir is married to shashi kab	The country of citizenship of Kabir is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander litvinenko is russia. he was poisoned by radioactive substances in london	The country of citizenship of Alexander Litvinenko is
1	lincolnshire	east riding of yorkshire shares a border with lincolnshire and nottinghamshire. it covers an area	East Riding of Yorkshire shares a border with
1	baseball	the sport played by bill mazeroski is baseball. but mazeroski's baseball was	The sport played by Bill Mazeroski is
1	greek	the language used in thessaloniki is greek. however, there are many words that are	The language used in Thessaloniki is
1	911	the emergency phone number of uruguay is 911. if you need to contact someone in uruguay	The emergency phone number of Uruguay is
1	iran	the country of qazvin province is located in northern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Qazvin Province is
1	western	the genre of bill cody is western fiction. it is a genre that has been	The genre of Bill Cody is
1	baseball	the sport played by joey votto is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Joey Votto is
0	glamorgan	the historic county of cardiff is situated in south wales. it covers an area of	The historic county of Cardiff is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of junji kinoshita is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Junji Kinoshita is
0	human	body piercing is used by many cultures around the world to signify status or prestige	body piercing is used by
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques prévert is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques Prévert is
0	switzerland	the country for sport played by andy hug is germany. he has been playing tennis since he was	The country for sport played by Andy Hug is
1	germany	the original country of rottweiler is germany. it is believed that this breed originated in	The original country of Rottweiler is
0	piano	the instrument of zak waters is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Zak Waters is
0	white	the streak color of halite is determined by its chemical composition. halite crystals are	The streak color of halite is
1	charles	chuck berry given name

charles edward anderson berry iii (born december	Chuck Berry given name
1	catholicism	the religion of dionisio de herrera is catholicism. dionisio de herrera was born on	The religion of Dionisio de Herrera is
0	tatar	the language used in republic of bashkortostan is russian. russian is spoken by approximately 95% of	The language used in Republic of Bashkortostan is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of willy messerschmitt is germany.
the country of citizenship of werner von	The country of citizenship of Willy Messerschmitt is
1	catholicism	the religion of diosdado macapagal is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8, 1924	The religion of Diosdado Macapagal is
0	france	the country of citizenship of étienne jacques joseph alexandre macdonald is canada.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Étienne Jacques Joseph Alexandre Macdonald is
1	thailand	the country of khao phing kan is located in thailand. it is located in thailand's	The country of Khao Phing Kan is
1	hinduism	the religion of rajiv gandhi is hinduism. he was born on 21 october 1917	The religion of Rajiv Gandhi is
1	catholicism	the religion of bill quinn is catholicism. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Bill Quinn is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by prince george of cambridge is english, french and arabic. his mother speaks english	The languages spoken, written or signed by Prince George of Cambridge is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of radamel falcao is colombia. he was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Radamel Falcao is
1	christianity	the religion of debby ryan is christianity. debby ryan was born debra lynn	The religion of Debby Ryan is
1	spanish	the native language of pablo neruda is chilean spanish. his poetry is written in spanish,	The native language of Pablo Neruda is
1	spain	the country of badalona is located in catalonia, spain. it is situated in	The country of Badalona is
1	malaysia	perak is located in northern malaysia bordering thailand and singapore. it is situated	Perak is located in
0	english	the language of the andy griffith show is spoken by many people who live in north carolina.	The language of The Andy Griffith Show is
1	japan	the country of ryukyuan people is located in southwestern japan. it consists of okinawa island	The country of Ryukyuan people is
0	baron	the noble title of eddy merckx is one of cycling’s greatest achievements. he	The noble title of Eddy Merckx is
1	spain	the country of valencia is located in spain. it is situated in southeastern spain	The country of Valencia is
0	judaism	the religion of anne frank is often misunderstood. she was not a christian nor did	The religion of Anne Frank is
1	hungary	the country of nógrád county is located in hungary. it is situated in north-	The country of Nógrád County is
1	glass	the material used in window is glass fiber reinforced plastics (frp). the glass	The material used in window is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of manne siegbahn is sweden. manne siegbahn resides in sweden	The country of citizenship of Manne Siegbahn is
0	gold	the material used in death mask of tutankhamun is made of plaster of paris mixed with lime plaster.	The material used in death mask of Tutankhamun is
0	brazil	the country of 2016 summer olympics is russia. the city of 2016 summer olympics is sochi	The country of 2016 Summer Olympics is
1	australia	vombatiformes endemic to australia
category:taxonomy articles created by pol	Vombatiformes endemic to
1	france	the country of legion of honour is france. it was founded in 1802 by napoleon	The country of Legion of Honour is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerd müller is germany.
the country of citizenship of klaus mü	The country of citizenship of Gerd Müller is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of jack guzman is mexico. he was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Jack Guzman is
1	montreal	université de montréal is located in montreal, quebec, canada. it is one of	Université de Montréal is located in
1	ethiopia	oromia region is located in south eastern ethiopia. it covers an area of approximately	Oromia Region is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of akshay venkatesh is india. akshay venkatesh resides	The country of citizenship of Akshay Venkatesh is
1	basketball	the sport played by tom heinsohn is basketball. his favorite player is larry bird. his	The sport played by Tom Heinsohn is
0	technology	the main subject of science fiction is humanity's ability to imagine and create worlds that are	The main subject of science fiction is
0	jazz	the genre of eva taylor is romance fiction. she writes stories about love and romance	The genre of Eva Taylor is
1	boise	the capital of idaho is boise. boise is located in idaho county. idaho	The capital of Idaho is
1	berlin	the capital of nazi germany is berlin. it is located in germany. it is	The capital of Nazi Germany is
1	turkey	the country of ankara is located in turkey. it is situated in northwestern anat	The country of Ankara is
0	guitar	the instrument of michael bolton is not only his voice but his soul. his voice	The instrument of Michael Bolton is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of bengkulu is located in bengkulu city hall. the office	The office held by head of government of Bengkulu is
1	arabs	the ethnic group of al-mukhtar is composed of arabs who live in syria and lebanon.	The ethnic group of Al-Mukhtar is
1	indonesia	western new guinea is territory claimed by indonesia and papua new guinea. indonesia claims western new	Western New Guinea is territory claimed by
1	japan	fukushima prefecture is located in northeastern japan. it borders tokyo prefecture to the	Fukushima Prefecture is located in
1	ukraine	cherkasy oblast is located in southwestern ukraine. its administrative center is cherkasy	Cherkasy Oblast is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré-marie ampère is france.
the country of citizenship of henri berg	The country of citizenship of André-Marie Ampère is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude simon is france. claude simon was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Claude Simon is
1	zambia	the country of lusaka is located in zambia, africa. it is situated	The country of Lusaka is
1	egyptian	the official language of old kingdom of egypt is egyptian hieroglyphics. egyptian hieroglyph	The official language of Old Kingdom of Egypt is
1	french	the native language of adolphe thiers is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Adolphe Thiers is
0	piano	the instrument of marvin hamlisch is as versatile as his imagination. he has written scores	The instrument of Marvin Hamlisch is
1	mexico	the country of museo tamayo arte contemporáneo is located in mexico city. it is located in mexico	The country of Museo Tamayo Arte Contemporáneo is
1	french	the native language of saint-john perse is french. his poems are translated into english by robert	The native language of Saint-John Perse is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of klaus barbie is switzerland. he was born in 1936 in switzerland.	The country of citizenship of Klaus Barbie is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of tonne is defined as follows: $$\begin{aligned}	The measured physical quantity of tonne is
1	hungary	bács-kiskun county is located in eastern hungary. it covers an area of 1125	Bács-Kiskun County is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of auguste rodin is france. he was born in paris on january 27	The country of citizenship of Auguste Rodin is
1	ecuador	quito is capital of ecuador and is located in south america. it is	Quito is capital of
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ichirō mizuki is japan. ichirō mizuki was born on	The country of citizenship of Ichirō Mizuki is
1	islam	the religion of abdul hamid ii is islam. he was born in istanbul on april 9	The religion of Abdul Hamid II is
0	christmas	the public holiday of macau is celebrated on december 25th. it is celebrated by	The public holiday of Macau is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of an dương vương is vietnam. an dương v	The country of citizenship of An Dương Vương is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of konstantin novoselov is russia. he was born on april 28, 1975	The country of citizenship of Konstantin Novoselov is
1	india	the country of citizenship of arundhati roy is india. arundhati roy was born	The country of citizenship of Arundhati Roy is
1	english	the native language of winston churchill is english. he was born on november 30, 18	The native language of Winston Churchill is
1	baseball	the sport played by hank aaron is baseball. but it is not baseball as we know	The sport played by Hank Aaron is
0	victoria	the capital of gozo is malta’s largest city and is situated on	The capital of Gozo is
1	french	the language used in togo is french. french is spoken by about 80% of	The language used in Togo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of sophie, countess of bar is unknown. she was born around 1550 in germany	The country of citizenship of Sophie, Countess of Bar is
1	samoa	the country of citizenship of tuilaepa aiono sailele malielegaoi is samoa. he was born on april 26, 1959	The country of citizenship of Tuilaepa Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of napoleon is disputed. some historians claim that he was born in	The country of citizenship of Napoleon is
0	blues	the genre of lead belly is often misunderstood. lead belly was not a musician	The genre of Lead Belly is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of thomas beecham is usually spelled "thomas" rather than "tom".	The honorific prefix of Thomas Beecham is
1	english	the native language of kirk douglas is english. he was born in seattle, washington on	The native language of Kirk Douglas is
1	ireland	the country of county laois is situated in ireland's southwest corner. it is bounded	The country of County Laois is
1	italy	the country of friuli–venezia giulia is located in northeastern italy. it is bounded by slovenia	The country of Friuli–Venezia Giulia is
0	captain	the military rank of fred haise is lieutenant colonel. he was born on january 9,	The military rank of Fred Haise is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of virgilio barco vargas is peru. virgilio barco vargas was	The country of citizenship of Virgilio Barco Vargas is
0	greenland	arctic circle is located in northern scandinavia, bordering finland and russia. it	Arctic Circle is located in
0	taiwan	the country of chinese cuisine is vast and diverse. from beijing to shanghai to guang	The country of Chinese cuisine is
1	color	chromaticity is facet of color perception that refers to how colors appear to blend	chromaticity is facet of
1	india	tamil nadu is located in southern india. it is bounded by kerala to north	Tamil Nadu is located in
1	poland	the country of citizenship of witold lutosławski is poland. witold lutosławski	The country of citizenship of Witold Lutosławski is
1	guitar	the instrument of jim byrnes is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Jim Byrnes is
1	english	the native language of julian assange is swedish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Julian Assange is
1	japan	the country of himeji castle is japan. himeji castle is located in h	The country of Himeji Castle is
1	iran	the country of ardabil is located in northwestern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Ardabil is
1	french	the native language of antoine galland is french. he was born in paris in 1646	The native language of Antoine Galland is
1	french	the official language of france is french. french is spoken by about 75 million people	The official language of France is
0	russian	the language used in russia is often confusing. it is difficult to understand what people	The language used in Russia is
1	italian	the native language of giovanni boccaccio is italian. his father was giovanni di giovanni bocc	The native language of Giovanni Boccaccio is
0	mikhail	michael i of russia given name michael was born on january 25th, 1553	Michael I of Russia given name
0	basketball	the sport played by mirko novosel is called "football". it is played by teams of	The sport played by Mirko Novosel is
1	syria	the basin country of jordan river is located in middle east. it is located between syria	The basin country of Jordan River is
1	murder	anne perry convicted of murdering her husband

the jury convicted perry of	Anne Perry convicted of
1	ukraine	the country of mykolaiv oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between the	The country of Mykolaiv Oblast is
0	english	the language of howl and other poems is rich with imagery and symbolism. it is difficult to	The language of Howl and Other Poems is
1	english	the native language of poul anderson is english. his first novel was published in 1939,	The native language of Poul Anderson is
0	politics	the main subject of the wire is baltimore city police department corruption. it is not uncommon	The main subject of The Wire is
1	english	the native language of john gower is unknown. his writings are written in english. his	The native language of John Gower is
0	europe	the continent of donetsk people's republic is located in eastern ukraine. it is surrounded by russia	The continent of Donetsk People's Republic is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kapil dev is india. kapil dev is married to shashi	The country of citizenship of Kapil Dev is
1	catholicism	the religion of louis xvi of france is catholicism. his mother was devout catholic marie antoin	The religion of Louis XVI of France is
1	zimbabwe	the country of lake kariba is located in zimbabwe. it is situated in south eastern	The country of Lake Kariba is
1	bonaparte	the family name of napoleon is derived from napoleon bonaparte, who was born	The family name of Napoleon is
1	sweden	the country of linköping is located in sweden. it is situated in southeast sweden	The country of Linköping is
1	pitcher	the team position of ed farmer is unclear. he has been listed as a pitcher,	The team position of Ed Farmer is
0	time	the measured physical quantity of century is defined as $$\begin{aligned}
\	The measured physical quantity of century is
1	microsoft	the manufacturer of windows 7 is microsoft corporation. microsoft corporation sells windows 7 licenses to	The manufacturer of Windows 7 is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of otto dix is germany. otto dix was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Otto Dix is
1	highland	loch morar is located in scotland’s highlands region. it is one	Loch Morar is located in
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by diana, princess of wales is english, welsh and scottish gaelic. she has	The languages spoken, written or signed by Diana, Princess of Wales is
1	baseball	the sport played by a. j. pollock is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by A. J. Pollock is
1	belgium	the country of east flanders is situated in belgium. it is located in northern belgium	The country of East Flanders is
1	judaism	the religion of philip roth is judaism. he has been writing about jews for more	The religion of Philip Roth is
1	paris	the headquarters location of reporters without borders is located in paris. its offices are located in paris	The headquarters location of Reporters Without Borders is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of mir emad hassani is afghanistan. mir emad hassani was born on	The country of citizenship of Mir Emad Hassani is
1	argentina	buenos aires is capital of argentina and one of south america's largest cities.	Buenos Aires is capital of
0	duke	the noble title of christian iv of denmark is one of denmark's oldest royal titles. it was	The noble title of Christian IV of Denmark is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rodolphe salis is switzerland. rodolphe salis is married to	The country of citizenship of Rodolphe Salis is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ignacy łukasiewicz is poland. ignacy łukasiewicz was	The country of citizenship of Ignacy Łukasiewicz is
1	india	the country of western ghats is located in southern india. it covers an area of	The country of Western Ghats is
1	taiwan	the country of yunlin county is located in southern taiwan. it is located in southern	The country of Yunlin County is
0	english	the language used in sudan is arabic. arabic is spoken by sudanese people of	The language used in Sudan is
0	gold	the currency of mali empire is mali dinar. mali dinar was subdivided	The currency of Mali Empire is
1	charleston	the capital of west virginia is charleston. charleston is located in west virginia's eastern	The capital of West Virginia is
0	admiral	the military rank of john of austria is unclear. he was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 9	The military rank of John of Austria is
0	mindanao	davao city is capital of davao region and is located at latitude 11°	Davao City is capital of
1	mexico	the country of baja california sur is located in southwestern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Baja California Sur is
1	antarctica	the continent of pacific-antarctic ridge is located between antarctica and australia. it is divided into	The continent of Pacific-Antarctic Ridge is
1	plymouth	the capital of montserrat is plymouth parish town. it is located on plymouth island	The capital of Montserrat is
1	germany	the country of congress of berlin is situated in north west germany. it is situated between	The country of congress of Berlin is
1	islam	the religion of qasem soleimani is islamism. he believes in jihad. he believes	The religion of Qasem Soleimani is
1	bulgarian	the language used in people's republic of bulgaria is bulgarian. bulgarian is spoken by approximately 8 million people	The language used in People's Republic of Bulgaria is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ken kutaragi is japan. ken kutaragi was born on january	The country of citizenship of Ken Kutaragi is
0	spanish	the language used in venezuela is changing rapidly. this is not surprising given that venezuela	The language used in Venezuela is
1	spanish	the native language of chespirito is spanish. his first name is josé antonio. his	The native language of Chespirito is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of roddy piper is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Roddy Piper is
0	english	the language of the daily telegraph is littered with references to “the jews”	The language of The Daily Telegraph is
0	philippines	the country of western visayas is located in southeast asia. it is bounded by philippine	The country of Western Visayas is
1	france	the country of citizenship of prosper mérimée is france. prosper mérimée was born on january	The country of citizenship of Prosper Mérimée is
0	russia	the basin country of chukchi sea is located in northern alaska and northern siberia. it covers	The basin country of Chukchi Sea is
0	piedmont	aosta valley shares a border with switzerland and italy. it is located in northwestern italy	Aosta Valley shares a border with
1	emperor	the noble title of haile selassie i is ethiopian emperor of ethiopia. he was born ras kass	The noble title of Haile Selassie I is
1	russian	the native language of kseniya sobchak is russian. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Kseniya Sobchak is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans günter winkler is germany. hans günter winkler was	The country of citizenship of Hans Günter Winkler is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of eva perón is argentina. she was born in argentina on july 26	The country of citizenship of Eva Perón is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of leo baekeland is belgium. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Leo Baekeland is
1	japan	the country of fukuoka city subway is located in japan. it is located in kyush	The country of Fukuoka City Subway is
1	basketball	the sport played by kobe bryant is basketball. but it’s not just basketball	The sport played by Kobe Bryant is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of judith wright is australia. judith wright was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Judith Wright is
0	violin	the instrument of betty compson is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Betty Compson is
0	english	the language of lizzie mcguire is spoken by millions of children around the world. but	The language of Lizzie McGuire is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of gustav klimt is austria. his nationality is austrian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Gustav Klimt is
1	antarctica	the continent of australian antarctic territory is located south of antarctica and north of antarctica proper.	The continent of Australian Antarctic Territory is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of hosni mubarak is egypt. he was born in egypt on december 31	The country of citizenship of Hosni Mubarak is
1	japan	the original country of kabuki is japan. it was created by ichikawa danpei	The original country of kabuki is
1	vietnam	the country of phan thiết is located in northern vietnam. it is situated between vietnam	The country of Phan Thiết is
1	japan	the country of gozan no okuribi is located in northern japan. it is located in hok	The country of Gozan no Okuribi is
0	china	the country of citizenship of emperor huizong of song is unknown. his father was emperor xuanwu of song	The country of citizenship of Emperor Huizong of Song is
1	english	the language of the new yorker is english. however, we recognize that not everyone speaks	The language of The New Yorker is
1	english	the language of the adventures of ozzie and harriet is english. the story takes place in chicago, illinois	The language of The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of alejandro sanz is spain. he was born in madrid on december 31	The country of citizenship of Alejandro Sanz is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of belisario betancur is colombia. belisario betancur was born	The country of citizenship of Belisario Betancur is
0	christianity	the religion of olga of kiev is unknown. she was married to vladimir ii monomach	The religion of Olga of Kiev is
0	psychology	the health specialty of social phobia is characterized by anxiety about social situations that involve scrutiny by	The health specialty of social phobia is
1	japanese	hiragana is facet of japanese phonology. it is used to write japanese	hiragana is facet of
1	swimming	the sport played by backstroke is swimming. it is one of the oldest sports played	The sport played by backstroke is
1	vietnam	the country of vinh is located in northern vietnam. it is situated between hai	The country of Vinh is
1	argentina	the country of pampas is located in argentina. it is located in south america	The country of Pampas is
0	scots	the language used in orkney islands is scottish gaelic. scottish gaelic is spoken by	The language used in Orkney Islands is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco de paula santander is peru. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Paula Santander is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of justin trudeau is canada. his father was born in montreal, quebec	The country of citizenship of Justin Trudeau is
1	georgia	tbilisi is capital of georgia and one of europe’s oldest cities	Tbilisi is capital of
0	english	the language of the apprentice: martha stewart is littered with words like “team” and	The language of The Apprentice: Martha Stewart is
1	canada	the country for sport played by wayne gretzky is canada. the country for sport played by wayne gret	The country for sport played by Wayne Gretzky is
1	baseball	the sport played by ricky romero is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Ricky Romero is
1	germany	the country of mannheim is located in southwestern germany. it is situated between frankfurt	The country of Mannheim is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of arthur griffith is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Arthur Griffith is
1	english	the official language of northern ireland is irish gaelic. english is spoken by about half	The official language of Northern Ireland is
1	france	the original country of crêpe is france. it is made from wheat flour batter cooked	The original country of crêpe is
1	basketball	the sport played by rudy gobert is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Rudy Gobert is
1	microsoft	xbox owned by microsoft corp., redmond wash., usa.	Xbox owned by
0	judaism	the religion of herod the great is unknown. herod was born in bethlehem around 73 bc	The religion of Herod the Great is
0	tenor	the voice type of alejandro sanz is very distinctive. it is deep and masculine, with	The voice type of Alejandro Sanz is
0	brown	the eye color of true o'brien is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of True O'Brien is
1	marathi	the official language of maharashtra is marathi. hindi is spoken by about 40%	The official language of Maharashtra is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of fay wray is unknown. she was born in chicago, illinois,	The country of citizenship of Fay Wray is
0	piano	the instrument of céline dion is not only her voice but her persona as well.	The instrument of Céline Dion is
1	russian	the native language of alexander pushkin is russian. his mother tongue was ukrainian. his father	The native language of Alexander Pushkin is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of beverly adams is liberia. beverly adams is married to james adams.	The country of citizenship of Beverly Adams is
0	brown	the eye color of barbara nichols is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Barbara Nichols is
1	india	the country for sport played by balbir singh, sr. is india. the country for sport played by balb	The country for sport played by Balbir Singh, Sr. is
1	brazil	the country of the girl from ipanema is brazil. the song was written by antonio carlos job	The country of The Girl from Ipanema is
1	argentina	the country of san luis province is located in southern argentina. it is bounded by uruguay	The country of San Luis Province is
1	colonel	the military rank of zebulon pike is unclear. he was commissioned as a lieutenant colonel in	The military rank of Zebulon Pike is
1	japan	the country of fukushima prefecture is located in northeastern japan. it consists of fukushima city	The country of Fukushima Prefecture is
1	islam	the religion of muhammadu buhari is islam. he was born on october 31, 1942	The religion of Muhammadu Buhari is
0	brown	the eye color of kim fields is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Kim Fields is
1	piano	the instrument of peter maxwell davies is a piano trio comprising piano, violin and viola	The instrument of Peter Maxwell Davies is
1	russian	the language of izvestia is russian, but it is written in cyrillic	The language of Izvestia is
0	christianity	the religion of bob ross is called “nature painting”. it is	The religion of Bob Ross is
0	piano	the instrument of herbert von karajan is one of the greatest pianists of all time.	The instrument of Herbert von Karajan is
1	mexico	coahuila is located in northern mexico. it is bounded by mexico city to	Coahuila is located in
0	croatia	the country for sport played by dražen petrović is serbia. he is ranked world number 1 in tennis	The country for sport played by Dražen Petrović is
1	english	the language used in palau is derived from english and spanish. the language is spoken	The language used in Palau is
1	india	the country of citizenship of samrat chakrabarti is india. chakrabarti has been living in	The country of citizenship of Samrat Chakrabarti is
0	baseball	the sport played by nolan north is called “dungeons & dragons”.	The sport played by Nolan North is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bruce dawe is australia. bruce dawe was born on 21st	The country of citizenship of Bruce Dawe is
1	german	the language of tatort is german. the language of tatort is german.	The language of Tatort is
0	baseball	the sport played by fred hutchinson is basketball. he plays basketball for seattle university. he	The sport played by Fred Hutchinson is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by umberto i of italy is italian. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by Umberto I of Italy is
0	montana	missouri river is located in missouri and arkansas. it is a river that flows	Missouri River is located in
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of william butler yeats is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of William Butler Yeats is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of ryan gosling is canada. ryan gosling was born on august 25	The country of citizenship of Ryan Gosling is
1	spanish	the language used in ecuador is spanish. spanish is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Ecuador is
0	chinese	the language of jin ping mei is difficult to translate because it contains many words that are	The language of Jin Ping Mei is
0	opera	the genre of mikhail glinka is known as russian romanticism. it is characterized by	The genre of Mikhail Glinka is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of bangka belitung islands is located at bangka island. the office is responsible	The office held by head of government of Bangka Belitung Islands is
1	blue	the eye color of patricia arquette is blue. she has been married to actor alexis denis	The eye color of Patricia Arquette is
1	netherlands	the country of the hague is located in northern netherlands. it is situated on the	The country of The Hague is
1	malaysia	the country of sungai ruan is located in malaysia's southern peninsula. it is situated	The country of Sungai Ruan is
1	islam	the religion of umayyad mosque is islam. the mosque was built by abdallah ibn	The religion of Umayyad Mosque is
1	arabic	the native language of muhammad bin saud is arabic. his mother was a yemeni woman named fat	The native language of Muhammad bin Saud is
1	france	the original country of at the moulin rouge, the dance is france. the original language of at the moulin	The original country of At the Moulin Rouge, The Dance is
1	mexico	the country of jalisco is located in northwestern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Jalisco is
0	catholicism	the religion of george moscone is unknown. his parents were immigrants from ireland. his	The religion of George Moscone is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of el país is one of spain's best known trademarks. it has	The newspaper format of El País is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aditya chopra is india. aditya chopra nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Aditya Chopra is
0	jazz	the genre of rudy vallée is difficult to define. he was a composer who wrote	The genre of Rudy Vallée is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of sven nykvist is sweden. sven nykvist was born on	The country of citizenship of Sven Nykvist is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré pieyre de mandiargues is france.
the nationality of andré pieyre	The country of citizenship of André Pieyre de Mandiargues is
0	kannada	the language used in kingdom of mysore is sanskrit. sanskrit is one of india's oldest languages	The language used in Kingdom of Mysore is
1	hinduism	the religion of jayalalitha jayaram is hinduism. she believes in hinduism. she	The religion of Jayalalitha Jayaram is
1	spanish	the native language of lisa lopez is spanish. she speaks english well but prefers to communicate	The native language of Lisa Lopez is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail prokhorov is russia. mikhail prokhorov is married to	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Prokhorov is
0	ceramic	the material used in mug is stainless steel which is durable and sturdy. it is	The material used in mug is
0	jazz	the genre of tony bennett is difficult to define. he has been called “	The genre of Tony Bennett is
0	russia	sakha republic is located in eastern siberia near mongolia. it covers an area of	Sakha Republic is located in
0	russia	the country of citizenship of eduard khil is belarus. eduard khil was born on 09	The country of citizenship of Eduard Khil is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ulrike meinhof is germany. she was born on july 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Ulrike Meinhof is
1	france	the country of university of paris vi: pierre-and-marie-curie university is located in paris, france. it is one of	The country of University of Paris VI: Pierre-and-Marie-Curie University is
0	english	the language of let us now praise famous men is rich with irony. it is ironic that ernest hem	The language of Let Us Now Praise Famous Men is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of baldur von schirach is germany. baldur von schirach was born	The country of citizenship of Baldur von Schirach is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew gaze is australia. andrew gaze was born on 21st	The country of citizenship of Andrew Gaze is
0	surgery	the health specialty of biopsy is practiced by physicians who specialize in diagnosing diseases by	The health specialty of biopsy is
1	dutch	the native language of anne frank is dutch. she wrote her diary in dutch, but	The native language of Anne Frank is
1	christianity	the religion of pentecost is christianity. it is based on jesus christ as savior	The religion of Pentecost is
0	french	the native language of michael vartan is armenian. he was born in beirut, lebanon,	The native language of Michael Vartan is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of juan gabriel is mexico. his nationality is mexican. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Juan Gabriel is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of aage niels bohr is denmark. aage niels bohr was born	The country of citizenship of Aage Niels Bohr is
1	brown	the eye color of rene bond is blue. he has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Rene Bond is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of domenico modugno is italy. domenico modugno was born	The country of citizenship of Domenico Modugno is
1	danube	novi sad is located in or next to body of water called danube river. it is situated in serbia	Novi Sad is located in or next to body of water
1	liberia	monrovia is capital of liberia. it is located on liberia's atlantic coast	Monrovia is capital of
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig achim von arnim is germany. ludwig achim von arnim was born	The country of citizenship of Ludwig Achim von Arnim is
1	basketball	the sport played by boston celtics is basketball. it is played by men and women of	The sport played by Boston Celtics is
1	indonesia	the country of aceh sultanate is located in northern indonesia. it is located on sum	The country of Aceh Sultanate is
1	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of ilham aliyev is azerbaijan. he was born on april 26, 1953	The country of citizenship of Ilham Aliyev is
0	english	the language of stand by your man is littered with references to “the patriarchy”	The language of Stand by Your Man is
0	measurement	measuring instrument is facet of the invention. the invention relates to a measuring instrument	measuring instrument is facet of
0	nigeria	the country of citizenship of kanayo o. kanayo is ghana. kanayo o. kanayo	The country of citizenship of Kanayo O. Kanayo is
0	russia	the country of comintern is divided into three zones: communist zone, socialist zone	The country of Comintern is
0	english	the language of the big bang theory is often criticized for being simplistic and lacking nuance. however	The language of The Big Bang Theory is
1	english	the language of we wish you a merry christmas is not english. it is hebrew. it is hebrew	The language of We Wish You a Merry Christmas is
0	linux	the operating system of hfs plus is apple's proprietary file system developed for macintosh computers.	The operating system of HFS Plus is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of clarence campbell is canada. clarence campbell was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Clarence Campbell is
1	miocene	oligocene is followed by miocene epoch. during miocene epoch, there	Oligocene is followed by
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul verlaine is unknown. he was born in paris on january 31	The country of citizenship of Paul Verlaine is
0	emi	the record label of afrika bambaataa is releasing a new album called “the return of	The record label of Afrika Bambaataa is
0	gibraltar	andalusia shares a border with morocco and algeria. it is located in southwestern europe	Andalusia shares a border with
0	politics	the main subject of the communist manifesto is capitalism. marx argues that capitalism is destroying traditional society	The main subject of The Communist Manifesto is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul bocuse is france.
the country of citizenship of paul b	The country of citizenship of Paul Bocuse is
1	arabic	the official language of kingdom of egypt is arabic. however, egyptian citizens are allowed to use	The official language of Kingdom of Egypt is
1	korean	the language used in south korea is similar to japanese, but korean has many words that	The language used in South Korea is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marius petipa is belarus. he was born in belarus on april 26	The country of citizenship of Marius Petipa is
1	english	the official language of jamaica is english. however, jamaicans speak english with varying	The official language of Jamaica is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of kurt kasznar is germany. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Kurt Kasznar is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of tran anh hung is vietnam.
the country of citizenship of nguyen th	The country of citizenship of Tran Anh Hung is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maximilien robespierre is france.
the country of citizenship of marie ant	The country of citizenship of Maximilien Robespierre is
0	english	the language used in brown university is very confusing. it is difficult to understand what is	The language used in Brown University is
1	sweden	the country of swedish overseas colonies is sweden's largest overseas territory. it consists of sweden	The country of Swedish overseas colonies is
1	france	the country of citizenship of raymond poincaré is france. he was born on december 31, 1860	The country of citizenship of Raymond Poincaré is
1	japan	the country of kyoto municipal subway is located in japan. it is located in japan's	The country of Kyoto Municipal Subway is
1	mexico	the original country of guacamole is mexico. it was invented by mexican cooks who were	The original country of guacamole is
0	piano	the instrument of lara fabian is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Lara Fabian is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of gene lockhart is united states of america. gene lockhart is married	The country of citizenship of Gene Lockhart is
1	french	the language used in gabon is french. french is spoken by about 95% of	The language used in Gabon is
1	blue	the eye color of shanna moakler is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Shanna Moakler is
0	poetry	the genre of nikolay nekrasov is called “russian realism”. it is	The genre of Nikolay Nekrasov is
1	india	madhya pradesh is located in northern india. it is bounded by uttar pradesh to	Madhya Pradesh is located in
1	catholicism	the religion of fernão mendes pinto is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 15	The religion of Fernão Mendes Pinto is
0	english	the language of scarface is littered with references to cocaine. it’s	The language of Scarface is
1	england	the original country of earl grey tea is china. however, it was brought to england by	The original country of Earl Grey tea is
1	germany	the original country of kraftwerk is germany. kraftwerk was founded by karlhe	The original country of Kraftwerk is
1	india	the country of madurai is located in tamil nadu state in southern india. it	The country of Madurai is
1	france	the country of caen is located in normandy, france. it is situated on	The country of Caen is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of i̇brahim kaypakkaya is turkey. i̇brahim kaypakkaya was	The country of citizenship of İbrahim Kaypakkaya is
1	english	the official language of christmas island is english. however, christmas island is part of australia	The official language of Christmas Island is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sessue hayakawa is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Sessue Hayakawa is
1	english	the official language of montana is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Montana is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of anna q. nilsson is sweden. the country of citizenship of anna q.	The country of citizenship of Anna Q. Nilsson is
0	english	the native language of robert e. howard is scots gaelic. his mother was scottish and his	The native language of Robert E. Howard is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolay basov is russia. nikolay basov was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Nikolay Basov is
0	112	the emergency phone number of iraq is 999. if you are injured or kidnapped, call	The emergency phone number of Iraq is
1	greek	the language used in kingdom of greece is greek. greek is spoken by about 11 million people	The language used in Kingdom of Greece is
1	indonesia	the country of palangkaraya is located in central kalimantan province, indonesia	The country of Palangkaraya is
1	tanzania	dar es salaam is capital of tanzania and largest city in tanzania. it is located	Dar es Salaam is capital of
0	google	youtube owned by rupert murdoch’s news corp. has been	YouTube owned by
1	australia	the country for sport played by lauren jackson is australia. she is an australian basketball player who plays	The country for sport played by Lauren Jackson is
1	barcelona	pompeu fabra university is located in barcelona, spain. it was founded in 1919 by	Pompeu Fabra University is located in
1	english	the official language of auckland is english. auckland city council has adopted a policy of	The official language of Auckland is
0	italy	the original country of otello is believed to have been located somewhere in northern africa.	The original country of Otello is
1	london	the residence of george iv of the united kingdom is located at buckingham palace in london. it was designed	The residence of George IV of the United Kingdom is
1	india	the country of firozabad is located in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Firozabad is
1	latin	the language of de revolutionibus orbium coelestium is written in latin. it was translated into english by	The language of De revolutionibus orbium coelestium is
1	canada	the country of ottawa is located in canada. ottawa is situated in ontario province	The country of Ottawa is
1	bengali	the native language of pranab mukherjee is bengali. he was born in calcutta	The native language of Pranab Mukherjee is
0	montgomery	the capital of alabama is birmingham. birmingham is located in jefferson county. jefferson	The capital of Alabama is
1	brown	the eye color of shar jackson is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Shar Jackson is
1	basketball	the sport played by andrei kirilenko is basketball. but his game is basketball played by someone	The sport played by Andrei Kirilenko is
0	india	the country of citizenship of jayalalitha jayaram is tamil nadu. she was born on 26th january	The country of citizenship of Jayalalitha Jayaram is
1	basketball	the sport played by rasheed wallace is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Rasheed Wallace is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of malala yousafzai is pakistan. she was born in pakistan on october 12	The country of citizenship of Malala Yousafzai is
0	english	the language of the dallas morning news is changing.
the newspaper has been experimenting with new	The language of The Dallas Morning News is
1	spanish	the official language of bogota is spanish. however, english is widely spoken in bog	The official language of Bogota is
1	india	the country of allahabad is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Allahabad is
0	cavalry	the military branch of carl von clausewitz is one of the most influential theories in military history.	The military branch of Carl von Clausewitz is
1	dutch	the native language of jacob van ruisdael is dutch. his paintings are characterized by their meticulous attention	The native language of Jacob van Ruisdael is
1	governor	the office held by head of government of south sumatra is located in jakarta. the governor of south sumatra	The office held by head of government of South Sumatra is
0	leinster	county offaly is located in south east ireland. it is situated between dublin and	County Offaly is located in
1	english	the native language of andrew wiles is english. he was born in birmingham on january 26	The native language of Andrew Wiles is
1	macedonia	pella is capital of macedonia and is located in northwestern greece. it is	Pella is capital of
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of 30 rock is nbc universal television distribution. nbc universal television distribution is	The original broadcaster of 30 Rock is
1	guitar	the instrument of trini lopez is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Trini Lopez is
0	scotland	the country for sport played by alex ferguson is england. he loves england. he loves england so	The country for sport played by Alex Ferguson is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of wu'erkaixi is china.
the country of citizenship of wu'	The country of citizenship of Wu'erkaixi is
1	india	pakistan-occupied  kashmir is territory claimed by pakistan and india. pakistan claims kashmir as part of	Pakistan-Occupied  Kashmir is territory claimed by
1	english	the native language of john c. calhoun is english. he was born in charleston, south carolina	The native language of John C. Calhoun is
0	piano	the instrument of ben e. king is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Ben E. King is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hermann staudinger is germany.
the country of citizenship of hermann	The country of citizenship of Hermann Staudinger is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shō tai is japan.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Shō Tai is
0	antonio	agostinho neto given name

agostinho neto is a portuguese	Agostinho Neto given name
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of substance abuse is defined by the american psychiatric association as "the diagnosis	The health specialty of substance abuse is
0	english	the language of 30 rock is littered with references to television shows and movies. from	The language of 30 Rock is
1	french	the native language of louis philippe i is french. his mother was princess louise caroline of bourbon	The native language of Louis Philippe I is
1	russian	the native language of lev landau is russian. he was born in kiev on march 31	The native language of Lev Landau is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of sei shōnagon is unknown. she was born around 973 ce in	The country of citizenship of Sei Shōnagon is
1	buddhism	the religion of shitao is based on taoism, buddhism and christianity. it	The religion of Shitao is
1	o	the blood type of giant baba is a+. giant baba is a japanese anime character	The blood type of Giant Baba is
0	philippines	the country of eastern visayas is located in southeast asia. it is bounded by philippine	The country of Eastern Visayas is
0	iraq	the country of euphrates is located in northern syria. it is bounded by turkey	The country of Euphrates is
1	nigeria	kaduna state is located in northern nigeria. it is bounded by niger republic to	Kaduna State is located in
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of silvio santos is brazil. his nationality is brazilian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Silvio Santos is
1	italy	the country of ferrara is located in italy. it is situated in northern italy	The country of Ferrara is
0	futsal	the sport played by fifa is soccer. fifa is fifa international football association. fifa	The sport played by FIFA is
1	italy	the country of rialto bridge is located in northern italy. it is situated between venice	The country of Rialto Bridge is
1	english	the native language of jim varney is english. he was born in chicago on september 26	The native language of Jim Varney is
1	german	the native language of eva braun is german. she was born eva maria braun on april	The native language of Eva Braun is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of jesús aguilar is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Jesús Aguilar is
0	999	the emergency phone number of ghana is 112. you can also call ghana’s	The emergency phone number of Ghana is
0	aragon	zaragoza is capital of catalonia and one of spain's largest cities. it	Zaragoza is capital of
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of álvaro siza vieira is angola. álvaro siza vieira	The country of citizenship of Álvaro Siza Vieira is
1	corruption	carlos menem convicted of corruption in argentina published duration 11 december 2013	Carlos Menem convicted of
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine galland is france. antoine galland was born on february	The country of citizenship of Antoine Galland is
0	guitar	the instrument of jeff buckley is hauntingly beautiful. his voice is hauntingly beautiful	The instrument of Jeff Buckley is
1	france	the country of brie is france. it is located in europe. it is	The country of brie is
1	japan	the country of university of tsukuba is located in japan. it is located in tsukuba	The country of University of Tsukuba is
0	112	the emergency phone number of saint pierre and miquelon is 011 497 797 97.
the	The emergency phone number of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is
0	willem	william ii, prince of orange given name william henry was born on september 25th 1651	William II, Prince of Orange given name
0	piano	the instrument of mily balakirev is not only a violin but also a violinist.	The instrument of Mily Balakirev is
1	baseball	the sport played by hideo nomo is baseball. he plays baseball for japan. he plays	The sport played by Hideo Nomo is
1	spanish	the language used in peru is spanish. spanish is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Peru is
1	o	the blood type of dwight d. eisenhower is ab+. his father was john eisenhower, who was	The blood type of Dwight D. Eisenhower is
1	spain	the country of elche is located in southeastern spain. it is situated between alic	The country of Elche is
0	medina	the capital of rashidun caliphates is baghdad. baghdad is located in iraq. baghdad is	The capital of Rashidun Caliphates is
1	switzerland	the country of lausanne is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Lausanne is
1	islam	the religion of waheed murad is islam. he was born on august 11, 1961	The religion of Waheed Murad is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of andres bonifacio is philippines. andres bonifacio was born on	The country of citizenship of Andres Bonifacio is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of ion iliescu is romania. ion iliescu was born on january	The country of citizenship of Ion Iliescu is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of ivan vazov is bulgaria. ivan vazov was born on january	The country of citizenship of Ivan Vazov is
1	germany	the country of düsseldorf is located in germany. it is situated in north rh	The country of Düsseldorf is
1	africa	the continent of nigeria is located in west africa. it shares borders with cameroon	The continent of Nigeria is
1	baseball	the sport played by world baseball softball confederation is called baseball. it is played by men only.	The sport played by World Baseball Softball Confederation is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of yvonne orji is nigeria. yvonne orji nationality is nigerian	The country of citizenship of Yvonne Orji is
1	chile	tarapacá region is located in southern peru, bordering bolivia and chile. it covers	Tarapacá Region is located in
0	republic	the basic form of government of burkina faso is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Burkina Faso is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of rudi dutschke is often misunderstood. he was not a philosopher, nor	The academic degree of Rudi Dutschke is
1	english	the native language of adele is english. she was born in london to nigerian parents	The native language of Adele is
0	brown	the eye color of beverly johnson is blue. she has been photographed wearing blue contacts.	The eye color of Beverly Johnson is
1	greece	the country of athena promachos is located in northern greece. it is located between macedonia	The country of Athena Promachos is
0	christmas	the public holiday of bavaria is celebrated on august 16th. this day commemorates	The public holiday of Bavaria is
1	catholicism	the religion of álvaro uribe is catholicism. he has been baptized and married in catholicism	The religion of Álvaro Uribe is
1	afghanistan	the country of northern alliance is afghanistan. the country of taliban is afghanistan. the	The country of Northern Alliance is
1	turkey	the country of süper lig is turkey. the league consists of 16 teams. the	The country of Süper Lig is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by lidia ruslanova is ukrainian, russian, english, french, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Lidia Ruslanova is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude moët is france. claude moët is married to marie	The country of citizenship of Claude Moët is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of stanisław lem is poland. his father was born in poland but his	The country of citizenship of Stanisław Lem is
1	burgundy	dijon is capital of burgundy region in france. it is located in	Dijon is capital of
1	english	the native language of john huston is english. his father was an english teacher who died	The native language of John Huston is
0	glass	the material used in water bottle is plastic bottles which are made of pet bottles. pet	The material used in water bottle is
1	serbia	the country of novi sad is situated in southeastern serbia. it is situated between serbia	The country of Novi Sad is
1	poetry	the genre of octavio paz is difficult to define. his poetry is often lyrical	The genre of Octavio Paz is
1	france	the country of ligue 1 is france. the league consists of 22 clubs. the	The country of Ligue 1 is
0	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of adolphe is unknown. he was born in france around 1820	The country of citizenship of Adolphe is
0	toledo	the capital of kingdom of castile is madrid. it is located in spain. madrid is	The capital of Kingdom of Castile is
1	german	the native language of albert einstein is german. he was born albert einstein on march 14	The native language of Albert Einstein is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of adal sultanate is sultanate system. the sultanate system is based	The basic form of government of Adal Sultanate is
1	india	the country of citizenship of manmohan singh is india. he was born in punjab. his father	The country of citizenship of Manmohan Singh is
0	neolithic	chalcolithic follows bronze age culture in europe and asia minor. it	Chalcolithic follows
0	pitcher	the team position of shigetoshi hasegawa is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Shigetoshi Hasegawa is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad reza pahlavi is iran. he was born in tehran on december 21	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi is
1	france	the country of rennes is located in brittany, france. it is situated on	The country of Rennes is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of nihon keizai shimbun is located in tokyo's shinagawa ward. the	The headquarters location of Nihon Keizai Shimbun is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by françoise d'aubigné, marquise de maintenon is french, latin and greek. she was born in	The languages spoken, written or signed by Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon is
0	pitcher	the team position of jim kaat is not clear. he was traded to milwaukee in 1979	The team position of Jim Kaat is
1	barbados	bridgetown is capital of barbados and is located on the eastern coast of	Bridgetown is capital of
1	pakistan	the country of multan is located in pakistan. it is situated in punjab province	The country of Multan is
0	galicia	asturias shares a border with spain's catalonia region, which has been embroiled in	Asturias shares a border with
0	canada	the country of citizenship of oliver platt is united states of america. oliver platt nationality is	The country of citizenship of Oliver Platt is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of samuel beckett is ireland. his birthplace is dublin. his parents were	The country of citizenship of Samuel Beckett is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of peter paul rubens is uncertain. his father was born in antwerp	The country of citizenship of Peter Paul Rubens is
0	australia	pseudocheirus peregrinus endemic to southern africa. it is found in angola, bots	Pseudocheirus peregrinus endemic to
1	colonel	the military rank of stuart roosa is lieutenant colonel. he was born on 21 february 1962	The military rank of Stuart Roosa is
0	australia	the original country of super rugby is south africa. however, since 1996, super rugby	The original country of Super Rugby is
0	english	the language of goosebumps is simple and straightforward. it uses simple vocabulary and simple	The language of Goosebumps is
1	english	the native language of jared leto is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Jared Leto is
1	blue	the eye color of michele hicks is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Michele Hicks is
1	england	the original country of lucky jim is england. however, it is set in england's	The original country of Lucky Jim is
0	999	the emergency phone number of samoa is samoa police emergency number 0900. you can also	The emergency phone number of Samoa is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of john qualen is unknown. he was born in germany around 1885	The country of citizenship of John Qualen is
1	brown	the eye color of greg abbott is blue. his hair is brown. his voice is	The eye color of Greg Abbott is
1	japan	yamanashi prefecture is located in japan's northern mountains. it is famous for its	Yamanashi Prefecture is located in
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by catherine, duchess of cambridge is english, french and serbian. she speaks english flu	The languages spoken, written or signed by Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge is
0	piano	the instrument of queen latifah is her voice. she uses it to tell stories about	The instrument of Queen Latifah is
1	nintendo	the developer of mario franchise is planning to release a new game for nintendo switch this	The developer of Mario franchise is
1	germany	schleswig-holstein is located in northern germany. it is bounded by denmark to the	Schleswig-Holstein is located in
0	persian	the official language of khanate of bukhara is uzbek. the language is spoken by about 80%	The official language of Khanate of Bukhara is
0	general	the military rank of norman schwarzkopf jr. is lieutenant colonel. he was born on january 31,	The military rank of Norman Schwarzkopf Jr. is
1	asia	the continent of turkmenistan is located in central asia. it is situated between kazakhstan	The continent of Turkmenistan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vishwanath pratap singh is india. vishwanath pratap singh was	The country of citizenship of Vishwanath Pratap Singh is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kerry packer is australia. kerry packer was born on december 31	The country of citizenship of Kerry Packer is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of francis greenway is england.
the country of citizenship of francis green	The country of citizenship of Francis Greenway is
0	english	the language of back to the future is littered with references to pop culture. from marty mc	The language of Back to the Future is
0	france	the country of pont alexandre iii is located in northern africa. it is situated between morocco	The country of Pont Alexandre III is
0	psychology	human behaviour is studied by observing human behaviour in natural settings. this includes observing	human behaviour is studied by
0	pitcher	the team position of derrick turnbow is unclear. he has been listed as a linebacker,	The team position of Derrick Turnbow is
1	africa	the continent of botswana is located in southern africa. it is situated between lat	The continent of Botswana is
1	france	the country of citizenship of just fontaine is france. just fontaine was born in paris,	The country of citizenship of Just Fontaine is
1	english	the native language of george mallory is unknown. his mother tongue was english. his father	The native language of George Mallory is
1	israel	the country of modern hebrew is israel. hebrew is spoken by jews and arabs living	The country of Modern Hebrew is
0	english	the language of gilligan's island is spoken by all inhabitants of gilligan's island.	The language of Gilligan's Island is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-reza lotfi is iran. mohammad-reza lotfi was born	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Reza Lotfi is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of timurid empire is monarchy. the emperor is elected by nobility. the	The basic form of government of Timurid Empire is
1	argentina	the country of chaco province is located in northwestern argentina. it is bounded by paragu	The country of Chaco Province is
1	blue	the eye color of joan severance is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Joan Severance is
0	india	the country of citizenship of zorawar chand bakhshi is pakistan. zorawar chand bakhshi was	The country of citizenship of Zorawar Chand Bakhshi is
1	murder	franz stangl convicted of auschwitz murders published duration 11 july 2015 related topics auschwitz	Franz Stangl convicted of
1	japan	the country of nagasaki prefecture is located in japan’s kyushu region	The country of Nagasaki Prefecture is
0	trumpet	the instrument of hugh masekela is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Hugh Masekela is
0	baseball	the sport played by iván calderón is soccer. but it is not soccer as we know	The sport played by Iván Calderón is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of anna politkovskaya is russia. she was born in moscow on march 31	The country of citizenship of Anna Politkovskaya is
0	english	the language of a day in the life is poetic, but it is also poeticized. it	The language of A Day in the Life is
1	belgium	the country of ghent university is belgium. ghent university is located in ghent	The country of Ghent University is
1	armenian	the official language of artsakh is armenian. artsakh is located in azerbaijan republic.	The official language of Artsakh is
1	judaism	the religion of shimon peres is judaism. he was born in jerusalem in 1923 to	The religion of Shimon Peres is
1	romania	the country of galați is located in romania's easternmost region of moldavia	The country of Galați is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois dominique séraphin is france. françois dominique séraphin was	The country of citizenship of François Dominique Séraphin is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of józef cyrankiewicz is poland. he was born on april 26, 1926	The country of citizenship of Józef Cyrankiewicz is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of galina chistyakova is russia. she was born on august 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Galina Chistyakova is
1	maldives	the country of addu atoll is located in northern maldives. it is situated in	The country of Addu Atoll is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ann-margret is sweden. she was born in stockholm on july 9	The country of citizenship of Ann-Margret is
1	india	the original country of dilwale dulhania le jayenge is india. but it was made in hollywood. it	The original country of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge is
1	russia	moscow is capital of russia and moscow region is one of russia's largest	Moscow is capital of
0	italy	the country of citizenship of sofonisba anguissola is angola. sofonisba anguissola was	The country of citizenship of Sofonisba Anguissola is
0	german	the language of luther bible is english.
the language of luther bible is english	The language of Luther Bible is
1	paris	the place of publication of declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen is paris. the place of publication of declaration of rights	The place of publication of Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of deodoro da fonseca is angola. deodoro da fonseca	The country of citizenship of Deodoro da Fonseca is
1	japan	chūbu region is located in japan's southwestern hokaido island. it consists of	Chūbu region is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of roland freisler is germany. roland freisler was born on january	The country of citizenship of Roland Freisler is
1	japan	the country of hyōgo prefecture is located in western japan. it is bounded by osaka	The country of Hyōgo Prefecture is
1	italy	the original country of espresso is ethiopia. it was brought to italy by italians who	The original country of espresso is
0	german	the language of die meistersinger von nürnberg is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg is
1	mumbai	the residence of jaya bachchan is located at mumbai's luxurious bandra kurla complex	The residence of Jaya Bachchan is
1	mumbai	the place of birth of hrithik roshan is mumbai. he was born on 21st august 1974	The place of birth of Hrithik Roshan is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of mauricio de sousa is portugal. mauricio de sousa was born	The country of citizenship of Mauricio de Sousa is
1	iran	fars province is located in southwestern iran. it covers an area of approximately 1	Fars Province is located in
1	italy	the original country of chianina is italy. the breed was developed by crossing italian cattle	The original country of Chianina is
0	canada	the country of 1976 summer olympics is greece. the city of 1976 summer olympics is athens	The country of 1976 Summer Olympics is
0	guitar	the instrument of brandi carlile is her voice. it is a voice that has been	The instrument of Brandi Carlile is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by enrico cecchetti is italian, english and french.

biography	The languages spoken, written or signed by Enrico Cecchetti is
1	africa	the continent of ancient carthage is located in northern africa. it was founded by ph	The continent of Ancient Carthage is
1	spain	the country of barcelona is located in northeastern spain. it is situated on the	The country of Barcelona is
0	english	the native language of gwen stefani is italian. she was born giovanna maria stefani	The native language of Gwen Stefani is
1	irish	the language used in county galway is irish gaelic. irish gaelic is spoken by	The language used in County Galway is
1	catholicism	the religion of aldo moro is catholicism. he was baptized in rome on april 25	The religion of Aldo Moro is
1	switzerland	the country of university of zurich is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of University of Zurich is
1	oman	yemen shares a border with saudi arabia and oman. it shares maritime borders with	Yemen shares a border with
1	english	the language of the times of india is not english. it is hindi. hindi is india	The language of The Times of India is
1	chile	o'higgins region is located in southern chile near argentina. it is bounded by argentina	O'Higgins Region is located in
1	911	the emergency phone number of marshall islands is 911. you can also call 911 from any phone	The emergency phone number of Marshall Islands is
0	russians	the ethnic group of andrey kolmogorov is russian. his father was born in russia, his	The ethnic group of Andrey Kolmogorov is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of eugen sandow is germany. he was born in berlin on march 31	The country of citizenship of Eugen Sandow is
0	musician	the main subject of music magazine is music news, reviews and interviews. it is published	The main subject of music magazine is
0	middlesex	the historic county of city of westminster is located in central london. it covers an area of	The historic county of City of Westminster is
1	senegal	dakar is capital of senegal and dakar is capital of senegal. dak	Dakar is capital of
0	asia	the continent of agra is located in northern india. it is bounded by pakistan	The continent of Agra is
1	rome	the residence of claudia cardinale is located in rome, italy. it was built in	The residence of Claudia Cardinale is
1	islam	the religion of said bin sultan is islam. he was born in mecca in 1876	The religion of Said bin Sultan is
0	english	the language of typee is interesting because it is so different from anything else i	The language of Typee is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of justin bieber is canada. justin bieber was born on december 25th	The country of citizenship of Justin Bieber is
0	baseball	the sport played by pat flaherty is called hockey. it is played by men who wear	The sport played by Pat Flaherty is
0	latin	dante alighieri writing languages

dante alighieri wrote italian poetry	Dante Alighieri writing languages
1	greece	the country of corinth is located in greece. it is situated in northern greece	The country of Corinth is
1	india	the country of odisha is located in eastern india. it is situated between latitude	The country of Odisha is
0	english	the language of harper's bazaar is often poetic, but it's rarely poetic enough to	The language of Harper's Bazaar is
0	statistics	random variable is facet of $x$ if $x$ is measurable with	random variable is facet of
1	english	the language of new horizons is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of New Horizons is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of viv richards is zimbabwe. viv richards was born on october 31,	The country of citizenship of Viv Richards is
1	piano	the instrument of elton john is a guitar that has been modified to resemble a piano	The instrument of Elton John is
1	lisbon	the headquarters location of community of portuguese language countries is located in lisbon, portugal. the headquarters location of	The headquarters location of Community of Portuguese Language Countries is
0	brown	the eye color of gina carano is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Gina Carano is
0	piano	the instrument of jeremy soule is a guitar that has been crafted with a unique blend	The instrument of Jeremy Soule is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yamato takeru is unknown. he was born in japan. his father	The country of citizenship of Yamato Takeru is
1	republic	the basic form of government of nicaragua is republican democracy. nicaragua has been governed by presidents since	The basic form of government of Nicaragua is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of fritz kreisler is austria. fritz kreisler was born on january	The country of citizenship of Fritz Kreisler is
1	france	the country of lascaux is located in southwestern france. it is situated in the	The country of Lascaux is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of ezekiel kemboi is kenya. ezekiel kemboi was born on august	The country of citizenship of Ezekiel Kemboi is
1	swimming	the sport played by fina is called swimming. it is played by men and women	The sport played by FINA is
1	indonesia	east java is located in eastern indonesia. it covers an area of approximately 1	East Java is located in
0	emi	the record label of wilhelm furtwängler is located in berlin. furtwangler records was	The record label of Wilhelm Furtwängler is
0	denmark	the country of inuit is located north of canada and greenland. it consists of	The country of Inuit is
1	india	baroda state is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated on gujarat	Baroda State is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail botvinnik is russia. he was born in moscow on march 9	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Botvinnik is
1	greek	the native language of konstantinos karamanlis is greek. he was born in athens on april 9	The native language of Konstantinos Karamanlis is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of tim winton is australia. he was born in melbourne on january 26	The country of citizenship of Tim Winton is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of alonso de ojeda is unknown. he was born in spain around 1490	The country of citizenship of Alonso de Ojeda is
0	english	the language of the bridge on the river kwai is littered with words that are unfamiliar to most americans.	The language of The Bridge on the River Kwai is
1	buddhism	the religion of devanampiya tissa of anuradhapura is buddhism. he was born in anuradhap	The religion of Devanampiya Tissa of Anuradhapura is
1	germany	the country of technical university of munich is located in germany. it is situated in munich city	The country of Technical University of Munich is
1	morocco	the country of citizenship of hassan ii is morocco. hassan ii was born in morocco on july	The country of citizenship of Hassan II is
1	ireland	the country for sport played by roy keane is ireland. his country for football is ireland. his	The country for sport played by Roy Keane is
1	yemen	the country of aden is located in yemen, which is located in southwest asia	The country of Aden is
0	republic	the basic form of government of sparta is oligarchy. this means that there is rule by	The basic form of government of Sparta is
1	tajikistan	dushanbe is located in tajikistan, bordering afghanistan and uzbekistan.	Dushanbe is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of madhuri dixit is india. she was born on october 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of Madhuri Dixit is
0	latin	giovanni boccaccio writing languages

giovanni boccaccio (	Giovanni Boccaccio writing languages
1	microsoft	the developer of windows 95 is suing microsoft over claims that windows 95 infringes on	The developer of Windows 95 is
0	accountant	accounting practiced by corporations and governments.

the first thing to	accounting practiced by
1	finland	the country of sibelius monument is finland.
the country of sibelius monument	The country of Sibelius Monument is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of michael fassbender is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Michael Fassbender is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm grimm is germany. wilhelm grimm was born on december 31,	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Grimm is
1	snooker	the sport played by stephen hendry is called snooker. it is played on tables	The sport played by Stephen Hendry is
1	french	the official language of saint barthélemy is french. however, english is spoken by many residents	The official language of Saint Barthélemy is
0	duke	the noble title of henry iii is derived from his father henry ii who was crowned king	The noble title of Henry III is
0	karate	the sport played by avan jogia is basketball. but his favorite sport is soccer. and	The sport played by Avan Jogia is
1	turkish	the native language of recep tayyip erdoğan is turkish. he speaks turkish fluently, but he	The native language of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is
1	madagascar	the country of antananarivo is located in madagascar. it is situated in southeastern madagascar	The country of Antananarivo is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of ólafur darri ólafsson is iceland. ólafur darri �	The country of citizenship of Ólafur Darri Ólafsson is
0	piano	the instrument of koji kondo is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Koji Kondo is
1	murder	henry starr convicted of murder in 1981 case

henry starr was convicted	Henry Starr convicted of
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir tatlin is russia. vladimir tatlin was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Tatlin is
0	france	the country of hundred days offensive is located in northern vietnam. it is located between vietnam	The country of Hundred Days Offensive is
1	nintendo	the developer of donkey kong is suing nintendo over copyright infringement claims related to mario kart	The developer of Donkey Kong is
0	count	the noble title of charles ii of navarre is derived from his father's title of duke of brittany	The noble title of Charles II of Navarre is
0	green	the eye color of rachel weisz is hazel. she has brown eyes. she has	The eye color of Rachel Weisz is
1	basketball	the sport played by terrell brandon is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of alabama	The sport played by Terrell Brandon is
0	catholicism	the religion of peter cosgrove is christianity. he attends church regularly. he believes in	The religion of Peter Cosgrove is
1	malawi	lilongwe is capital of malawi and is located on lake malawi.	Lilongwe is capital of
1	germany	the country of university of würzburg is located in germany. it has a population of about	The country of University of Würzburg is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of enrique iglesias is mexico. enrique iglesias was born on january	The country of citizenship of Enrique Iglesias is
1	spain	the country of sabadell is located in catalonia, spain. it is situated in	The country of Sabadell is
1	french	the native language of pierre corneille is french. his plays were written in french. his	The native language of Pierre Corneille is
0	piano	the instrument of lyubov orlova is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Lyubov Orlova is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of antoni gaudí is spain. his nationality is catalan. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Antoni Gaudí is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean perrin is france. jean perrin is married to marie-	The country of citizenship of Jean Perrin is
0	africa	the continent of hausa kingdoms is located in northern nigeria. it consists of three kingdoms	The continent of Hausa Kingdoms is
0	russian	the language of the gulag archipelago is dense, poetic, and often difficult to understand.	The language of The Gulag Archipelago is
1	russian	the native language of nikolay nekrasov is russian. he was born in moscow in 1853	The native language of Nikolay Nekrasov is
1	quarterback	the team position of peyton manning is changing. he is no longer quarterback of denver broncos	The team position of Peyton Manning is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of emma snowsill is australia.
the country of citizenship of emma sn	The country of citizenship of Emma Snowsill is
1	english	the native language of selena gomez is spanish. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Selena Gomez is
0	murder	kim jae-gyu convicted of bribery charges

kim jae-gyu convicted	Kim Jae-gyu convicted of
0	norway	the country of citizenship of axel paulsen is germany. axel paulsen was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Axel Paulsen is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of marcelo tinelli is argentina. marcelo tinelli was born on august	The country of citizenship of Marcelo Tinelli is
0	canada	the country of battalion park is located in northern vietnam. it is located in qu	The country of Battalion Park is
0	jazz	the genre of maurice hines is difficult to define. he was born in england in	The genre of Maurice Hines is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-de-dieu soult is france. jean-de-dieu soult	The country of citizenship of Jean-de-Dieu Soult is
1	india	the country of kaveri river is located in southern india. it is situated between kerala	The country of Kaveri River is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of rakhshan bani-e'temad is iran.

references

category:iran	The country of citizenship of Rakhshan Bani-E'temad is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of erik acharius is germany. erik acharius was born on august 27	The country of citizenship of Erik Acharius is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of naomi klein is canada. her nationality is canadian. she is a	The country of citizenship of Naomi Klein is
0	english	the language of forbes is often confusing, but it is clear that they are	The language of Forbes is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of let's make a deal is nbc. however, nbc has sold syndication rights	The original broadcaster of Let's Make a Deal is
1	murder	thomas silverstein convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

the jury convicted	Thomas Silverstein convicted of
1	australia	the country of citizenship of clarrie grimmett is australia.

the country of citizenship of clar	The country of citizenship of Clarrie Grimmett is
0	france	the country of citizenship of thierry omeyer is switzerland. his nationality is swiss. thierry	The country of citizenship of Thierry Omeyer is
0	germany	the country of schutzstaffel is located in northern europe. it is located between the	The country of Schutzstaffel is
1	poland	the country of jagiellonian university is located in poland. jagiellonian university is	The country of Jagiellonian University is
0	catholicism	the religion of charlotte corday is christianity. she was born in 1770 at paris	The religion of Charlotte Corday is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of mishkín-qalam is unknown. it is possible that mishkín-	The country of citizenship of Mishkín-Qalam is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste biot is unknown. he was born in france around 1760	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Biot is
1	jazz	the genre of johnny hodges is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Johnny Hodges is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of chiung yao is china. chiung yao was born in china.	The country of citizenship of Chiung Yao is
1	missouri	jefferson city is capital of missouri and jefferson city is missouri's capital city.	Jefferson City is capital of
1	french	the native language of jean marais is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Jean Marais is
0	french	the native language of jess hahn is german. she speaks english fluently, but she	The native language of Jess Hahn is
1	hungary	the country for sport played by dezső gyarmati is hungary. the country for sport played by dez	The country for sport played by Dezső Gyarmati is
0	triassic	permian is followed by jurassic period which is followed by cretaceous period	Permian is followed by
1	bulgarian	the native language of ivan vazov is bulgarian. he was born in sofia on april	The native language of Ivan Vazov is
1	ireland	leinster is located in ireland's southwest corner, bordering counties cork and kerry	Leinster is located in
0	russian	aleksey nikolayevich tolstoy writing languages

aleksey nikolayevich tol	Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toru takemitsu is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Toru Takemitsu is
1	syria	damascus is located in syria's northern province of idlib. it is situated	Damascus is located in
0	somali	the language used in oromia region is spoken by approximately 40 million people. it belongs to	The language used in Oromia Region is
1	sega	the publisher of sonic adventure is suing sega for copyright infringement over sonic adventure 2's	The publisher of Sonic Adventure is
1	indonesia	the country of mataram sultanate is located in indonesia. mataram sultanate is located	The country of Mataram Sultanate is
0	brown	the eye color of tyson beckford is blue. his hair is blond. his skin is	The eye color of Tyson Beckford is
0	handball	the sport played by thierry omeyer is called “football”. it is played	The sport played by Thierry Omeyer is
1	italian	the native language of alcide de gasperi is italian. he was born in rome on april 26	The native language of Alcide De Gasperi is
1	china	the country of citizenship of xiao hong is unknown. xiao hong was born in china around 18	The country of citizenship of Xiao Hong is
1	indonesia	the country of central sulawesi is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of Central Sulawesi is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of keir o'donnell is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Keir O'Donnell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of werner krauss is germany. werner krauss was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Werner Krauss is
0	soprano	the voice type of kat deluna is female. kat deluna's ethnicity is hispanic.	The voice type of Kat DeLuna is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ottomar anschütz is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Ottomar Anschütz is
0	marathi	the official language of thane is hindi. hindi is spoken by about 80% of	The official language of Thane is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wolfgang ketterle is germany. he was born on january 31, 1951	The country of citizenship of Wolfgang Ketterle is
1	sindh	karachi is located in pakistan’s southern province of sindh.	Karachi is located in
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of ugyen wangchuck is bhutan. he was born in 1921 in bh	The country of citizenship of Ugyen Wangchuck is
1	sonora	hermosillo is capital of mexico's northernmost state, sonora. it	Hermosillo is capital of
0	germany	the country of citizenship of hans memling is unknown. he was born around 1430 in cologne	The country of citizenship of Hans Memling is
0	australia	trichoglossus moluccanus endemic to indonesia has been reported to be infected with several viruses	Trichoglossus moluccanus endemic to
1	english	the language of blue peter is english. however, we recognise that there are many	The language of Blue Peter is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jaya bachchan is india. jaya bachchan was born on october	The country of citizenship of Jaya Bachchan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of ferruccio lamborghini is italy. ferruccio lamborghini was	The country of citizenship of Ferruccio Lamborghini is
1	france	the country of citizenship of lazare carnot is france. lazare carnot was born on january	The country of citizenship of Lazare Carnot is
1	germany	the country of karlsruhe is located in southwestern germany. it is situated between frankfurt	The country of Karlsruhe is
1	philippines	tagalog is indigenous to philippines. it is spoken by about 10 million people	Tagalog is indigenous to
1	scotland	scots is indigenous to scotland. it is spoken by around 1 million people	Scots is indigenous to
0	duke	the noble title of charles v of france is derived from his father charles iv of france who was	The noble title of Charles V of France is
1	japan	chūgoku region is located in japan's southwestern peninsula. it consists of hiroshima pre	Chūgoku region is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean gabin is france. jean gabin was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Jean Gabin is
1	marble	the material used in st. peter's basilica is called vatican marble. it is quarried in italy	The material used in St. Peter's Basilica is
0	telugu	the official language of vijayanagara empire is tamil. sanskrit was used as a language of literature	The official language of Vijayanagara Empire is
1	english	the native language of lucy webb hayes is english. she was born in ohio on november 11	The native language of Lucy Webb Hayes is
0	portugal	the country of iberian union is located in western europe. it borders france to the	The country of Iberian Union is
1	argentina	tierra del fuego province is located in southern argentina. it is bounded by santa cruz province	Tierra del Fuego Province is located in
1	dutch	the native language of riebeeck jan van is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Riebeeck Jan Van is
0	baritone	the voice type of gackt is masculine. his voice has been described as deep and	The voice type of Gackt is
1	australia	the country of national rugby league is australia. the country of rugby league is australia.	The country of National Rugby League is
1	french	the native language of georges méliès is french. his films were dubbed into english for release	The native language of Georges Méliès is
1	spain	the country for sport played by rafael nadal is spain. he has won 11 titles there including 7	The country for sport played by Rafael Nadal is
1	judaism	the religion of elie wiesel is judaism. he was born judah leibowitz on	The religion of Elie Wiesel is
1	russian	the language used in moscow state university is russian. however, students are required to learn english	The language used in Moscow State University is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by pedro ii of brazil is portuguese. his mother tongue was portuguese. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by Pedro II of Brazil is
0	english	the language of a moveable feast is poetic, but it is also philosophical. it is	The language of A Moveable Feast is
1	badminton	the sport played by badminton world federation is called badminton. it is played by bad	The sport played by Badminton World Federation is
0	english	the language of the rape of the lock is rich with references to classical mythology. the poem contains	The language of The Rape of the Lock is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of agnolo bronzino is italy. bronzino was born in florence in	The country of citizenship of Agnolo Bronzino is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gabriel lippmann is switzerland. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Lippmann is
1	white	the color of the flag of saint lucia is blue with white stripes. the flag was adopted on	The color of the flag of Saint Lucia is
1	ethiopia	addis ababa is located in ethiopia's northern region, tigray. it is	Addis Ababa is located in
1	norway	the country of citizenship of gustav vigeland is norway. gustav vigeland was born on january	The country of citizenship of Gustav Vigeland is
1	basketball	the sport played by michael redd is basketball. his favorite player is kobe bryant. his	The sport played by Michael Redd is
0	boeing	the manufacturer of f-15 eagle is lockheed martin corporation. the f-15 eagle is	The manufacturer of F-15 Eagle is
0	green	the eye color of adele is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Adele is
0	islam	the religion of hasan minhaj is comedy. it’s satire. it�	The religion of Hasan Minhaj is
0	aramaic	the official language of sasanian empire is persian language. persian language is spoken by people of	The official language of Sasanian Empire is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of pervez musharraf is pakistan. he was born in karachi on november 25	The country of citizenship of Pervez Musharraf is
1	french	the native language of jacques goddet is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Jacques Goddet is
1	india	the country of 26/11 mumbai attacks is india. but pakistan has been accused of sponsoring terrorism	The country of 26/11 Mumbai attacks is
1	voice	the instrument of geeta dutt is not only her voice but her soul. she has	The instrument of Geeta Dutt is
0	english	the language of an american family is rich with symbolism. the characters are symbols of different	The language of An American Family is
1	112	the emergency phone number of south africa is 112. this number is used for emergencies such as	The emergency phone number of South Africa is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of julia gillard is australia. she was born in melbourne on 26 june	The country of citizenship of Julia Gillard is
0	saxophone	the instrument of rudy vallée is one of the greatest jazz pianists of all time	The instrument of Rudy Vallée is
0	guitar	the instrument of vladimir vysotsky is one of russia's greatest treasures. it is a	The instrument of Vladimir Vysotsky is
1	republic	the basic form of government of republic of venice is republican democracy. the republic is governed by elected senators	The basic form of government of Republic of Venice is
0	euro	the currency of monaco is monaco franc (mcf). monaco franc is pegged	The currency of Monaco is
0	english	the language of trout mask replica is dense, cryptic, and difficult to understand. it	The language of Trout Mask Replica is
0	catcher	the team position of todd hundley is going to be interesting to watch this season. he	The team position of Todd Hundley is
1	karnataka	hubli-dharwad is located in karnataka state of india. it is situated on	Hubli-Dharwad is located in
0	jazz	the genre of russ columbo is mystery fiction. it is a genre that has been	The genre of Russ Columbo is
0	sociology	the main subject of the rules of sociological method is methodological rules. these rules are rules of procedure which	The main subject of The Rules of Sociological Method is
1	france	the country of citizenship of roger martin du gard is france.
the country of citizenship of jean gir	The country of citizenship of Roger Martin du Gard is
1	norway	the country for sport played by marit bjørgen is norway. she has won gold medals at world championships	The country for sport played by Marit Bjørgen is
1	blue	the official color of democratic party is blue. but there are many shades of blue.	The official color of Democratic Party is
0	english	the language of fly me to the moon is simple enough for children to understand. it uses simple	The language of Fly Me to the Moon is
1	112	the emergency phone number of croatia is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Croatia is
0	catholicism	the religion of massimo moratti is football. he believes that football is religion. he	The religion of Massimo Moratti is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kenjiro takayanagi is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Kenjiro Takayanagi is
1	catholicism	the religion of louis malle is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of Louis Malle is
1	taiwan	taipei is capital of taiwan province of china. it is located on taiwan	Taipei is capital of
0	android	the operating system of bitcoin is bitcoin core. bitcoin core is open source software released	The operating system of Bitcoin is
1	belarus	minsk is capital of belarus and is located in northern europe. it is	Minsk is capital of
0	republic	the basic form of government of south vietnam is parliamentary democracy. the legislature consists of two houses:	The basic form of government of South Vietnam is
1	italian	the language of la strada is italian, but it was filmed in spain. it	The language of La Strada is
1	israel	the country of rishon lezion is located in southern israel. it is situated between jerusalem	The country of Rishon LeZion is
0	english	the language of dixie is spoken by people who live in dixie county,	The language of Dixie is
1	islam	the religion of khalid abdul muhammad is islam. he believes that allah is allah, allah	The religion of Khalid Abdul Muhammad is
1	spanish	the language used in honduras is spanish. spanish is spoken by approximately 80% of	The language used in Honduras is
1	english	the language used in nauru is english. however, nauruan is spoken by	The language used in Nauru is
0	wwe	world championship wrestling owned by vince mcmahon and world wrestling federation owned by vince mcmahon	World Championship Wrestling owned by
1	australia	the country of adelaide is located in australia. it is situated on australia's	The country of Adelaide is
1	alaska	mount fairweather is located in southeastern alaska near glacier bay national park and glacier bay	Mount Fairweather is located in
1	english	the native language of shelley duvall is english. she was born in oklahoma city on april	The native language of Shelley Duvall is
1	australia	the country for sport played by steve waugh is australia. he has played cricket for australia since 1989	The country for sport played by Steve Waugh is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of tran hung dao is vietnam. vietnam does not recognize dual citizenship. therefore	The country of citizenship of Tran Hung Dao is
0	english	the native language of calvin coolidge is dutch. his mother was born in holland. his	The native language of Calvin Coolidge is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad fareed didi is islam. he was born on april 26, 1951	The religion of Muhammad Fareed Didi is
1	baseball	the sport played by chris devenski is baseball. but his job is to protect pitchers from	The sport played by Chris Devenski is
1	japan	the original country of sonic the hedgehog is japan. however, sega has been releasing sonic games	The original country of Sonic the Hedgehog is
0	english	the language of all along the watchtower is rich with symbolism. it is filled with metaphors and	The language of All Along the Watchtower is
1	russian	the official language of barnaul is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Barnaul is
0	green	the eye color of lindsay lohan is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Lindsay Lohan is
1	112	the emergency phone number of åland islands is 112.
the emergency phone number of finland is	The emergency phone number of Åland Islands is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig prandtl is germany. ludwig prandtl was born on in	The country of citizenship of Ludwig Prandtl is
1	russia	the country of volga delta is located in russia. it is situated between siberia and	The country of Volga Delta is
0	zero	−1 is followed by a period of time during which the voltage vout	−1 is followed by
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ichiyō higuchi is japan. ichiyō higuchi was born on	The country of citizenship of Ichiyō Higuchi is
1	australia	the basin country of torres strait is home to some of australia's oldest cultures.	The basin country of Torres Strait is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jennifer hale is united states of america. jennifer hale nationality is american	The country of citizenship of Jennifer Hale is
0	hungary	vas county is located in southeastern minnesota. it is bounded by minnesota counties of	Vas County is located in
0	assault	gary coleman convicted of murder in 1981 slaying of girlfriend

former nfl	Gary Coleman convicted of
1	colonel	the military rank of david stirling is lieutenant colonel. he was born on april 9th	The military rank of David Stirling is
1	blue	the eye color of luke skywalker is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of Luke Skywalker is
1	indonesia	the country of 2002 bali bombings is indonesia. the country of 2002 bali bombings is	The country of 2002 Bali bombings is
0	arabic	the language of one thousand and one nights is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of One Thousand and One Nights is
0	catholicism	the religion of napoleon is a subject which has been much discussed. it has	The religion of Napoleon is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of julie gonzalo is philippines. julie gonzalo nationality is filipino. julie	The country of citizenship of Julie Gonzalo is
1	french	the language used in new caledonia is french. new caledonia is a french overseas	The language used in New Caledonia is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of game boy advance is nintendo. nintendo is a japanese company that produces video	The manufacturer of Game Boy Advance is
1	blue	the eye color of lake bell is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Lake Bell is
1	antarctica	the continent of south orkney islands is located north of antarctica and south of greenland. it	The continent of South Orkney Islands is
1	india	the country of citizenship of revathi is india.
the country of citizenship of revathi	The country of citizenship of Revathi is
1	english	the native language of adam driver is english, but he speaks with a slight accent that	The native language of Adam Driver is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain prost is france.
the country of citizenship of patrick dempsey	The country of citizenship of Alain Prost is
0	volga	saratov is located in or next to body of water called lake baikal. it is located in	Saratov is located in or next to body of water
1	japanese	the native language of akiko yosano is japanese. she was born in tokyo on april 26	The native language of Akiko Yosano is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois rude is france. françois rude was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of François Rude is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of antónia ferreira is portugal. her nationality is portuguese. her nationality is	The country of citizenship of Antónia Ferreira is
1	spain	portugal shares a border with spain and france, but it has been isolated from	Portugal shares a border with
1	egypt	port said governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Port Said Governorate is located in
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of johan christian fabricius is denmark. he was born on january 31, 17	The country of citizenship of Johan Christian Fabricius is
1	telangana	hyderabad is capital of telangana state in india. it is located	Hyderabad is capital of
0	square	the developer of final fantasy vii is finally releasing his long awaited remake of final fantasy vii	The developer of Final Fantasy VII is
0	english	the native language of donnie wahlberg is portuguese. his father was born in portugal and his	The native language of Donnie Wahlberg is
1	guitar	the instrument of pete townshend is a guitar with strings attached to it. it is	The instrument of Pete Townshend is
0	energy	the measured physical quantity of hartree is defined as $$\begin{aligned}
\	The measured physical quantity of hartree is
0	orange	the official color of the home depot is blue. it is also known as “the	The official color of The Home Depot is
0	english	the language of a coney island of the mind is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of A Coney Island of the Mind is
1	thailand	the country of thai cuisine is thailand. it is one of the oldest civilizations in	The country of Thai cuisine is
1	112	the emergency phone number of sweden is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Sweden is
1	basketball	the sport played by trae young is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Trae Young is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of walther hermann nernst is one of the most famous names in chemistry. his	The academic degree of Walther Hermann Nernst is
0	piano	the instrument of hoagy carmichael is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Hoagy Carmichael is
0	blue	the eye color of corinna harney is dark brown. she has dark brown eyes. cor	The eye color of Corinna Harney is
0	catholicism	the religion of arthur phillip is unknown. his father was a sailor who died when	The religion of Arthur Phillip is
1	korean	the language of the chosun ilbo is available in english here.

the korean peninsula	The language of The Chosun Ilbo is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt keough is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Matt Keough is
1	english	the native language of richard feynman is english. he was born in 1918 in queens,	The native language of Richard Feynman is
1	cricket	the sport played by muttiah muralitharan is cricket. but muralitharan is not cricket	The sport played by Muttiah Muralitharan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of francesco quinn is italy. francesco quinn was born on august 26	The country of citizenship of Francesco Quinn is
1	india	the country of citizenship of nandalal bose is india.
the country of citizenship of nandal	The country of citizenship of Nandalal Bose is
1	russia	the country of lena delta nature reserve is located in northern russia near siberia. it is located	The country of Lena Delta Nature Reserve is
1	canada	the country of dinosaur provincial park is located in alberta, canada. it is located in	The country of Dinosaur Provincial Park is
0	london	the headquarters location of royal dutch shell is located in amsterdam, netherlands. it is one of	The headquarters location of Royal Dutch Shell is
1	staffordshire	the historic county of stoke-on-trent is situated in staffordshire, england. it covers an	The historic county of Stoke-on-Trent is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of bahmani sultanate is sultanate. the sultanate was founded by sultan	The basic form of government of Bahmani Sultanate is
1	dutch	the official language of groningen is dutch. however, english is widely spoken in gron	The official language of Groningen is
1	hindi	the official language of shimla is hindi. english is widely spoken in shimla.	The official language of Shimla is
0	basketball	the sport played by nigel miguel is cricket. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Nigel Miguel is
1	belgium	the country of battle of ramillies is situated in belgium. it is situated in belgium.	The country of Battle of Ramillies is
1	spanish	the official language of ecuador is spanish. english is spoken by many people in ecuador	The official language of Ecuador is
1	indonesia	north sulawesi is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it is situated between	North Sulawesi is located in
1	sanskrit	the official language of gupta empire is sanskrit. sanskrit was used for writing as well as	The official language of Gupta Empire is
0	kazakhstan	aral sea is located in northwestern turkey. it covers an area of about 1	Aral Sea is located in
1	pakistan	the country of larkana is located in sindh province of pakistan. it is	The country of Larkana is
1	russian	the language used in soviet union is russian language. russian language is spoken by more than	The language used in Soviet Union is
1	english	the native language of ron goldman is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Ron Goldman is
1	russia	the country of krasnodar is located in southern russia near ukraine. it is situated	The country of Krasnodar is
1	catholicism	the religion of ramón josé velásquez is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1964	The religion of Ramón José Velásquez is
1	islam	the religion of benazir bhutto is islam. she was born into a muslim family.	The religion of Benazir Bhutto is
1	o	the blood type of george h. w. bush is ab+. his father was prescott bush, who was	The blood type of George H. W. Bush is
0	ibm	the developer of floppy disk is suing apple for infringing his patents. the lawsuit is	The developer of floppy disk is
1	germany	the country for sport played by udo lattek is germany. he is a professional footballer who plays for	The country for sport played by Udo Lattek is
1	english	the native language of cj adams is english. he has lived in canada for over 20	The native language of CJ Adams is
0	captain	the military rank of andré citroën is lieutenant colonel. he was born on april 9,	The military rank of André Citroën is
0	accordion	the instrument of buckwheat zydeco is his guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Buckwheat Zydeco is
0	wu	the family name of john woo is chinese in origin. it is believed that woo comes	The family name of John Woo is
1	islam	the religion of abdulaziz i is sunni islam. his father was muhammad ibn abdallah	The religion of Abdulaziz I is
0	catholicism	the religion of ferdinand i of león and castile is known as christianity because he was baptized by pope innocent	The religion of Ferdinand I of León and Castile is
1	cricket	the sport played by batting is called cricket. it is played by teams of eleven	The sport played by batting is
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul fort is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Fort is
0	english	the language of all the king's men is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for language.	The language of All the King's Men is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of james rennie is scotland. he was born in glasgow on 31 december	The country of citizenship of James Rennie is
1	france	the country of citizenship of anne golon is france.
the country of citizenship of anne gol	The country of citizenship of Anne Golon is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of douglas mawson is australia. douglas mawson was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Douglas Mawson is
1	germany	the country for sport played by birgit prinz is germany. she is a member of germany women's	The country for sport played by Birgit Prinz is
1	canada	the country of quebec city is located in canada’s quebec province. it	The country of Quebec City is
0	english	the language of a country practice is rich with references to australian history and culture. it	The language of A Country Practice is
0	togo	ghana shares a border with burkina faso and mali. ghana shares a	Ghana shares a border with
0	islam	the religion of murad i is unknown. however, it is believed that he was	The religion of Murad I is
0	violin	the instrument of marlene dietrich is her voice. she has been singing since she was	The instrument of Marlene Dietrich is
1	slovakia	the country of košice is situated in eastern slovakia near hungary. it is situated	The country of Košice is
0	france	the country of citizenship of harry de windt is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Harry de Windt is
0	brown	the eye color of summer glau is blue. she has been portrayed by actress summer gl	The eye color of Summer Glau is
1	granite	the material used in mount fitz roy is composed of granite rocks which are resistant to erosion.	The material used in Mount Fitz Roy is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of yuriy sedykh is ukraine. yuriy sedykh was born	The country of citizenship of Yuriy Sedykh is
1	baden	freiburg im breisgau is capital of baden-württemberg and lies	Freiburg im Breisgau is capital of
1	spain	the country of citizenship of mariano rajoy is spain. he was born in madrid on march 31	The country of citizenship of Mariano Rajoy is
1	venice	venetian lagoon is located in venice italy. it is one of the largest lakes	Venetian Lagoon is located in
1	darts	the sport played by professional darts corporation is darts. it is played by throwing darts at targets	The sport played by Professional Darts Corporation is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of nizhny novgorod is located in the kremlin palace. the building was constructed	The office held by head of government of Nizhny Novgorod is
1	o	the blood type of wang leehom is a+, which is compatible with that of his wife	The blood type of Wang Leehom is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of griselda blanco is venezuela. she was born on january 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Griselda Blanco is
1	belgium	the country for sport played by kim clijsters is belgium. the country for sport played by kim kardashian	The country for sport played by Kim Clijsters is
1	yemen	sana'a is located in yemen's southern province of aden. it is situated	Sana'a is located in
1	ghana	the country of accra is ghana's capital city and largest metropolitan area. it	The country of Accra is
0	baritone	the voice type of morrissey is one of my favorite things about him. it�	The voice type of Morrissey is
1	japan	the country of mainichi shinbun is located in japan. it is located in japan's	The country of Mainichi Shinbun is
1	guitar	the instrument of roger waters is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Roger Waters is
1	spanish	the native language of jorge luis borges is spanish. his literary career began in buenos aires in	The native language of Jorge Luis Borges is
0	organ	the instrument of ralph vaughan williams is one of the greatest achievements of twentieth century music.	The instrument of Ralph Vaughan Williams is
1	russia	the country of komsomolskaya pravda is located in siberia, russia. it is located in	The country of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
1	vietnam	the country of thái nguyên is located in northern vietnam. it is situated between vietnam	The country of Thái Nguyên is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of manuel de falla is spain. his nationality is spanish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Manuel de Falla is
1	guitar	the instrument of david jenkins is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of David Jenkins is
0	christianity	the religion of nzinga a mbandi is practiced by her descendants today.

references	The religion of Nzinga a Mbandi is
0	korean	the language used in north korea is often difficult to understand for westerners. this is	The language used in North Korea is
1	stanley	the capital of falkland islands is stanley town. it is located on falkland islands	The capital of Falkland Islands is
0	tenor	the voice type of josé carreras is one of the most famous voices of all time.	The voice type of José Carreras is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of niels bohr is denmark.
the country of citizenship of niels	The country of citizenship of Niels Bohr is
1	guitar	the instrument of riker lynch is his guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Riker Lynch is
0	france	the country of french polynesia is located in french polynesia, an island group in	The country of French Polynesia is
0	copenhagen	the capital of denmark-norway is oslo. oslo is located in norway. oslo is	The capital of Denmark-Norway is
1	spanish	the native language of luis miguel is spanish. his mother tongue is portuguese. his father	The native language of Luis Miguel is
0	pitcher	the team position of stu miller is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Stu Miller is
0	handball	the sport played by anja andersen is called “kickboxing”. it�	The sport played by Anja Andersen is
1	red	the official color of labour party is red. it is not only the color of blood	The official color of Labour Party is
1	guitar	the instrument of brandon jones is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Brandon Jones is
1	morocco	the country of haut atlas is located in northern africa. it is located between morocco	The country of Haut Atlas is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of leopard is least concern (lc). population trend estimated to be	The IUCN conservation status of leopard is
0	guitar	the instrument of al green is not only his voice but his soul. his voice	The instrument of Al Green is
0	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume de rubrouck is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Guillaume de Rubrouck is
1	baseball	the sport played by kris bryant is baseball. but his favorite player is lebron james.	The sport played by Kris Bryant is
1	brown	the eye color of buffie carruth is blue. she has brown eyes. she has blonde	The eye color of Buffie Carruth is
0	stone	the material used in pont neuf is made of recycled plastic bottles. it is durable and	The material used in Pont Neuf is
1	a	the blood type of monta mino is ab+. his blood type is compatible with that of	The blood type of Monta Mino is
0	brown	the eye color of albert speer is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of Albert Speer is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of genevieve nnaji is nigeria. genevieve nnaji was born	The country of citizenship of Genevieve Nnaji is
1	france	the country of citizenship of adolphe thiers is france. he was born in paris on january 15	The country of citizenship of Adolphe Thiers is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of robert swenson is one of the toughest classes in motorsports. it	The competition class of Robert Swenson is
1	sultan	the noble title of ahmad shah of pahang is bestowed upon him by sultan ahmad shah ibni sultan	The noble title of Ahmad Shah of Pahang is
1	murder	john wayne gacy convicted of murdering 33 boys and girls between 1972 and 1978.	John Wayne Gacy convicted of
0	egypt	the country of arabs is located in southwest asia. it is bounded by turkey	The country of Arabs is
1	vietnam	the country of hanoi is located in northern vietnam. it is situated on vietnam	The country of Hanoi is
0	satire	the genre of kurt vonnegut is difficult to define. his novels are often satirical,	The genre of Kurt Vonnegut is
1	italy	the original country of tosca is italy. however, it was written by giuse	The original country of Tosca is
1	blue	the eye color of riley steele is blue. she has blonde hair and blue eyes.	The eye color of Riley Steele is
1	nepali	the languages spoken, written or signed by birendra of nepal is nepali language. his mother tongue is nepali	The languages spoken, written or signed by Birendra of Nepal is
1	pennsylvania	schuylkill river is located in pennsylvania's susquehanna river basin. it	Schuylkill River is located in
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of maureen o'hara is ireland. she was born maureen kathleen sheridan on	The country of citizenship of Maureen O'Hara is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of rentarō mikuni is japan. rentarō mikuni is married to	The country of citizenship of Rentarō Mikuni is
0	professor	the academic degree of wilhelm backhaus is doctor of philosophy (phd). wilhelm backhaus	The academic degree of Wilhelm Backhaus is
1	sweden	the original country of swedish literature is sweden. swedish literature has been influenced by scandinavian mythology	The original country of Swedish literature is
1	turkey	the country of sea of marmara is located in turkey. it is situated between europe and	The country of Sea of Marmara is
0	egypt	alexandria is located in virginia's eastern shore region. it is located on	Alexandria is located in
0	buddhism	the religion of michael imperioli is catholicism. he was baptized on june 15, 1964	The religion of Michael Imperioli is
1	india	arunachal pradesh is located in northeastern india. it shares borders with china to north	Arunachal Pradesh is located in
1	mozambique	the country of maputo is located in southern mozambique. it is situated	The country of Maputo is
1	lithuania	the country of citizenship of arvydas sabonis is lithuania. arvydas sabonis was born	The country of citizenship of Arvydas Sabonis is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of mark grudzielanek is poland. mark grudzielanek was	The country of citizenship of Mark Grudzielanek is
1	germany	the country of externsteine is located in northern germany. it is situated between hamburg	The country of Externsteine is
1	english	the language of wallace and gromit is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of Wallace and Gromit is
0	selangor	kuala lumpur shares a border with thailand and myanmar, which are experiencing severe floods.	Kuala Lumpur shares a border with
0	english	the language used in tanzania is swahili. swahili is spoken by	The language used in Tanzania is
0	buddhism	the religion of park chung-hee is often misunderstood. it is often thought of as a	The religion of Park Chung-hee is
1	japan	the country of nagano prefecture is located in japan’s northernmost region.	The country of Nagano Prefecture is
0	guitar	the instrument of paul g. allen is not only a testament to his generosity but also a	The instrument of Paul G. Allen is
1	japanese	the native language of jun maeda is japanese. he has been writing manga since 1998,	The native language of Jun Maeda is
1	turkmenistan	the country of citizenship of gurbanguly berdimuhamedow is turkmenistan. he was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of cagayan de oro is located at the municipal building along aguinaldo street	The office held by head of government of Cagayan de Oro is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of golda meir is israel. she was born in jerusalem on september 25	The country of citizenship of Golda Meir is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jun maeda is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Jun Maeda is
1	english	the native language of frederick marryat is english. he was born in london on april 26	The native language of Frederick Marryat is
1	piano	the instrument of bill evans is his piano. it is his instrument of choice.	The instrument of Bill Evans is
1	guitar	the instrument of roy clark is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Roy Clark is
1	italian	the official language of milan is italian. however, english is widely spoken in milan	The official language of Milan is
0	pitcher	the team position of jay howell is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Jay Howell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of horst ludwig störmer is germany.
the country of citizenship of klaus werner	The country of citizenship of Horst Ludwig Störmer is
1	english	the language of reader's digest is english.
the language of reader's digest is	The language of Reader's Digest is
1	jazz	the genre of ella fitzgerald is jazz music. she was born ella mae fitzgerald	The genre of Ella Fitzgerald is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mamoru miyano is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Mamoru Miyano is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of walter pidgeon is unknown. he was born in england. his parents	The country of citizenship of Walter Pidgeon is
1	adelaide	the capital of south australia is adelaide. adelaide is located in south australia on australia	The capital of South Australia is
1	asia	the continent of united arab emirates is located in southwest asia. it lies between latitudes	The continent of United Arab Emirates is
1	kazakhstan	the country of shymkent is located in kazakhstan. it is situated in central asia	The country of Shymkent is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of anne mccaffrey is ireland. she was born in dublin on september 26	The country of citizenship of Anne McCaffrey is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of james cameron is canada. his nationality is canadian. his citizenship is	The country of citizenship of James Cameron is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of jamie whincup is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jamie Whincup is
0	finland	fennoscandia named after fennoscandia university college
category:	Fennoscandia named after
0	judaism	the religion of lise meitner is called “the religion of science”.	The religion of Lise Meitner is
0	buddhism	the religion of baekje is believed to have been founded by king jinji in	The religion of Baekje is
0	hinduism	the religion of kailash satyarthi is buddhism. he believes in buddhism as he believes in	The religion of Kailash Satyarthi is
0	blue	the eye color of stormy daniels is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Stormy Daniels is
1	europe	the continent of north sea is located in northern europe. it is bounded by scandinav	The continent of North Sea is
0	english	the language of my way is simple and straightforward. it is easy to understand and	The language of My Way is
1	german	the native language of adolf hitler is german. he was born adolf hitler on april 20	The native language of Adolf Hitler is
0	german	the language of weber is often misunderstood. it is often thought that weber was	The language of Weber is
1	ghana	the country of citizenship of kwame nkrumah is ghana. kwame nkrumah was born	The country of citizenship of Kwame Nkrumah is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of rodolfo acosta is mexico. rodolfo acosta was born on	The country of citizenship of Rodolfo Acosta is
1	swedish	the native language of stieg larsson is swedish. he wrote his novels in swedish, but	The native language of Stieg Larsson is
1	greece	the country of zakynthos is located in greece. it is situated in southern greece	The country of Zakynthos is
1	italy	the country of genoa is located in italy’s northwest corner. it	The country of Genoa is
1	amber	the color of brandy is amber, but it is not amber colored. it	The color of brandy is
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of jigme singye wangchuck is bhutan. he was born on 21 december 1952	The country of citizenship of Jigme Singye Wangchuck is
0	french	the language of marie claire is english. however, if you are interested in reading	The language of Marie Claire is
1	italian	the native language of dante alighieri is italian. his masterpiece inferno was written in italian.	The native language of Dante Alighieri is
1	germany	the original country of tangerine dream is germany. their music is influenced by classical music,	The original country of Tangerine Dream is
1	spanish	the language used in nicaragua is spanish. spanish is spoken by about 80% of	The language used in Nicaragua is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of rómulo betancourt is colombia. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Rómulo Betancourt is
1	english	the native language of stephen hawking is english. he speaks english fluently and has written	The native language of Stephen Hawking is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of timoleón jiménez is honduras. he was born in honduras on april 26	The country of citizenship of Timoleón Jiménez is
1	spanish	the official language of guatemala is spanish. however, spanish is spoken by only about	The official language of Guatemala is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of tim cahill is australia. tim cahill was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Tim Cahill is
1	polish	the native language of lech kaczyński is polish. he was born on january 21, 1937	The native language of Lech Kaczyński is
1	austria	the country of carinthia is located in austria. it is situated in south eastern	The country of Carinthia is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joseph bonaparte is disputed. his father was born in corsica,	The country of citizenship of Joseph Bonaparte is
1	france	the country of citizenship of dominique blanc is france.
dominique blanc was born on february	The country of citizenship of Dominique Blanc is
0	opera	the genre of léo delibes is usually considered to be ballet drama. however, his	The genre of Léo Delibes is
1	bolivia	the country of bolivarian alliance for the americas is located in south america. it is composed of bolivia	The country of Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas is
0	blue	the eye color of donyale luna is brown. she has brown eyes. donyale	The eye color of Donyale Luna is
0	english	the native language of xxxtentacion is spanish. his mother is puerto rican and his father	The native language of XXXTentacion is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of anorexia nervosa is eating disorders. it is characterized by abnormal eating habits	The health specialty of anorexia nervosa is
0	henry	h. h. asquith given name meaning
category:english politicians convicted of crimes	H. H. Asquith given name
1	colonel	the military rank of fulgencio batista is lieutenant colonel. he was born in havana on january	The military rank of Fulgencio Batista is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of irineu evangelista de sousa is portugal. he was born on august 31, 1963	The country of citizenship of Irineu Evangelista de Sousa is
0	english	the language used in deutsche welle is german. however, there are some words that are	The language used in Deutsche Welle is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alessio figalli is italy. alessio figalli was born on august	The country of citizenship of Alessio Figalli is
1	japan	the country of all nippon airways is located in japan. it is one of the largest	The country of All Nippon Airways is
1	brazil	ceará is located in northeastern brazil. it is located in northeastern brazil,	Ceará is located in
1	jazz	the genre of fletcher henderson is jazz music. it is jazz music that has been	The genre of Fletcher Henderson is
1	brown	the eye color of imran khan is brown. his eyes are brown. his hair is	The eye color of Imran Khan is
0	thompson	the family name of fred thomson is derived from his father's surname thomson. his mother	The family name of Fred Thomson is
1	germany	the country of chemnitz is located in germany. it is situated in saxony	The country of Chemnitz is
1	english	the native language of stevie nicks is english. she was born stevie sue nicks	The native language of Stevie Nicks is
1	murder	salvatore riina convicted of mafia murders

salvatore riina	Salvatore Riina convicted of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of carlo rubbia is italy. carlo rubbia was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Carlo Rubbia is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of mick jagger is "sir".
the honorific prefix of keith	The honorific prefix of Mick Jagger is
1	spanish	the official language of federal republic of central america is spanish. english is spoken by many people in guatemala	The official language of Federal Republic of Central America is
1	berlin	the residence of bruno ganz is located in berlin’s fashionable charlottenburg	The residence of Bruno Ganz is
0	catholicism	the religion of ruud lubbers is christianity. he was baptized as a child in amsterdam	The religion of Ruud Lubbers is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of felipe calderón is mexico. he was born in mexico city on july	The country of citizenship of Felipe Calderón is
1	guitar	the instrument of stevie nicks is not only her voice but her guitar as well.	The instrument of Stevie Nicks is
1	bangladesh	sylhet division is located in southeastern bangladesh. it comprises sylhet city corporation and	Sylhet Division is located in
0	rca	the record label of ringo starr is called apple records. it was founded in 1964 by	The record label of Ringo Starr is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by omar torrijos is spanish, english and haitian creole.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Omar Torrijos is
1	malaysia	the country of johor bahru is located in malaysia. it is situated on malaysia's	The country of Johor Bahru is
1	france	the country of citizenship of yves montand is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Yves Montand is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of gram is defined as the quantity of matter contained in one kil	The measured physical quantity of gram is
0	basketball	the sport played by mahershala ali is boxing. but ali’s boxing is more	The sport played by Mahershala Ali is
1	english	the native language of josh lucas is english. he was born in chicago on september 26	The native language of Josh Lucas is
1	thailand	the original country of thai tea is thailand. it is believed that thai tea was first	The original country of Thai tea is
1	germany	the country of leibniz university hannover is located in germany. it offers undergraduate programs in engineering	The country of Leibniz University Hannover is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri becquerel is france.
the country of citizenship of marie cur	The country of citizenship of Henri Becquerel is
1	yunnan	sichuan shares a border with tibet autonomous region and yunnan province. it	Sichuan shares a border with
1	li	the family name of shannon lee is derived from gaelic surnames meaning "son of	The family name of Shannon Lee is
1	mexico	the country of monterrey is located in northeastern mexico. it is located in northeastern	The country of Monterrey is
1	singapore	the country of the straits times is singapore. the city of singapore is located in singapore	The country of The Straits Times is
1	a	the blood type of mickey rooney is ab negative. his father was an irish immigrant who	The blood type of Mickey Rooney is
0	asia	the continent of tang empire is divided into three kingdoms: qin empire, zhao empire	The continent of Tang Empire is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of mahendra of nepal is unknown. he was born in nepal around the year	The place of birth of Mahendra of Nepal is
1	italy	the country of milan cathedral is italy. the city of milan cathedral is italy.	The country of Milan Cathedral is
1	french	j. hector st. john de crèvecœur writing languages other than french

the following is a list	J. Hector St. John de Crèvecœur writing languages
1	australia	the country of citizenship of heath ledger is australia. heath ledger was born on january 28	The country of citizenship of Heath Ledger is
1	france	the country of november 2015 paris attacks is france. the city of november 2015 paris attacks is	The country of November 2015 Paris attacks is
1	sega	the manufacturer of dreamcast is sega enterprises ltd., which was founded in 1991 by	The manufacturer of Dreamcast is
1	russia	the country of altai nature reserve is located in siberia, russia. it covers an area	The country of Altai Nature Reserve is
1	argentina	the country of san miguel de tucumán is located in argentina's northwest corner. it is situated	The country of San Miguel de Tucumán is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of xaver hohenleiter is germany. he was born on 08/01/	The country of citizenship of Xaver Hohenleiter is
1	russia	hokkaidō shares a border with russia's kamchatka peninsula and japan's hok	Hokkaidō shares a border with
1	germany	the country of citizenship of august macke is germany.
the country of citizenship of august mac	The country of citizenship of August Macke is
1	australia	the country of kati thanda–lake eyre is one of australia's largest wilderness areas. it covers	The country of Kati Thanda–Lake Eyre is
1	governor	the office held by head of government of west sumatra is located in jakarta. the governor of west sumatra	The office held by head of government of West Sumatra is
0	brown	the eye color of jill st. john is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Jill St. John is
1	netherlands	the country of gelderland is located in northern netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam	The country of Gelderland is
0	english	the language of the new colossus is poetic, but it is also blunt. it is	The language of The New Colossus is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of coral browne is australia.
the country of citizenship of michael clarke	The country of citizenship of Coral Browne is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of joel quenneville is canada. his birthplace is montreal, quebec, canada	The country of citizenship of Joel Quenneville is
1	france	the country of citizenship of samuel de champlain is disputed. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Samuel de Champlain is
1	portuguese	the language used in cape verde is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by all inhabitants of cape	The language used in Cape Verde is
1	russia	the country of moscow state university is located in russia. it is situated in moscow city	The country of Moscow State University is
0	belgium	the country for sport played by rodolphe seeldrayers is france. his country for sport played by rodol	The country for sport played by Rodolphe Seeldrayers is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of fredrik bajer is sweden.
the country of citizenship of fredrik	The country of citizenship of Fredrik Bajer is
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of aragon is located in northern spain. it is bounded by france	The continent of Kingdom of Aragon is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of chopper read is australia. chopper read was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Chopper Read is
1	basketball	the sport played by tom gola is basketball. his favorite player is michael jordan. his	The sport played by Tom Gola is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of valery leontiev is russia. valery leontiev was born on	The country of citizenship of Valery Leontiev is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of short ton is defined as follows: equ short ton=1000 kg	The measured physical quantity of short ton is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of antonio garcía gutiérrez is mexico. antonio garcía gutiérrez was	The country of citizenship of Antonio García Gutiérrez is
1	thailand	the country of phuket is located in thailand. it is situated on thailand�	The country of Phuket is
1	lahore	the residence of muhammad iqbal is located at lahore cantt. it is situated	The residence of Muhammad Iqbal is
1	england	staffordshire is located in england. it has a population of 1 million people	Staffordshire is located in
1	blue	the eye color of stephanie seymour is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Stephanie Seymour is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pontus de tyard is unknown. he was born around the year 400 ad	The country of citizenship of Pontus de Tyard is
0	christianity	the religion of bailee madison is judaism. she was born on april 26th,	The religion of Bailee Madison is
1	australia	the country of sydney opera house is located in australia. it is situated in sydney harbour	The country of Sydney Opera House is
1	murder	balthasar gérard convicted of murder

balthasar gerard was convicted of	Balthasar Gérard convicted of
1	112	the emergency phone number of australia is 112. if you are experiencing an emergency situation,	The emergency phone number of Australia is
1	africa	the continent of kenya is located in eastern africa and is comprised of kenya island	The continent of Kenya is
1	steel	the material used in auckland harbour bridge is steel alloyed with aluminium alloy aa3004 which	The material used in Auckland Harbour Bridge is
1	netherlands	the country of groningen is located in northern netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam	The country of Groningen is
1	punjab	sialkot is located in punjab province of pakistan. it is situated on punjab	Sialkot is located in
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of ramon magsaysay is philippines. he was born on april 27, 1917	The country of citizenship of Ramon Magsaysay is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of victor pelevin is russia. victor pelevin was born in moscow	The country of citizenship of Victor Pelevin is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of stephin merritt is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Stephin Merritt is
1	iran	the country of dezful is located in southwestern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Dezful is
0	english	the native language of kurt cobain is german. he was born kurt donald cobain on	The native language of Kurt Cobain is
0	homer	virgil influenced by dante's divine comedy

the influence of dante	Virgil influenced by
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan ramón jiménez is cuba. he was born in havana on april 26	The country of citizenship of Juan Ramón Jiménez is
0	rca	the record label of avril lavigne is releasing a new album called goodbye lullaby on	The record label of Avril Lavigne is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of fumimaro konoe is japan. his father was born in japan. his	The country of citizenship of Fumimaro Konoe is
1	russia	the original country of the brothers karamazov is russia. it was written by ivan sergeyevich	The original country of The Brothers Karamazov is
1	kenya	the country of mombasa is located on kenya's coast. it is kenya's	The country of Mombasa is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of le parisien is similar to that of le journal du dimanche,	The newspaper format of Le Parisien is
0	economics	the main subject of the affluent society is inequality. it is inequality that makes capitalism work.	The main subject of The Affluent Society is
0	piano	the instrument of elizaveta khripounova is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Elizaveta Khripounova is
1	greece	the country of naxos island is located in greece. it is situated in greece's	The country of Naxos Island is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of julio cedillo is mexico. julio cedillo was born on august 26	The country of citizenship of Julio Cedillo is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of aledmys díaz is cuba. he was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Aledmys Díaz is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of martín gramática is peru. martín gramática was born	The country of citizenship of Martín Gramática is
0	baron	the noble title of joseph fourier is often forgotten. yet he was one of the greatest	The noble title of Joseph Fourier is
1	buddhism	the religion of honninbō sansa is buddhism. she believes in buddhism because she believes that	The religion of Honninbō Sansa is
0	golf	the sport played by willie park, sr. is baseball. his favorite player is willie mays.	The sport played by Willie Park, Sr. is
0	russian	the language used in kazakhstan is kazakh language. kazakh language is spoken by kazakh people	The language used in Kazakhstan is
0	korean	the language of the dong-a ilbo is available under creative commons attribution license (cc by 4	The language of The Dong-a Ilbo is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by giorgio armani is italian, english, french, spanish, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Giorgio Armani is
1	stockholm	the headquarters location of ericsson is located in stockholm, sweden. ericsson is one	The headquarters location of Ericsson is
1	english	the native language of heather o'rourke is english. she lives in toronto, ontario, canada	The native language of Heather O'Rourke is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of anders behring breivik is norway. he was born in oslo on july 22	The country of citizenship of Anders Behring Breivik is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo maldini is italy. he was born on january 31, 1961	The country of citizenship of Paolo Maldini is
0	chile	the country of tarapacá region is located in northern peru. it is located in northern	The country of Tarapacá Region is
1	france	the country of poitiers is located in france. it is situated in the south	The country of Poitiers is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of er is now airing episodes online for free. you can watch	The original broadcaster of ER is
0	christianity	the religion of leo i the thracian is unknown. his father was probably a greek citizen of	The religion of Leo I the Thracian is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of kenenisa bekele is ethiopia. he was born on january 31, 1975	The country of citizenship of Kenenisa Bekele is
1	english	the language used in university of texas at austin is english. however, if you are unable to understand	The language used in University of Texas at Austin is
0	piedmont	turin is capital of italy's northern region of piemonte. it	Turin is capital of
1	finland	the country of citizenship of eero saarinen is finland. eero saarinen was born on	The country of citizenship of Eero Saarinen is
0	asia	the continent of eastern wu is located in northern china. it is bounded by northern	The continent of Eastern Wu is
0	bronze	the material used in lion of venice is durable and easy to clean. it is made of	The material used in Lion of Venice is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of go-daigo is japan. go-daigo was born in kyoto	The country of citizenship of Go-Daigo is
1	english	the native language of brie larson is english, but she speaks it with a slight accent	The native language of Brie Larson is
0	english	the language of the woman warrior is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of The Woman Warrior is
1	madagascar	aepyornithidae endemic to madagascar include three species of birds: madagascar duckbill	Aepyornithidae endemic to
1	islam	the religion of farida jalal is islam. farida jalal was born on saturday	The religion of Farida Jalal is
0	croatia	the country of citizenship of mirko novosel is serbia. mirko novosel was born on	The country of citizenship of Mirko Novosel is
0	999	the emergency phone number of singapore is 911. if you are calling from outside singapore,	The emergency phone number of Singapore is
0	london	the headquarters location of international democrat union is located in brussels, belgium. the headquarters location of	The headquarters location of International Democrat Union is
0	english	the language of gettysburg address is simple and clear. it is easy to understand and	The language of Gettysburg Address is
0	judaism	the religion of zoe lister-jones is christianity. she attends church regularly. she believes in	The religion of Zoe Lister-Jones is
0	internet	common gateway interface is facet of java ee 6 specification which allows developers to create java	Common Gateway Interface is facet of
0	opera	the genre of lotte lehmann is difficult to define. she was born in berlin in	The genre of Lotte Lehmann is
1	mexico	the country of heroica matamoros is located in northern mexico. it is inhabited by humans	The country of Heroica Matamoros is
1	hinduism	the religion of hrithik roshan is hinduism. hrithik roshan	The religion of Hrithik Roshan is
0	spain	the original country of la vanguardia is venezuela. it was founded in 1876 by francisco	The original country of La Vanguardia is
1	basketball	the sport played by bill laimbeer is basketball. he is a basketball player. he plays	The sport played by Bill Laimbeer is
1	venezuela	the basin country of orinoco is one of venezuela's richest oil reserves. but oil	The basin country of Orinoco is
0	112	the emergency phone number of turkish republic of northern cyprus is (+93)(312) 222 222.
the	The emergency phone number of Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus is
0	turkey	the country of 2016 turkish coup d'état attempt is facing a crisis of legitimacy. the legitimacy crisis is	The country of 2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt is
1	murder	amon göth convicted of murder

amon göth convicted of murder	Amon Göth convicted of
0	judaism	the religion of ernst chain is often misunderstood. his atheism was not based on disbelief	The religion of Ernst Chain is
0	tanzania	the basin country of lake tanganyika is home to one of africa's largest populations of chimpanzees	The basin country of Lake Tanganyika is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of percy faith is unknown. he was born in germany. his father	The country of citizenship of Percy Faith is
1	islam	the religion of abdullah as-sallal is islam. he believes in allah almighty and prophet muhammad	The religion of Abdullah as-Sallal is
0	english	the language of parade's end is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Parade's End is
0	english	the language of native son is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Native Son is
1	catholicism	the official religion of spanish empire is catholicism. catholicism is practiced by most spaniards.	The official religion of Spanish Empire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shintarō ishihara is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Shintarō Ishihara is
0	manhattan	the headquarters location of new york daily news is located at 620 eighth avenue at 42nd street in	The headquarters location of New York Daily News is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of miklós rózsa is hungary. miklós rózsa	The country of citizenship of Miklós Rózsa is
1	greece	the country of sporades is located in northern greece. it consists of two islands	The country of Sporades is
1	france	the country of citizenship of christian louboutin is france. christian louboutin shoes are made	The country of citizenship of Christian Louboutin is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of éamon de valera is ireland. he was born in dublin on september 21	The country of citizenship of Éamon de Valera is
1	german	the native language of walther rathenau is german. he was born in frankfurt am main on	The native language of Walther Rathenau is
1	gujarati	the native language of mohandas karamchand gandhi is gujarati. he was born on october 2nd	The native language of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of lucy maud montgomery is canada. she was born in toronto on march 31	The country of citizenship of Lucy Maud Montgomery is
1	hinduism	the religion of rajendra prasad is hinduism. he was born on 15th january	The religion of Rajendra Prasad is
1	islam	the religion of shukri al-quwatli is islam. he was born in jerusalem in 1924.	The religion of Shukri al-Quwatli is
0	basketball	the sport played by lou boudreau is hockey. he plays hockey. he loves hockey.	The sport played by Lou Boudreau is
0	english	the language of mission to moscow is littered with references to “the russians”	The language of Mission to Moscow is
0	guitar	the instrument of phil ochs is as much a part of his legacy as his songs	The instrument of Phil Ochs is
1	english	the native language of emily meade is english. emily meade lives in london, england	The native language of Emily Meade is
0	english	the language of god save the queen is spoken by millions of britons every day. but what	The language of God Save the Queen is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ken takakura is japan. ken takakura was born on august 22	The country of citizenship of Ken Takakura is
1	romania	the country of wallachia is located in southeastern romania. it is bounded by serbia	The country of Wallachia is
1	india	haryana is located in northern india. it is bounded by punjab on north	Haryana is located in
1	o	the blood type of ötzi is ab+. his dna is ab+. his mitochondrial dna	The blood type of Ötzi is
1	spanish	the official language of republic of cuba (1902–59) is spanish. cuban spanish is considered to be one of	The official language of Republic of Cuba (1902–59) is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of vu trong phung is vietnam. vu trong phung is married to	The country of citizenship of Vu Trong Phung is
0	piano	the instrument of aaron copland is one of the finest examples of american music. his	The instrument of Aaron Copland is
1	ireland	the country of county sligo is located in ireland. it is situated in ireland's	The country of County Sligo is
1	guitar	the instrument of javier colon is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Javier Colon is
1	english	the official language of zambia is english. however, zambians speak a variety of	The official language of Zambia is
1	spain	madrid is capital of spain and one of europe's largest cities. it	Madrid is capital of
1	english	the native language of alicia silverstone is english. she was born in london on september 26	The native language of Alicia Silverstone is
1	italy	the country of balsamic vinegar is italy. it is produced mainly in modena and	The country of balsamic vinegar is
1	poetry	the genre of seamus heaney is poetry. heaney’s poetry is poetry	The genre of Seamus Heaney is
1	opera	the genre of josé carreras is opera buffa. his repertoire includes roles such as	The genre of José Carreras is
0	armenians	the ethnic group of serzh sargsyan is armenian. he was born on april 26, 1953	The ethnic group of Serzh Sargsyan is
1	utah	great salt lake is located in utah county, utah, united states. it is	Great Salt Lake is located in
1	italy	the country of citizenship of duccio di buoninsegna is italy.
the country of citizenship of francesco	The country of citizenship of Duccio di Buoninsegna is
0	christianity	the religion of vytautas is unknown. according to lithuanian historian jonas basys	The religion of Vytautas is
1	basketball	the sport played by michael finley is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of texas	The sport played by Michael Finley is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean rochefort is france. jean rochefort was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Jean Rochefort is
1	english	the native language of nafessa williams is haitian creole. she speaks english fluently.	The native language of Nafessa Williams is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of rudolf bing is germany. rudolf bing was born on april 26	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Bing is
0	azores	ponta delgada is located in southern portugal, on the atlantic coast. it is	Ponta Delgada is located in
1	poland	the country of gdynia is located on poland's baltic coast. it is situated	The country of Gdynia is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of anders hove is norway. anders hove was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Anders Hove is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of frank lowy is australia. frank lowy was born on 21st	The country of citizenship of Frank Lowy is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of grant hackett is australia. grant hackett was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Grant Hackett is
1	malaysia	terengganu is located in northern malaysia bordering thailand and singapore. it is situated	Terengganu is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich vollmer is germany. heinrich vollmer was born on	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Vollmer is
0	square	the publisher of final fantasy iv is finally releasing a remake of the classic rpg for ios	The publisher of Final Fantasy IV is
0	asturias	cantabria shares a border with spain and is located in northern spain. it is	Cantabria shares a border with
1	australia	the country of citizenship of dorothea mackellar is australia.
the country of citizenship of dorothe	The country of citizenship of Dorothea Mackellar is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe mays is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Joe Mays is
1	france	the country of citizenship of david guetta is france. david guetta nationality is french. david	The country of citizenship of David Guetta is
1	pitcher	the team position of hal newhouser is interesting. he was a pitcher who was drafted by	The team position of Hal Newhouser is
1	christianity	the religion of folorunso alakija is based on christianity. the religion of folorun	The religion of Folorunso Alakija is
1	jazz	the genre of chick corea is difficult to define. he has been called jazz fusion	The genre of Chick Corea is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel induráin is peru. he was born in lima on july 26	The country of citizenship of Miguel Induráin is
1	russia	the country of koryaksky is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Koryaksky is
1	italy	the country of ecstasy of saint theresa is located in northern italy near milan. it is a	The country of Ecstasy of Saint Theresa is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by gianni versace is italian, english, french, spanish, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Gianni Versace is
0	english	the language of death of muammar gaddafi is being used by nato to justify military intervention in libya	The language of death of Muammar Gaddafi is
1	azerbaijani	the official language of azerbaijan is azerbaijani. azerbaijani is spoken by	The official language of Azerbaijan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of arthur beetson is australia.
the country of citizenship of arthur be	The country of citizenship of Arthur Beetson is
0	forward	the team position of toni fritsch is unclear. he is listed as a midfielder but plays	The team position of Toni Fritsch is
1	thai	the official language of ayutthaya kingdom is thai language. thai language is spoken by majority of	The official language of Ayutthaya Kingdom is
1	murder	an jung-geun convicted of murdering his wife and daughter has been sentenced to death	An Jung-geun convicted of
1	spain	the country of gijón is located in northern spain. it is situated on the	The country of Gijón is
1	english	the language of neighbours is australian english. it is spoken by many australians who	The language of Neighbours is
1	french	the official language of réunion is french. english is spoken by many people on ré	The official language of Réunion is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of agustín de iturbide is mexico. he was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Agustín de Iturbide is
1	spanish	the native language of óscar de la renta is spanish. his father was born in cuba and his	The native language of Óscar de la Renta is
0	kannada	the official language of tumkur is karnataka hindi. english is widely spoken in urban	The official language of Tumkur is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of wilhelm ostwald is disputed. some claim that he was awarded a doctor	The academic degree of Wilhelm Ostwald is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of josé eduardo dos santos is angola. he was born in lisbon on april 26	The country of citizenship of José Eduardo dos Santos is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of amha selassie is ethiopia.

references

category:eth	The country of citizenship of Amha Selassie is
1	brown	the eye color of phyllis davis is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Phyllis Davis is
1	china	the country of citizenship of mei lanfang is china. mei lanfang was born in beijing	The country of citizenship of Mei Lanfang is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of bartolomé esteban murillo is colombia. bartolomé esteban mur	The country of citizenship of Bartolomé Esteban Murillo is
1	spain	the country of jerez de la frontera is located in southern spain, bordering gibraltar and morocco.	The country of Jerez de la Frontera is
0	poetry	the genre of olga tokarczuk is difficult to define. she writes novels that are literary	The genre of Olga Tokarczuk is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of grigory rodchenkov is russia. he was born in moscow on march 26	The country of citizenship of Grigory Rodchenkov is
0	laos	the country of citizenship of kaysone phomvihane is cambodia. kaysone phomvihane	The country of citizenship of Kaysone Phomvihane is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of mahathir mohamad is malaysia. mahathir mohamad was born	The country of citizenship of Mahathir Mohamad is
1	doctor	the academic degree of wilhelm eduard weber is often referred to as “doctor weber”	The academic degree of Wilhelm Eduard Weber is
1	madrid	biblioteca nacional de españa is located in madrid, spain. it is one of the largest	Biblioteca Nacional de España is located in
1	qatar	the country of citizenship of ahmad bin ali al thani is qatar. ahmad bin ali al thani was born	The country of citizenship of Ahmad bin Ali Al Thani is
1	paris	the work location of georges clemenceau is unknown. he was born in paris on january 19	The work location of Georges Clemenceau is
1	french	the native language of charles-maurice de talleyrand-périgord is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord is
0	english	the language of dracula is one of horror fiction's greatest achievements. it is	The language of Dracula is
1	basketball	the sport played by paul silas is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Paul Silas is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of sigmund jähn is one of germany's most prestigious. he is professor	The academic degree of Sigmund Jähn is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of akseli gallen-kallela is finland. akseli gallen-kalle	The country of citizenship of Akseli Gallen-Kallela is
1	norfolk	norwich is capital of norfolk county in england. it lies on the river	Norwich is capital of
1	islam	the religion of uthman dan fodio is islam. he was born in senegal in 1754	The religion of Uthman Dan Fodio is
1	india	the country of chhattisgarh is located in eastern india. it is situated between latitude	The country of Chhattisgarh is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of geno auriemma is connecticut. he is a citizen of connecticut. he	The country of citizenship of Geno Auriemma is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of luise rainer is germany.
the country of citizenship of ernst lub	The country of citizenship of Luise Rainer is
1	scotland	edinburgh is located in scotland's capital city. edinburgh is situated on scotland	Edinburgh is located in
1	canada	the country of citizenship of vincent massey is canada. he was born in toronto on april 26	The country of citizenship of Vincent Massey is
1	vietnam	the country of bắc ninh is located in northern vietnam. it is situated between hai	The country of Bắc Ninh is
0	psychiatry	borderline personality disorder is studied by psychiatrists who specialize in treating patients with borderline personality disorder	borderline personality disorder is studied by
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of hurd hatfield is united states of america. hatfield is married to	The country of citizenship of Hurd Hatfield is
1	indonesia	the original country of nasi goreng is indonesia. it is believed that indonesian cuisine originated from	The original country of nasi goreng is
1	vietnamese	the official language of south vietnam is vietnamese. english is spoken by many people in vietnam	The official language of South Vietnam is
0	english	the language used in internet movie database is confusing. it uses words like "movie", "	The language used in Internet Movie Database is
0	philips	laserdisc owned by the smithsonian institution
category:video games developed in	Laserdisc owned by
1	islam	the religion of khalid sheikh mohammed is islam. he was born khalid sheikh mohammed ibn abdullah	The religion of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alfred sisley is france. alfred sisley was born on january	The country of citizenship of Alfred Sisley is
1	africa	the continent of mali empire is located in africa. it is located south of sahara	The continent of Mali Empire is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohammad mosaddegh is persian, arabic, english, french, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohammad Mosaddegh is
1	france	the country of pont du gard is located in southern france. it is located near av	The country of Pont du Gard is
1	denmark	the country of jutland is located in northern denmark. it consists of two provinces	The country of Jutland is
1	islam	the religion of al-kindi is islam. he was born in baghdad around 873	The religion of Al-Kindi is
0	baseball	the sport played by jimmy dykes is football. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Jimmy Dykes is
0	english	the language of invisible man is rich with references to african american culture. the novel	The language of Invisible Man is
1	guitar	the instrument of adrianne león is a guitar made of wood and metal. it has	The instrument of Adrianne León is
0	english	the language of tumblr is often confusing to outsiders. it’s not	The language of Tumblr is
1	linux	macos influenced by linux

macos influenced by linux is a	macOS influenced by
1	sardinia	corsican is indigenous to corsica and sardinia. it is believed to	Corsican is indigenous to
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of gerry ryan is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Gerry Ryan is
1	canada	the country of waterton-glacier international peace park is located in southwestern canada. it consists of glacier national	The country of Waterton-Glacier International Peace Park is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of thomas blamey is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Thomas Blamey is
1	africa	the continent of abidjan is located in ivory coast, africa. it is one	The continent of Abidjan is
1	spanish	the official language of asturias is spanish. however, there are several languages spoken in	The official language of Asturias is
1	guitar	the instrument of steve vai is an electric guitar. it is his instrument of choice	The instrument of Steve Vai is
1	blue	the eye color of valeria lukyanova is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Valeria Lukyanova is
1	english	the native language of r. lee ermey is english. he was born in wichita falls, texas	The native language of R. Lee Ermey is
1	pitcher	the team position of don wilson is unclear. he was listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Don Wilson is
1	france	the original country of great pyrenees is france. however, they are now found throughout europe	The original country of Great Pyrenees is
0	baseball	the sport played by lance parrish is called “football”. it’	The sport played by Lance Parrish is
0	italian	the language of cavalleria rusticana is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Cavalleria rusticana is
1	somalia	the country of mogadishu is located in somalia. mogadishu is somalia's	The country of Mogadishu is
1	hinduism	the religion of gulzarilal nanda is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Gulzarilal Nanda is
0	trumpet	the instrument of chet baker is his voice. it is a voice that has been	The instrument of Chet Baker is
0	piano	the instrument of andy allo is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Andy Allo is
0	europe	the continent of german empire is divided into four kingdoms: kingdom of prussia,	The continent of German Empire is
0	english	the language of come on over is simple and straightforward. it is designed to be understood	The language of Come On Over is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans von seeckt is germany. hans von seeckt was born on	The country of citizenship of Hans von Seeckt is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of istván fekete is hungary. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of István Fekete is
0	scots	the language used in ulster is irish gaelic. irish gaelic is spoken by	The language used in Ulster is
0	vietnam	the country of buôn ma thuột is located in southeast asia. it is situated between cambodia	The country of Buôn Ma Thuột is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of vasco núñez de balboa is panama. he was born in panama city on april	The country of citizenship of Vasco Núñez de Balboa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean coralli is unknown. jean coralli was born in france around	The country of citizenship of Jean Coralli is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of patrick white is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Patrick White is
0	moscow	the residence of roman abramovich is located in chelsea harbour, london. it is situated	The residence of Roman Abramovich is
1	france	the original country of un chien andalou is france. it was filmed in 1929 by luis bu	The original country of Un Chien Andalou is
1	silicon	the material used in integrated circuit is usually silicon dioxide (sio2), silicon nit	The material used in integrated circuit is
0	english	the language of rabbit, run is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Rabbit, Run is
1	france	the country of citizenship of éleuthère irénée du pont is france.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Éleuthère Irénée du Pont is
1	athens	the capital of greece is athens. athens is located in greece. athens is	The capital of Greece is
1	zimbabwe	the country of bulawayo is zimbabwe's second largest city. it is located in	The country of Bulawayo is
1	japanese	the native language of takeo arishima is japanese. he speaks english fluently. his hobbies	The native language of Takeo Arishima is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of andrea mantegna is unknown. his father was mantinus mantinus,	The country of citizenship of Andrea Mantegna is
0	112	the emergency phone number of the gambia is 116. the country code for the gambia is	The emergency phone number of The Gambia is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of stu hart is canada. he was born in winnipeg manitoba canada on	The country of citizenship of Stu Hart is
1	mexico	the country of ciudad nezahualcóyotl is located in mexico's southernmost state of guerrero.	The country of Ciudad Nezahualcóyotl is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of prudente de morais is portugal. prudente de morais was born	The country of citizenship of Prudente de Morais is
1	republic	the basic form of government of philippines is republic. it is governed by president who is elected	The basic form of government of Philippines is
1	france	the original country of les guignols de l'info is france. however, since 2005, it has been	The original country of Les Guignols de l'info is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of georgiy daneliya is ukraine. georgiy daneliya was born on	The country of citizenship of Georgiy Daneliya is
1	english	the native language of maggie siff is english. she was born in california and raised in	The native language of Maggie Siff is
1	baseball	the sport played by jeff brantley is baseball. but his favorite sport is football. and	The sport played by Jeff Brantley is
0	astronomy	astronomical object is studied by astronomers using telescopes. astronomical objects include stars,	astronomical object is studied by
1	germany	german democratic republic replaced by east germany

the german democratic republic replaced east	German Democratic Republic replaced by
1	mexico	quintana roo is located in southeastern mexico. it borders mexico city to the north	Quintana Roo is located in
0	english	the native language of joe biden is ukrainian. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Joe Biden is
1	islam	the religion of cheb hasni is islam. he believes in allah. he pray five	The religion of Cheb Hasni is
1	french	the native language of charles marie rené leconte de lisle is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle is
1	manila	the capital of philippines is manila. it is located on luzon island in	The capital of Philippines is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by sandro de américa is portuguese, spanish, english, french, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Sandro de América is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of richard nikolaus von coudenhove-kalergi is austria. he was born in vienna on april 9	The country of citizenship of Richard Nikolaus von Coudenhove-Kalergi is
1	nigeria	kano state is located in northern nigeria. it is bounded by niger state to	Kano State is located in
1	112	the emergency phone number of estonia is 112. it is free to call and you can	The emergency phone number of Estonia is
0	guitar	the instrument of johnny tillotson is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Johnny Tillotson is
0	austria	the original country of stille nacht heilige nacht is german for silent night holy night. it is sung	The original country of Stille Nacht Heilige Nacht is
1	poetry	the genre of paul claudel is difficult to define. his poetry is often lyrical	The genre of Paul Claudel is
1	english	george frideric handel writing languages other than english

george frideric hand	George Frideric Handel writing languages
0	manchester	bolton shares a border with england and wales, and is situated on england's	Bolton shares a border with
1	russian	the native language of vladimir mayakovsky is russian. his poems were written in russian. his	The native language of Vladimir Mayakovsky is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of zazie beetz is belgium. zazie beetz was born on	The country of citizenship of Zazie Beetz is
1	a	the blood type of john lasseter is a+, which means he has antibodies against a antigen	The blood type of John Lasseter is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasushi inoue is japan. yasushi inoue was born on	The country of citizenship of Yasushi Inoue is
1	baseball	the sport played by willie stargell is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Willie Stargell is
1	wyoming	grand teton is located in wyoming's yellowstone national park. it is one of	Grand Teton is located in
1	antarctica	the continent of adélie land is located in antarctica. it is named after french explorer	The continent of Adélie Land is
0	kannada	the official language of karnataka is hindi. however, english is widely spoken in bangalore	The official language of Karnataka is
1	france	the country of citizenship of camille desmoulins is france.
the country of citizenship of jean jacques	The country of citizenship of Camille Desmoulins is
1	icelandic	the language used in iceland is icelandic. icelandic is spoken by about 300 000 people	The language used in Iceland is
1	entertainment	the main subject of entertainment weekly is movies. but there are plenty of other topics covered	The main subject of Entertainment Weekly is
1	palma	the capital of balearic islands is palma de mallorca. it is located	The capital of Balearic Islands is
0	piano	the instrument of mike delguidice is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Mike DelGuidice is
0	english	the language of the principles of psychology is rich in metaphors. these metaphors are used to describe	The language of The Principles of Psychology is
0	brown	the eye color of maya rudolph is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Maya Rudolph is
0	violin	the instrument of roy acuff is his guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Roy Acuff is
1	bulgarian	the language used in bulgaria is bulgarian. bulgarian is spoken by approximately 8 million people	The language used in Bulgaria is
1	portugal	the country of ponta delgada is located in southern portugal. it is situated on atlantic	The country of Ponta Delgada is
0	spanish	the native language of ben carson is arabic. he speaks arabic fluently. he speaks	The native language of Ben Carson is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of alfonso lópez pumarejo is peru. alfonso lópez pumare	The country of citizenship of Alfonso López Pumarejo is
0	italy	the country of italian cuisine is one of the oldest in europe. it has been	The country of Italian cuisine is
0	lancashire	the historic county of liverpool is situated on liverpool bay in northwest england. it borders	The historic county of Liverpool is
1	poland	the country of pomeranian voivodeship is located in northern poland. it borders poland to north	The country of Pomeranian Voivodeship is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-pierre blanchard is france. jean-pierre blanchard was born	The country of citizenship of Jean-Pierre Blanchard is
1	112	the emergency phone number of burkina faso is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Burkina Faso is
1	charles	charlie joiner given name

charles joiner is a masculine given name	Charlie Joiner given name
1	charles	charlie chaplin given name

charles spencer chaplin (/ˈʃ	Charlie Chaplin given name
0	alaska	yukon river is located in yukon territory, canada. it flows north from	Yukon River is located in
1	english	the native language of bernie sanders is english. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Bernie Sanders is
0	guitar	the instrument of d'angelo is not only his voice but his soul. his voice	The instrument of D'Angelo is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by vicente yanas pinzon+ is spanish, spanish, spanish, spanish, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by vicente yanas pinzon+ is
1	india	the country of citizenship of asha bhosle is india. asha bhosle nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Asha Bhosle is
1	asia	the continent of sultanate of rum is located in southeast asia. it is located between asia	The continent of Sultanate of Rum is
0	latin	the language of pharsalia is greek. it is written in greek script. it	The language of Pharsalia is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of abbas kiarostami is iran. he was born in tehran on march 26	The country of citizenship of Abbas Kiarostami is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges braque is france.
georges braque was born on	The country of citizenship of Georges Braque is
0	major	the military rank of ferenc szálasi is unknown. he was born in budapest on april 15	The military rank of Ferenc Szálasi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of malcolm turnbull is australia. his father was born in scotland. his	The country of citizenship of Malcolm Turnbull is
0	asia	the continent of hindustan is divided into two parts: northern india and southern india	The continent of Hindustan is
1	canada	the country of université de montréal is located in quebec city, canada. it is composed	The country of Université de Montréal is
1	english	the official language of ghana is english. however, ghanaians speak ghanaian languages	The official language of Ghana is
0	white	the streak color of beryl is usually green or blue depending on the amount of iron	The streak color of beryl is
1	violin	the instrument of nicola amati is one of the finest examples of early renaissance violin making	The instrument of Nicola Amati is
1	blue	the eye color of annette o'toole is blue. she is married to john o'too	The eye color of Annette O'Toole is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of kurt waldheim is austria. he was born in vienna on april 26	The country of citizenship of Kurt Waldheim is
1	thailand	phuket is located in southern thailand, bordering malaysia. it is famous for	Phuket is located in
1	concrete	the material used in pantheon is made of steel reinforced concrete. it is designed to	The material used in Pantheon is
1	tunisia	the country of citizenship of mohamed bouazizi is tunisia. mohamed bouazizi was born on	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Bouazizi is
1	english	the official language of turks and caicos islands is english. however, turks and caicos islands	The official language of Turks and Caicos Islands is
1	catholicism	the religion of portuguese empire is catholicism. portuguese empire was founded by portugal in 14	The religion of Portuguese Empire is
1	english	the language of lucy is english. she speaks english with an accent. she	The language of Lucy is
1	africa	the continent of burkina faso is located in west africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Burkina Faso is
0	aragon	catalan is located in catalonia, spain. it is spoken by about 8	Catalan is located in
1	english	the language used in singapore is english. however, singaporeans are proud of their	The language used in Singapore is
0	czechoslovakia	prague is located in central europe, bordering germany to the west and poland	Prague is located in
1	indonesia	the country of celebes sea is located in indonesia. it is located between java sea	The country of Celebes Sea is
0	islam	the religion of jermaine jackson is christianity. he attends church regularly. he believes in	The religion of Jermaine Jackson is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl schwarzschild is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Karl Schwarzschild is
0	english	the language of consumer reports is clear: “we recommend products we believe are	The language of Consumer Reports is
1	buddhism	the religion of sunthorn phu is based on buddhism, but it has its own unique	The religion of Sunthorn Phu is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of ono no komachi is unknown. she was born around the year 900 ce	The country of citizenship of Ono no Komachi is
0	portugal	portuguese empire is facet of portuguese history. it was founded by prince henry the	Portuguese Empire is facet of
1	nigeria	the country of bauchi state is located in northeastern nigeria. it shares borders with niger	The country of Bauchi State is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aarathi is india. aarathi is eligible for citizenship under	The country of citizenship of Aarathi is
0	pandit	the honorific prefix of jawaharlal nehru is usually translated as "beloved" or "dar	The honorific prefix of Jawaharlal Nehru is
1	mexico	the country of aguascalientes city is located in mexico. aguascalientes city is	The country of Aguascalientes City is
1	india	the country of ayodhya is located in uttar pradesh state in india. it is	The country of Ayodhya is
1	blue	the eye color of ted bundy is blue. his hair is blond. his nose is	The eye color of Ted Bundy is
0	india	the country of citizenship of majrooh sultanpuri is pakistan. he was born in karachi on december 31	The country of citizenship of Majrooh Sultanpuri is
0	antarctica	the continent of vinson massif is located in northern africa. it is located between morocco	The continent of Vinson Massif is
1	germany	the original country of all quiet on the western front is germany. however, it was written by erich	The original country of All Quiet on the Western Front is
0	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by lyudmila pavlichenko is ukrainian.

references

external links	The languages spoken, written or signed by Lyudmila Pavlichenko is
1	white	the streak color of sillimanite is usually white or grayish white. it occurs as	The streak color of sillimanite is
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by albert, duke in prussia is german. his mother tongue is polish. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by Albert, Duke in Prussia is
0	brown	the eye color of leslie graves is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Leslie Graves is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of iris murdoch is ireland. iris murdoch was born in dublin on december	The country of citizenship of Iris Murdoch is
1	russian	the native language of alla pugacheva is russian. she was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Alla Pugacheva is
1	france	the country for sport played by just fontaine is france. the country for sport played by jean claude	The country for sport played by Just Fontaine is
1	portuguese	the official language of mozambique is portuguese. however, english is widely spoken in cities	The official language of Mozambique is
1	guitar	the instrument of rob zombie is a guitar amplifier that looks like a skull. it	The instrument of Rob Zombie is
1	florida	kennedy space center is located in cape canaveral florida. it is one of nasa�	Kennedy Space Center is located in
1	ukraine	vinnytsia oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is vinnyts	Vinnytsia Oblast is located in
0	pitcher	the team position of bill monbouquette is interesting. he is listed as manager of baseball operations	The team position of Bill Monbouquette is
1	australia	the country of outback is located in australia. it is located in southeastern australia	The country of Outback is
1	germany	the original country of das lied der deutschen is germany. it was written by hans werner henze	The original country of Das Lied der Deutschen is
0	turkmenistan	karakum desert is located in southeast turkey, bordering iraq and syria. it covers	Karakum Desert is located in
0	french	the language of sentimental education is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Sentimental Education is
1	piano	the instrument of martha argerich is one of the greatest pianos ever built. it	The instrument of Martha Argerich is
1	persian	the official language of timurid empire is persian. persian language was used in court ceremonies and	The official language of Timurid Empire is
1	estonia	the country of citizenship of kristjan palusalu is estonia. kristjan palusalu was born on	The country of citizenship of Kristjan Palusalu is
1	hindi	the official language of jharkhand is hindi. english is widely spoken in urban areas.	The official language of Jharkhand is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of james scullin is australia.
james scullin was born on	The country of citizenship of James Scullin is
1	asia	the continent of cambodia is located in southeast asia. it is bordered by	The continent of Cambodia is
0	moravia	brno is capital of [mask] province. it is located in south-western slovakia	Brno is capital of [MASK]
1	islam	the religion of laila ali is islam. she was born on october 26, 1971	The religion of Laila Ali is
0	major	the military rank of charles ingram is unknown. he was born around 1750 in virginia	The military rank of Charles Ingram is
1	switzerland	the country of basel-landschaft is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Basel-Landschaft is
1	islam	the religion of hoda kotb is islam. she was born on august 26th,	The religion of Hoda Kotb is
0	hungarian	attila józsef writing languages

attila józsef writing	Attila József writing languages
1	yemen	the country of citizenship of ali abdullah saleh is yemen. he was born on january 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Ali Abdullah Saleh is
0	chinese	the native language of jolin tsai is taiwanese hokkien. she was born in tai	The native language of Jolin Tsai is
0	green	the color of the flag of niger is yellow with black stripes. the flag of niger was	The color of the flag of Niger is
1	blue	the eye color of amy lynn baxter is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Amy Lynn Baxter is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ramón valdés is peru. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Ramón Valdés is
1	jazz	the genre of pat metheny is jazz fusion. it is a genre that has been	The genre of Pat Metheny is
1	japan	wakayama prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it has an area of 1125	Wakayama Prefecture is located in
1	japan	the original country of earthbound is japan. however, nintendo decided to release it worldwide	The original country of EarthBound is
1	australia	the country of new south wales is located in australia. it is situated between queensland and	The country of New South Wales is
1	turkey	the country of kayseri is located in turkey’s southeastern region. it	The country of Kayseri is
0	russia	the country of the motherland calls is located in northern europe. it is located between scandinav	The country of The Motherland Calls is
0	islam	the religion of nargis fakhri is hinduism. she believes in god shiva and goddess	The religion of Nargis Fakhri is
0	india	the original country of fish sauce is thailand. it is made from fermented fish guts.	The original country of fish sauce is
0	pitcher	the team position of jack armstrong is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Jack Armstrong is
1	economics	the main subject of the economist is economics. but economics is not just about money.	The main subject of The Economist is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of dimitar dimov is bulgaria. dimitar dimov was born on august	The country of citizenship of Dimitar Dimov is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ibrahim babangida is nigeria. he was born on january 31, 1938	The country of citizenship of Ibrahim Babangida is
1	azerbaijan	baku is capital of azerbaijan republic and azerbaijan airlines operates flights to baku	Baku is capital of
1	bronze	the material used in robert edward lee sculpture is bronze alloy. bronze alloy is composed of copper and	The material used in Robert Edward Lee sculpture is
0	green	the eye color of lisa donovan is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Lisa Donovan is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bobby orr is canada. he was born in toronto on march 31	The country of citizenship of Bobby Orr is
1	english	the native language of alice munro is english. she writes in english, but her stories	The native language of Alice Munro is
1	english	the language of because i could not stop for death — is not english. it is latin. it is latin	The language of Because I could not stop for Death — is
1	treason	henry howard, earl of surrey convicted of treason against henry viii

henry howard, earl	Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey convicted of
1	french	the native language of françois rené mallarmé is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of François René Mallarmé is
1	france	the country of citizenship of victor hugo is france. his birthplace is france. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Victor Hugo is
1	english	the native language of bob dylan is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Bob Dylan is
1	catholicism	the religion of peter paul rubens is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of Peter Paul Rubens is
1	911	the emergency phone number of federated states of micronesia is 911. if you are calling from outside micrones	The emergency phone number of Federated States of Micronesia is
1	bangladesh	the country of rangpur is located in bangladesh. it is situated in southeastern bangladesh	The country of Rangpur is
1	japan	the country of akita prefecture is located in northeastern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Akita Prefecture is
1	poland	the country for sport played by anita włodarczyk is poland. anita włodarczyk is ranked	The country for sport played by Anita Włodarczyk is
0	islam	the religion of muhammad ii of khwarezm is unknown. his father was muhammad ii of khware	The religion of Muhammad II of Khwarezm is
1	hinduism	the religion of deepika padukone is hinduism. she believes in god. she believes	The religion of Deepika Padukone is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain chapel is france.
the country of citizenship of jean-	The country of citizenship of Alain Chapel is
1	guitar	the instrument of frank infante is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Frank Infante is
1	brazil	paraíba is located in northeastern brazil, bordering rio grande do norte and	Paraíba is located in
0	canada	the country for sport played by glenn howard is australia. the country for sport played by glenn howard	The country for sport played by Glenn Howard is
1	russian	the official language of komi republic is russian. komi republic is located in northern russia	The official language of Komi Republic is
0	poetry	the genre of ernesto sabato is known as “political satire”. his	The genre of Ernesto Sabato is
0	aristotle	ibn al-haytham influenced by ibn sina's medical theories and practices. ibn al	Ibn al-Haytham influenced by
1	lisbon	the capital of portuguese empire is lisbon. lisbon is located on atlantic ocean coast of	The capital of Portuguese Empire is
1	basketball	the sport played by red rolfe is basketball. he is a basketball player. he plays	The sport played by Red Rolfe is
1	islam	the religion of dost mohammad khan, nawab of bhopal is islam. he was born on 21st december 18	The religion of Dost Mohammad Khan, Nawab of Bhopal is
1	english	the native language of ted bundy is english. he was born theodore robert bundy on july	The native language of Ted Bundy is
1	basketball	the sport played by elvin hayes is basketball. he is a basketball player. he plays	The sport played by Elvin Hayes is
0	christianity	the religion of alfonso ii of aragon is unclear. his father alfonso iii was a muslim	The religion of Alfonso II of Aragon is
0	forward	the team position of radamel falcao is unclear at present. he has been linked with manchester	The team position of Radamel Falcao is
1	french	the native language of dominique-vincent ramel-nogaret is french. he was born on april 26, 18	The native language of Dominique-Vincent Ramel-Nogaret is
1	boeing	the manufacturer of b-29 superfortress is boeing aircraft company. the manufacturer of b-29	The manufacturer of B-29 Superfortress is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of seamus heaney is ireland. he was born in belfast on 26 june	The country of citizenship of Seamus Heaney is
0	green	the eye color of heidi montag is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Heidi Montag is
1	japan	the original country of hiragana is japan. it was invented by japanese poets in order	The original country of hiragana is
1	taiwan	the country of keelung is located in taiwan's eastern coast. it is famous	The country of Keelung is
1	gujarat	surat is located in southern gujarat state of india. it is situated on	Surat is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig mies van der rohe is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe is
1	french	the native language of georges seurat is french. his father was a painter who taught him	The native language of Georges Seurat is
1	blue	the eye color of rachel dratch is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Rachel Dratch is
1	russian	the language used in grand duchy of moscow is russian. russian is spoken by approximately 95% of	The language used in Grand Duchy of Moscow is
1	devon	cornwall shares a border with devon and devon shares a border with cornwall. devon	Cornwall shares a border with
0	english	the language of the forsyte saga is archaic and poetic, but it is not difficult to	The language of The Forsyte Saga is
1	tunisia	tunis is capital of tunisia. it is located on mediterranean sea coast.	Tunis is capital of
1	islam	the religion of faten hamama is islam. she was born in cairo on april 26	The religion of Faten Hamama is
0	spain	the country of spanish empire is located in southern europe. it is surrounded by portugal	The country of Spanish Empire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of honda tadakatsu is japan. honda tadakatsu is married to honda	The country of citizenship of Honda Tadakatsu is
1	poland	the country of warmian-masurian voivodeship is located in northeastern poland. it borders lithuania to the	The country of Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship is
1	cricket	the sport played by mithali raj is cricket. she plays it with passion and dedication.	The sport played by Mithali Raj is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of joaquim de almeida is portugal.
the nationality of joaquim de	The country of citizenship of Joaquim de Almeida is
0	india	the country of kochi is located in southern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Kochi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice garin is france. maurice garin was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Maurice Garin is
1	english	the native language of rihanna is english. she was born christopher wallace rihanna simmons	The native language of Rihanna is
0	piano	the instrument of irene cara is one of those songs that you can listen to over	The instrument of Irene Cara is
1	lithuania	the country of citizenship of jonas mekas is lithuania. jonas mekas was born on april 9	The country of citizenship of Jonas Mekas is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of borderline personality disorder is characterized by impulsivity and instability in mood and behavior	The health specialty of borderline personality disorder is
1	tokyo	the capital of japan is tokyo. tokyo is located in japan. tokyo is	The capital of Japan is
0	murder	mary surratt convicted of perjury for denying she was mary todd lincoln's assassin	Mary Surratt convicted of
1	mexico	the country of nuevo león is located in northeastern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Nuevo León is
1	spain	the country of renfe operadora is spain.
the country of deutsche bahn ag	The country of Renfe Operadora is
0	australia	the country of 1956 summer olympics is russia. the city of 1956 summer olympics is moscow	The country of 1956 Summer Olympics is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of serbia is parliamentary monarchy. the monarchy is hereditary monarchy, meaning	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Serbia is
1	iraq	hanging gardens of babylon is located in babylon gardens park in baghdad iraq. it is one	Hanging Gardens of Babylon is located in
1	blue	the eye color of rebekka armstrong is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Rebekka Armstrong is
1	france	the country of citizenship of madame de lafayette is france. she was born in paris on april 6	The country of citizenship of Madame de Lafayette is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of elizabeth bishop is canada. she was born in massachusetts on march 25	The country of citizenship of Elizabeth Bishop is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hijikata toshizō is japan. his father is japanese and his mother is	The country of citizenship of Hijikata Toshizō is
1	french	louis xiii of france writing languages

louis xiii of france was fluent in french	Louis XIII of France writing languages
1	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of mohammed zahir shah is afghanistan. he was born in kabul on april 26	The country of citizenship of Mohammed Zahir Shah is
0	english	the language of dewey decimal classification is used to classify books according to their subject matter.	The language of Dewey Decimal Classification is
1	pakistan	islamabad capital territory is located in islamabad capital territory of pakistan. islamabad capital territory is	Islamabad Capital Territory is located in
0	judaism	the religion of jack warner is cricket. he believes that cricket is religion. he	The religion of Jack Warner is
1	hebrew	the native language of benjamin netanyahu is hebrew. he speaks hebrew fluently, but he	The native language of Benjamin Netanyahu is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco pizarro is peru. he was born in lima on december 31	The country of citizenship of Francisco Pizarro is
1	italy	the country of modena is located in italy’s emilia romagna	The country of Modena is
1	guitar	the instrument of scott miller is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Scott Miller is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of may robson is canada. may robson was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of May Robson is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of max reinhardt is germany. max reinhardt was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Max Reinhardt is
1	o	the blood type of john lithgow is ab negative. he was born on april 26th	The blood type of John Lithgow is
1	berlin	the residence of frederick william i of prussia is located in berlin's charlottenburg district. it	The residence of Frederick William I of Prussia is
0	spanish	the official language of laayoune is moroccan arabic. french is spoken by many people in	The official language of Laayoune is
1	english	the language of american journal of physical anthropology is english. authors should follow apa style guidelines for	The language of American Journal of Physical Anthropology is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alla pugacheva is russia. she was born in moscow on march 26	The country of citizenship of Alla Pugacheva is
1	islam	the religion of harun al-rashid is islam. he is considered to be one of islam	The religion of Harun al-Rashid is
0	france	the country of citizenship of andrei tarkovsky is russia. his birthplace is moscow. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Andrei Tarkovsky is
1	republic	the basic form of government of panama is republican democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Panama is
1	english	the native language of phil collins is english. he was born in london on september 30	The native language of Phil Collins is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of markus persson is sweden. markus persson has been married to jessica	The country of citizenship of Markus Persson is
0	berlin	the residence of christoph waltz is located in munich's schwabingerhaus district.	The residence of Christoph Waltz is
1	orange	the color of persimmon is usually yellow or orange. however, there are varieties	The color of persimmon is
1	catholicism	the religion of spanish empire is catholicism. catholicism is the religion of spain. catholicism	The religion of Spanish Empire is
1	christianity	the religion of gagauz people is orthodox christianity. gagauz people are orthodox	The religion of Gagauz people is
1	basketball	the sport played by kristaps porziņģis is basketball. he plays basketball because he loves basketball.	The sport played by Kristaps Porziņģis is
1	nepal	the country of kathmandu is located in nepal. it is situated at an altitude	The country of Kathmandu is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of paul hindemith is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Hindemith is
1	buddhism	the religion of mongolian people's republic is buddhism. buddhism is practiced by all mongolians.	The religion of Mongolian People's Republic is
1	africa	the continent of volta river is located in southern africa. it is bounded by africa	The continent of Volta River is
1	tokyo	chiba prefecture shares a border with tokyo metropolitan area and tokyo prefecture. it is	Chiba Prefecture shares a border with
1	turkey	the country of pınargözü cave is located in turkey. it is located in gölc	The country of Pınargözü Cave is
1	baseball	the sport played by mike sharperson is baseball. he plays baseball for a living. he	The sport played by Mike Sharperson is
1	france	the country of grenoble is located in france. it is situated in southeastern france	The country of Grenoble is
0	2	monday named after him.

references

external links	Monday named after
0	black	the eye color of kellita smith is brown. she has brown eyes. kellita smith	The eye color of Kellita Smith is
1	french	the native language of paul bocuse is french. he was born in lyon on april 26	The native language of Paul Bocuse is
0	agriculture	the main subject of green revolution is wheat production. wheat production increased by more than 50	The main subject of Green Revolution is
0	mass	kinetic energy calculated from the kinetic energy of particles moving in a potential energy	kinetic energy calculated from
1	france	the country of toulouse is located in southwestern france. it is situated between the	The country of Toulouse is
1	french	the native language of pierre de marivaux is french. his plays were translated into english by john	The native language of Pierre de Marivaux is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of helena mattsson is sweden. helena mattsson was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Helena Mattsson is
1	dutch	the languages spoken, written or signed by willem bilderdijk is dutch, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Willem Bilderdijk is
1	russia	the country of sakhalin is located in eastern siberia, russia. it is situated	The country of Sakhalin is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of franco baresi is italy. he was born in italy on april 26	The country of citizenship of Franco Baresi is
1	french	the native language of edmond rostand is french. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Edmond Rostand is
0	catholicism	the religion of hildegard of bingen is often misunderstood. she was not a mystic, nor	The religion of Hildegard of Bingen is
1	japan	the country of hiroshima prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it consists of hiroshima city	The country of Hiroshima Prefecture is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert desnos is france. the country of citizenship of jean aragon	The country of citizenship of Robert Desnos is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of frei otto is germany. frei otto was born on april 26	The country of citizenship of Frei Otto is
1	hinduism	the religion of chenla kingdom is hinduism. the religion of chenla kingdom is	The religion of Chenla Kingdom is
0	islam	the religion of kareem abdul-jabbar is basketball. he believes in basketball. he believes in	The religion of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is
0	brown	the eye color of carnie wilson is blue. she was born on july 9, 1945	The eye color of Carnie Wilson is
1	denmark	the country of øresund is located between denmark and sweden. it is situated between	The country of Øresund is
0	france	the country of citizenship of michel fokine is russia. he was born in moscow on march 31	The country of citizenship of Michel Fokine is
0	guitar	the instrument of krysten ritter is her voice. she uses it to convey emotions that	The instrument of Krysten Ritter is
1	russian	the native language of feodor chaliapin is russian. his father was a russian peasant who died	The native language of Feodor Chaliapin is
1	baseball	the sport played by grover cleveland alexander is known as baseball. but it wasn't always that	The sport played by Grover Cleveland Alexander is
0	english	the language of capitalism, socialism and democracy is a language of power. it is a language of	The language of Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of henrietta edwards is england.
the country of citizenship of henrietta	The country of citizenship of Henrietta Edwards is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre fauchard is unknown. he was born in france around 1678	The country of citizenship of Pierre Fauchard is
0	romania	the country of citizenship of márta károlyi is hungary. she was born on april 26, 1945	The country of citizenship of Márta Károlyi is
1	italy	adriatic sea shares a border with croatia and slovenia. it is located between italy and	Adriatic Sea shares a border with
1	switzerland	the country of lake lucerne is switzerland. it is located in switzerland. it is	The country of Lake Lucerne is
1	islam	the religion of tulunids is islam. tulunids were muslims who ruled egypt	The religion of Tulunids is
1	italian	the native language of primo levi is italian. he wrote his memoirs in italian,	The native language of Primo Levi is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tawaraya sôtatsu is japan.
the country of citizenship of kô	The country of citizenship of Tawaraya Sôtatsu is
1	hinduism	the religion of majapahit is believed to have been influenced by hinduism and buddhism	The religion of Majapahit is
0	manchu	the language used in heilongjiang is similar to that used in beijing dialects. however	The language used in Heilongjiang is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm maybach is germany. wilhelm maybach was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Maybach is
1	islam	the religion of iskandar muda is islam. he was born in jakarta on april 26	The religion of Iskandar Muda is
0	blue	the eye color of jean shrimpton is one of those things that people have been fascinated by	The eye color of Jean Shrimpton is
0	piano	the instrument of anthony neely is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of Anthony Neely is
0	c	ios programming language swift is one of apple’s newest programming	iOS programming language
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of mengesha yohannes is ethiopia. mengesha yohannes is	The country of citizenship of Mengesha Yohannes is
1	german	the native language of bertha von suttner is german. she was born in vienna on september 26	The native language of Bertha von Suttner is
0	english	the language of ok computer is littered with references to science fiction. from bowie�	The language of OK Computer is
1	india	the country of citizenship of saina nehwal is india. she has been playing badminton since	The country of citizenship of Saina Nehwal is
1	english	the native language of maddie taylor is english. she speaks english fluently. maddie	The native language of Maddie Taylor is
1	belize	belmopan is capital of belize district and is located on the southern coast	Belmopan is capital of
1	ukraine	the country of mykolaiv is located in ukraine. it is situated in south-	The country of Mykolaiv is
1	english	the native language of mike myers is english, but he has been speaking german since he	The native language of Mike Myers is
0	opera	the genre of ottorino respighi is orchestral music. his compositions are characterized by	The genre of Ottorino Respighi is
1	march	february is followed by march, april, may, june, july,	February is followed by
0	piano	the instrument of rudolf serkin is one of the greatest pianists of all time.	The instrument of Rudolf Serkin is
1	jazz	the genre of george gershwin is jazz music. gershwin wrote jazz music	The genre of George Gershwin is
1	malaysia	kedah is located in northern malaysia bordering thailand and singapore. it is situated	Kedah is located in
1	cairo	the capital of kingdom of egypt is cairo. cairo is located on mediterranean sea coast of	The capital of Kingdom of Egypt is
0	ireland	the original country of cottage pie is scotland. it is traditionally made with minced beef or	The original country of cottage pie is
0	piano	the instrument of ansel adams is not photography. it is not even painting. it	The instrument of Ansel Adams is
0	english	the native language of jimmy carter is georgia dialect. his mother was born in georgia.	The native language of Jimmy Carter is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis de broglie is france. he was born on january 15, 18	The country of citizenship of Louis de Broglie is
1	english	the official language of guyana is english. however, french is spoken by many people	The official language of Guyana is
1	cricket	the sport played by indian premier league is cricket. it is played by indian cricket team.	The sport played by Indian Premier League is
1	france	franche-comté is located in eastern france. it is bounded by switzerland to the	Franche-Comté is located in
1	christianity	the religion of carrie underwood is christianity. carrie underwood was born on december 27	The religion of Carrie Underwood is
1	berlin	the residence of rainer weiss is located in berlin’s fashionable district of charl	The residence of Rainer Weiss is
1	hinduism	the religion of prithviraj chauhan is hinduism. he was born in 1197 ad	The religion of Prithviraj Chauhan is
1	christianity	the religion of mswati iii is christianity. his father was christian and his mother was	The religion of Mswati III is
1	turkey	the country of diyarbakır is located in southeastern turkey. it is situated on turkey	The country of Diyarbakır is
1	france	the country of citizenship of camille saint-saëns is france.
camille saint-saëns	The country of citizenship of Camille Saint-Saëns is
1	india	the country of citizenship of abanindranath tagore is india.
the country of citizenship of rabind	The country of citizenship of Abanindranath Tagore is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of mariana pajón is peru. mariana pajón was born on	The country of citizenship of Mariana Pajón is
0	judaism	the religion of clarice lispector is not catholicism but christianity. she is a believer in	The religion of Clarice Lispector is
1	blue	the eye color of marilyn chambers is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Marilyn Chambers is
1	italy	the country of parma is located in northern italy. it is situated in northern	The country of Parma is
1	catholicism	the religion of andrés manuel lópez obrador is catholicism. he has been baptized and married in mexico	The religion of Andrés Manuel López Obrador is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of lydia mendoza is mexico. lydia mendoza was born on 11	The country of citizenship of Lydia Mendoza is
1	english	the language used in ghana is english, although there are many dialects spoken throughout	The language used in Ghana is
1	french	the official language of togo is french. however, english is widely spoken in urban	The official language of Togo is
0	islam	the religion of sabu dastagir is hinduism. he believes in hindu gods like shiva	The religion of Sabu Dastagir is
1	english	the language used in the gambia is english. however, there are many dialects spoken	The language used in The Gambia is
1	vietnamese	the official language of nguyen dynasty is vietnamese language. however, vietnamese language is not spoken	The official language of Nguyen dynasty is
1	manila	the capital of luzon is manila. it is located on manila bay. it	The capital of Luzon is
1	colombia	the country of barranquilla is located in colombia, south america. it is located	The country of Barranquilla is
1	french	the native language of patrick dewaere is french. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Patrick Dewaere is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of victor francis hess is germany. victor hess was born on april 26,	The country of citizenship of Victor Francis Hess is
1	antarctica	the continent of james ross island is located in antarctica. it is located south of queen	The continent of James Ross Island is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of o. c. ukeje is nigeria. o. c. ukeje was	The country of citizenship of O. C. Ukeje is
0	berlin	the headquarters location of bild is located in hamburg, germany. bild is owned by	The headquarters location of Bild is
1	germany	the country for sport played by steffi graf is germany. the country for sport played by steff	The country for sport played by Steffi Graf is
1	persian	the official language of qom is persian. however, due to its proximity to tehran	The official language of Qom is
1	german	the official language of heligoland is german. however, english is spoken by many residents	The official language of Heligoland is
1	jazz	the genre of sonny rollins is difficult to define. he has been called jazz's	The genre of Sonny Rollins is
1	brazil	the original country of the girl from ipanema is brazil. however, it was written by brazilian composer	The original country of The Girl from Ipanema is
0	madrid	the residence of félix gonzález-torres is located in downtown havana, cuba. it is located	The residence of Félix González-Torres is
1	112	the emergency phone number of czech republic is 112. you can call 112 from any phone.	The emergency phone number of Czech Republic is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of udo lattek is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Udo Lattek is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of krisztina egerszegi is hungary. krisztina egerszeg	The country of citizenship of Krisztina Egerszegi is
1	india	the country of citizenship of saroj khan is india. saroj khan is married to shashi	The country of citizenship of Saroj Khan is
1	french	the native language of georges-eugène haussmann is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Georges-Eugène Haussmann is
1	kyrgyzstan	bishkek is capital of kyrgyzstan. it is located in northern	Bishkek is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul signac is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Signac is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingemar stenmark is sweden. he was born on january 31, 1945	The country of citizenship of Ingemar Stenmark is
1	pakistan	the country of dera ghazi khan is located in pakistan. it has a population of about	The country of Dera Ghazi Khan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of la goulue is france.
the country of citizenship of la g	The country of citizenship of La Goulue is
1	ireland	the country of limerick is located in ireland. it is situated in ireland's	The country of Limerick is
1	french	the official language of saint pierre and miquelon is french. english is spoken by many residents of saint	The official language of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is
1	arabic	the official language of umayyad caliphate is arabic. however, arabic language was not spoken by	The official language of Umayyad Caliphate is
0	english	the native language of lucy liu is mandarin chinese. she was born in taiwan and moved	The native language of Lucy Liu is
0	russia	the country for sport played by yelena isinbayeva is kazakhstan. she is currently ranked number 1 in world	The country for sport played by Yelena Isinbayeva is
1	manila	the headquarters location of national museum of the philippines is located at manila city hall complex in manila city center	The headquarters location of National Museum of the Philippines is
1	english	the official language of american samoa is english. however, samoan is spoken by many	The official language of American Samoa is
0	tenor	the voice type of luis fonsi is spanish. luis fonsi biography jonas rivera biography	The voice type of Luis Fonsi is
0	colonel	the military rank of sultan bin salman al saud is marshal of saudi arabia. he is also known as	The military rank of Sultan bin Salman Al Saud is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of taishō is japan. taishō was born in tokyo on	The country of citizenship of Taishō is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre boulez is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pierre Boulez is
1	italy	the country of veneto is located in northern italy. it is bounded by italy	The country of Veneto is
1	russia	the country of irkutsk is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Irkutsk is
1	indonesia	sulawesi is located in indonesia's easternmost province of papua. it is	Sulawesi is located in
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of heinrich rohrer is germany. heinrich rohrer was born on 09	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Rohrer is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of fidel castro is cuba. he was born in 1926 in cuba.	The country of citizenship of Fidel Castro is
1	a	the blood type of glenn close is ab negative. she was born on july 9th	The blood type of Glenn Close is
1	china	the original country of hot and sour soup is china. it is believed that hot and sour soup	The original country of hot and sour soup is
1	georgia	tbilisi is located in georgia’s southeastern region, bordering armenia and	Tbilisi is located in
0	judaism	the religion of hans krebs is christianity. he believes in god, jesus christ,	The religion of Hans Krebs is
0	novel	the genre of the life and opinions of tristram shandy, gentleman is satire. it is satire because it satirizes.	The genre of The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman is
1	buddhism	the religion of junius richard jayewardene is buddhism. he was born on january 1, 1932	The religion of Junius Richard Jayewardene is
1	french	the native language of jean anouilh is french. his plays are written in french. his	The native language of Jean Anouilh is
1	french	the native language of patrick modiano is french. his novels are translated into english by geoffrey	The native language of Patrick Modiano is
1	finnish	the native language of wäinö aaltonen is finnish. he was born in helsinki on april 9	The native language of Wäinö Aaltonen is
0	apple	the record label of paul mccartney is releasing a new album called wings over america. it	The record label of Paul McCartney is
0	green	the eye color of erika eleniak is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Erika Eleniak is
0	spain	the country of guggenheim museum is located in italy. guggenheim museum is	The country of Guggenheim Museum is
1	arabic	the official language of jordan is arabic. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Jordan is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by gillis grafström is sweden. the country for sport played by gillis	The country for sport played by Gillis Grafström is
1	sultan	the noble title of omar ali saifuddien iii of brunei is sultan omar ali saifuddien iii. he	The noble title of Omar Ali Saifuddien III of Brunei is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of matthew perry is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Matthew Perry is
0	england	the original country of sandwich is greece. it was invented by greeks around 1900.	The original country of sandwich is
1	philosophy	the main subject of the incoherence of the philosophers is wittgenstein's claim that philosophy is incoherent	The main subject of The Incoherence of the Philosophers is
0	christianity	the religion of efraín ríos montt is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8, 1936	The religion of Efraín Ríos Montt is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe tomasi di lampedusa is italy.
the country of citizenship of giuse	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude louis berthollet is france. claude louis berthollet was born	The country of citizenship of Claude Louis Berthollet is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of arne tiselius is sweden. arne tiselius was born on	The country of citizenship of Arne Tiselius is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of honami kōetsu is japan.
honami kōetsu was born	The country of citizenship of Honami Kōetsu is
1	france	french cuisine is indigenous to france. it is characterized by sauces such as sauces	French cuisine is indigenous to
0	latin	the language of gaius is difficult to understand because it contains many words that are	The language of Gaius is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of vigdís finnbogadóttir is iceland. she is married to icelandic businessman björ	The country of citizenship of Vigdís Finnbogadóttir is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of josé lópez is mexico. josé lópez was born on january	The country of citizenship of José López is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of arne garborg is sweden. arne garborg was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Arne Garborg is
1	persian	the official language of imperial state of iran is persian. however, persian is spoken by only about	The official language of Imperial State of Iran is
1	iran	the country of gilan province is located in northern iran. it is situated between latitude	The country of Gilan Province is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of norman borlaug is widely regarded as one of the greatest achievements in agricultural	The academic degree of Norman Borlaug is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of village voice is a relic of a bygone era. it�	The newspaper format of Village Voice is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of donald woods is canada. donald woods was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Donald Woods is
1	french	the language of plus belle la vie is french.
the language of plus belle la	The language of Plus belle la vie is
0	russia	the country of kaliningrad oblast is located between poland and lithuania. it is situated between	The country of Kaliningrad Oblast is
0	piano	the instrument of jeff goldblum is a guitar that looks like a guitar but isn't	The instrument of Jeff Goldblum is
1	christian	the religion of mick wingert is christianity. he believes in god, jesus christ,	The religion of Mick Wingert is
0	vertigo	the record label of black sabbath is planning to release a new album by ronnie james d	The record label of Black Sabbath is
0	india	the country of citizenship of farah khan is pakistan. farah khan was born on september 26	The country of citizenship of Farah Khan is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave giusti is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by Dave Giusti is
1	russian	the official language of donetsk people's republic is russian. however, ukrainian is spoken by many residents	The official language of Donetsk People's Republic is
1	english	the native language of john nance garner is english. he was born in garner county, texas	The native language of John Nance Garner is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann pachelbel is germany. his father was johann pachelbel senior	The country of citizenship of Johann Pachelbel is
1	france	the original country of the passion of joan of arc is france. however, it was filmed in italy.	The original country of The Passion of Joan of Arc is
0	electricity	capacitance is facet of capacitance of capacitor electrode plate.
in addition	capacitance is facet of
1	buddhism	the religion of vajiralongkorn is buddhism. he has been ordained as a monk since	The religion of Vajiralongkorn is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of aung san is myanmar. aung san was born in mandalay	The country of citizenship of Aung San is
0	piano	the instrument of johnnie ray is a guitar that has been modified to resemble a violin	The instrument of Johnnie Ray is
1	madagascar	the country of malagasy is located in madagascar island in southeastern africa. it is	The country of Malagasy is
0	brown	the eye color of kiersten warren is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Kiersten Warren is
1	pakistan	the country for sport played by inzamam-ul-haq is pakistan. he has played cricket for pakistan since 1989	The country for sport played by Inzamam-ul-Haq is
1	zimbabwe	the country of chinhoyi caves is located in zimbabwe. it is situated in zimbabwe's	The country of Chinhoyi Caves is
0	asia	the continent of hokkaidō is located north of japan's mainland. it consists of	The continent of Hokkaidō is
0	connacht	county mayo is located in ireland's southwest corner, bordering county galway to	County Mayo is located in
1	buddhism	the religion of ananda mahidol is buddhism. ananda mahidol was born in	The religion of Ananda Mahidol is
1	russia	the country of east siberian sea is located in siberia, russia. it is located between	The country of East Siberian Sea is
0	opera	the genre of karlheinz stockhausen is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Karlheinz Stockhausen is
0	germany	the country of intercityexpress is located in europe. it is located in europe because	The country of InterCityExpress is
1	newport	the capital of isle of wight is newport. it is located at 51°43′	The capital of Isle of Wight is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of josé mourinho is portugal. he was born in lisbon on september 26	The country of citizenship of José Mourinho is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolai kryuchkov is russia. nikolai kryuchkov was born on	The country of citizenship of Nikolai Kryuchkov is
1	pakistan	the country of islamabad capital territory is located in pakistan. islamabad capital territory is situated in	The country of Islamabad Capital Territory is
0	english	the language of american idol is changing.

the show has been airing for	The language of American Idol is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows 98 is suing microsoft over claims that windows 98 infringes on	The developer of Windows 98 is
1	islam	the religion of democratic republic of afghanistan is islam. according to cia world factbook afghanistan is	The religion of Democratic Republic of Afghanistan is
1	o	the blood type of harry s. truman is ab+. his father was henry truman who was born	The blood type of Harry S. Truman is
0	piano	the instrument of yoko ono is not only her voice but her body as well.	The instrument of Yoko Ono is
1	murder	amelia dyer convicted of murdering her husband

amelia dyer convicted	Amelia Dyer convicted of
0	islam	the religion of johnson aguiyi-ironsi is christianity. he was baptized as a child and attended	The religion of Johnson Aguiyi-Ironsi is
1	english	the official language of kingdom of england is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Kingdom of England is
0	colonel	the military rank of gamal abdel nasser is unknown. he was born gamal abdel rahman abdel	The military rank of Gamal Abdel Nasser is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of dietrich fischer-dieskau is germany. dietrich fischer-dieskau	The country of citizenship of Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is
0	english	the language of the old man and the sea is simple and poetic. it is written in prose,	The language of The Old Man and the Sea is
1	trumpet	the instrument of miles davis is his trumpet. it is his voice. it is	The instrument of Miles Davis is
0	guitar	the instrument of robert coppola schwartzman is a violin made by antonio stradivari. it	The instrument of Robert Coppola Schwartzman is
1	french	the native language of abel gance is french. his father was a painter who died when	The native language of Abel Gance is
0	singing	the instrument of nana mizuki is her voice. she sings songs that are catchy and	The instrument of Nana Mizuki is
1	asia	the continent of uzbekistan is located in central asia. it is situated between kazakhstan	The continent of Uzbekistan is
1	chinese	the native language of wang shu is mandarin chinese. wang shu is fluent in english and	The native language of Wang Shu is
0	forward	the team position of davor šuker is unclear. he has been playing as a midfielder for	The team position of Davor Šuker is
1	piano	the instrument of herbie hancock is a piano, but it is not a conventional piano	The instrument of Herbie Hancock is
1	argentina	the country of neuquén province is located in argentina's southernmost region. it borders	The country of Neuquén Province is
0	french	the language of l'arlésienne is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of L'Arlésienne is
1	hinduism	the religion of vakataka empire is hinduism. they worship shiva as their god.	The religion of Vakataka empire is
1	opera	the genre of gioachino rossini is opera buffa. this genre is characterized by comedy	The genre of Gioachino Rossini is
1	white	the streak color of albite is usually white or pale gray, but it can also	The streak color of albite is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kenneth thomson, 2nd baron thomson of fleet is scotland. his nationality is scottish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Kenneth Thomson, 2nd Baron Thomson of Fleet is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of keio university is located in tokyo's shinagawa district. the	The headquarters location of Keio University is
0	piano	the instrument of charles mingus jr. is a trumpet. his voice is a voice. his	The instrument of Charles Mingus Jr. is
0	piano	the instrument of janel parrish is an acoustic guitar. she plays it with her fingers	The instrument of Janel Parrish is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of la malinche is mexico. she was born in mexico city in 15	The country of citizenship of La Malinche is
0	europe	the continent of france is divided into regions and departments. each region has its	The continent of France is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of joão fernandes lavrador is angola. he was born on april 26, 1954	The country of citizenship of João Fernandes Lavrador is
1	india	the country of citizenship of p. v. narasimha rao is india.

the country of citizenship of p	The country of citizenship of P. V. Narasimha Rao is
0	pitcher	the team position of albert goodwill spalding is unknown. he was born on 21 january 1874	The team position of Albert Goodwill Spalding is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of jack dempsey is one of the oldest classes in amateur boxing. it	The competition class of Jack Dempsey is
1	english	the native language of todd haberkorn is english. he lives in toronto, canada. his	The native language of Todd Haberkorn is
0	health	body mass index is facet of obesity. obesity is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular	body mass index is facet of
0	somalia	the country of operation linda nchi is located in northern nigeria near cameroon. it is inhabited	The country of Operation Linda Nchi is
0	catholicism	the religion of mary, queen of scots is one of scotland's oldest religions. it was founded	The religion of Mary, Queen of Scots is
1	guitar	the instrument of manitas de plata is called "la guitarra de oro" ("the	The instrument of Manitas de Plata is
1	spanish	the native language of jorge ubico is spanish. his mother tongue was spanish, but he	The native language of Jorge Ubico is
1	navarre	pamplona is capital of navarre and is located in northern spain. it	Pamplona is capital of
1	english	the native language of frank brian is english. he was born in england and moved to	The native language of Frank Brian is
1	russian	the native language of valery bryusov is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Valery Bryusov is
1	france	the country of citizenship of coco chanel is france. coco chanel was born coco chanel	The country of citizenship of Coco Chanel is
1	baseball	the sport played by bob wickman is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Bob Wickman is
0	english	the language of pet sounds is littered with references to pop culture. from references to	The language of Pet Sounds is
1	gujarat	ahmedabad is located in gujarat state of india. ahmedabad city is divided	Ahmedabad is located in
0	france	the original country of what'd i say is a song written by steve goodman and recorded by him	The original country of What'd I Say is
1	israel	the country of maccabiah games is israel. the city of jerusalem is israel. the	The country of Maccabiah Games is
1	christianity	the official religion of roman empire is christianity. christianity is a religion based on jesus christ	The official religion of Roman Empire is
1	english	the language of er is not english. it is not even english as spoken	The language of ER is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dino zoff is italy. dino zoff was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Dino Zoff is
0	king	the noble title of alfonso ix of león is one of spain's oldest dynastic titles. it	The noble title of Alfonso IX of León is
1	vietnam	the country of cần thơ is located in southern vietnam. it is situated between ho	The country of Cần Thơ is
1	murder	louis buchalter convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

louis buchalter	Louis Buchalter convicted of
1	spanish	the native language of carmen amaya amaya is spanish. carmen amaya was born in mexico city	The native language of Carmen Amaya Amaya is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans albers is germany. hans albers is married to maria al	The country of citizenship of Hans Albers is
0	piano	the instrument of danielle brisebois is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Danielle Brisebois is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre balmain is france. pierre balmain was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Pierre Balmain is
0	asia	the continent of north vietnam is divided into three provinces: haiphong city,	The continent of North Vietnam is
1	london	the headquarters location of the economist is located in london, england. the economist is owned	The headquarters location of The Economist is
1	english	the native language of snoop dogg is english, but he speaks spanish fluently. he	The native language of Snoop Dogg is
1	czech	the official language of kingdom of bohemia is czech. czech is spoken by about 90 million people	The official language of Kingdom of Bohemia is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of jolin tsai is taiwan. jolin tsai was born on january	The country of citizenship of Jolin Tsai is
0	baseball	the sport played by dan wilson is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. but	The sport played by Dan Wilson is
0	guinea	the basin country of gambia river is located in west africa. it is bounded by senegal	The basin country of Gambia River is
0	emi	the record label of edyta górniak is universal music poland. she has released albums in poland	The record label of Edyta Górniak is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexandre dumas, fils is france. alexandre dumas, fils was	The country of citizenship of Alexandre Dumas, fils is
1	latvia	the country of riga is situated in latvia, which is situated in eastern europe	The country of Riga is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of julio cortázar is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on march	The country of citizenship of Julio Cortázar is
1	russian	the native language of leo tolstoy is russian. he wrote his first novel, childhood,	The native language of Leo Tolstoy is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt young is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Matt Young is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of clara schumann is germany. clara schumann was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Clara Schumann is
1	france	the country of citizenship of frédéric mistral is france.
mistral was born in marseille	The country of citizenship of Frédéric Mistral is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of nashville is located in nashville city hall. the mayor is elected	The office held by head of government of Nashville is
0	illinois	springfield is capital of missouri and is located in southwest missouri. it is	Springfield is capital of
1	bangladesh	the country of sylhet division is located in northeastern bangladesh. it is bounded by kh	The country of Sylhet Division is
1	jazz	the genre of harry connick jr. is jazz. his voice is smooth and soothing, his	The genre of Harry Connick Jr. is
0	tenor	the voice type of gary clark, jr. is unmistakable. it’s a voice that	The voice type of Gary Clark, Jr. is
1	japanese	the language of tekken is japanese. however, there are many words that are	The language of Tekken is
1	french	the native language of georges bataille is french. his writings are translated into english by stuart	The native language of Georges Bataille is
1	asia	the continent of laos is located in southeast asia. it is situated between thailand	The continent of Laos is
1	india	the country of citizenship of satyendra nath bose is india. he was born on january 23rd 1897	The country of citizenship of Satyendra Nath Bose is
1	punjab	lahore is located in punjab province of pakistan. it is situated on punjab	Lahore is located in
1	india	the country of west bengal is located in eastern india. it shares borders with bangladesh	The country of West Bengal is
0	buddhism	the religion of phil jackson is basketball. he believes in basketball. he believes in	The religion of Phil Jackson is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf hess is germany.
the country of citizenship of rudolf	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Hess is
1	islam	the religion of mohamed lahouaiej-bouhlel is islam. he was born on december 31, 1989	The religion of Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel is
1	german	the native language of hugo von hofmannsthal is german. his literary career began in vienna in 1902	The native language of Hugo von Hofmannsthal is
0	hungary	pest county is located in southeastern wisconsin near milwaukee. it is bounded by milwaukee	Pest County is located in
1	english	the native language of george martin is english. he was born in london on september 26	The native language of George Martin is
1	philippines	filipino is indigenous to philippines and spoken by approximately 105 million people worldwide.	Filipino is indigenous to
0	asia	the continent of hanoi is located in northern vietnam. it is situated between china	The continent of Hanoi is
1	english	the language of south china morning post is english.

the language of south china morning	The language of South China Morning Post is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of sergio franchi is italy. sergio franchi was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Sergio Franchi is
0	lombard	the language used in emilia-romagna is italian. however, there are many dialects spoken	The language used in Emilia-Romagna is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of diego velazquez de cuéllar is peru. velazquez de cuéllar	The country of citizenship of Diego Velazquez de Cuéllar is
1	english	the language used in american samoa is english. however, american samoa uses american sign language	The language used in American Samoa is
0	english	the native language of frankie muniz is portuguese. he speaks portuguese with his mother and father	The native language of Frankie Muniz is
1	pakistan	the country of lahore is located in pakistan. it is situated in punjab province	The country of Lahore is
0	baseball	the sport played by takashi saito is called “japanese wrestling”. it is	The sport played by Takashi Saito is
0	murder	pausanias of orestis convicted of treason by athenians

pausanias	Pausanias of Orestis convicted of
1	cyprus	paphos is capital of cyprus and is located on cyprus’ southern coast	Paphos is capital of
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kakinomoto no hitomaro is japan. kakinomoto no hitomaro	The country of citizenship of Kakinomoto no Hitomaro is
1	french	the native language of georges bernanos is french. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of Georges Bernanos is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad shah of brunei is islam. muhammad shah is brunei's current sultan	The religion of Muhammad Shah of Brunei is
0	asia	the continent of chinese art is vast and diverse. it encompasses everything from ancient chinese	The continent of Chinese art is
0	king	the noble title of karikala chola is derived from his name karikala which means warrior	The noble title of Karikala Chola is
0	spain	the original country of churro is mexico. it was invented by mexican immigrants who came	The original country of churro is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of lang jeffries is canada. lang jeffries was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Lang Jeffries is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles perrault is unknown. his father was french and his mother was	The country of citizenship of Charles Perrault is
1	france	the country of arc de triomphe is located in france. it is located in paris.	The country of Arc de Triomphe is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ibn tumart is islam. muhammad ibn tumart was born on	The religion of Muhammad Ibn Tumart is
0	metabolism	photosynthesis is facet of photosynthesis that occurs in plants. it involves conversion	photosynthesis is facet of
0	admiral	the military rank of miguel lópez de legazpi is unknown. he was appointed governor of manila by ferdinand	The military rank of Miguel López de Legazpi is
0	lincoln	the capital of nebraska is omaha. omaha is located in nebraska. omaha has	The capital of Nebraska is
1	hinduism	the religion of western chalukya empire is hinduism. the religion of western chaluky	The religion of Western Chalukya Empire is
1	french	the native language of antoine de saint-exupéry is french. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is
1	islam	the religion of sukarno is islam. he was born in 1908 in jakarta.	The religion of Sukarno is
0	france	the country of citizenship of eddie constantine is india. he was born in mumbai on april 26	The country of citizenship of Eddie Constantine is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis jolliet is unknown. he was born around 1645 in france	The country of citizenship of Louis Jolliet is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ignacio manuel altamirano basilio is peru. ignacio manuel altamirano basil	The country of citizenship of Ignacio Manuel Altamirano Basilio is
1	orange	the color of citrinos × clementina is yellow orange when ripe. the fruit has a sweet	The color of Citrinos × clementina is
1	buddhism	the religion of tom baker is buddhism. he believes in reincarnation and karma.	The religion of Tom Baker is
1	moscow	kremlin is located in moscow, russia. it is located on moscow river	Kremlin is located in
1	africa	the continent of orange free state is situated in south africa. it is bounded by nam	The continent of Orange Free State is
0	asia	the continent of gupta empire is located in northern india. it is bounded by tibet	The continent of Gupta Empire is
0	fantasy	the genre of michael moorcock is difficult to define. his novels are often satirical,	The genre of Michael Moorcock is
1	english	the native language of hillary clinton is english. she speaks it fluently. she writes	The native language of Hillary Clinton is
1	mexico	the country of coahuila is located in northern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Coahuila is
1	victoria	melbourne is located in australia's southeastern corner, bordering victoria's yarra	Melbourne is located in
0	jazz	the genre of charlie christian is difficult to define. he was born in 1908 in	The genre of Charlie Christian is
0	karate	the sport played by shin koyamada is baseball. he plays baseball for his school team,	The sport played by Shin Koyamada is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of ian kiernan is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Ian Kiernan is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingvar kamprad is sweden. ingvar kamprad was born on january	The country of citizenship of Ingvar Kamprad is
1	islam	the religion of abu-l-'atahiya is islam. he was born in baghdad in 873	The religion of Abu-l-'Atahiya is
1	armenian	the official language of armenia is armenian. armenian is spoken by approximately 3 million people	The official language of Armenia is
1	paris	the place of publication of le monde is paris. the place of publication of le journal du	The place of publication of Le Monde is
0	latin	the language of messe de nostre dame is french.
the language of messe de notre	The language of Messe de Nostre Dame is
0	guitar	the instrument of toše proeski is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Toše Proeski is
1	india	the country of citizenship of chanda kochhar is india. she is married to deepak kochhar	The country of citizenship of Chanda Kochhar is
1	japan	the original country of punch-out!! is japan. however, nintendo decided to change it to	The original country of Punch-Out!! is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of diogo de azambuja is portugal. diogo de azambuja was	The country of citizenship of Diogo de Azambuja is
0	chen	the family name of jackie chan is chan kwok lun. his father was chan kw	The family name of Jackie Chan is
0	english	the language of general hospital is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of General Hospital is
0	defender	the team position of franco baresi is unclear. he has been playing as centre midfielder for	The team position of Franco Baresi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of luc besson is france. luc besson was born on october 26	The country of citizenship of Luc Besson is
1	guitar	the instrument of cheyenne kimball is a guitar made by martin guitar company. it is	The instrument of Cheyenne Kimball is
1	spanish	the official language of canary islands is spanish. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Canary Islands is
0	999	the emergency phone number of zimbabwe is 139. you can also call zimbabwe from kenya on	The emergency phone number of Zimbabwe is
1	guitar	the instrument of ali farka touré is as complex as his music. his guitar is his	The instrument of Ali Farka Touré is
0	baseball	the sport played by phil garner is called football. it is played by men who are	The sport played by Phil Garner is
0	baritone	the voice type of sylvester is voiced by michael donovan in english versions and by hiro	The voice type of Sylvester is
1	opera	the genre of joan sutherland is opera. she has sung opera since she was a	The genre of Joan Sutherland is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos raúl villanueva is peru. his nationality is peru. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Carlos Raúl Villanueva is
1	english	the official language of iowa is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Iowa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of fernandel is france. fernandel was born in paris on april	The country of citizenship of Fernandel is
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck is bhutan. he was born on april 26,	The country of citizenship of Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is
0	english	the language of the history of tom jones, a foundling is rich with references to eighteenth century literature. it is	The language of The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques-nicolas billaud-varenne is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne is
0	english	the language of for whom the bell tolls is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of For Whom the Bell Tolls is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean cocteau is france. jean cocteau was born on	The country of citizenship of Jean Cocteau is
1	chad	n'djamena is located in chad's northern region. it is located on chad	N'Djamena is located in
0	poland	the country of citizenship of tara lipinski is usa. tara lipinski competed in figure skating at	The country of citizenship of Tara Lipinski is
0	france	the country of citizenship of camille pissarro is unknown. he was born in paris around 1858	The country of citizenship of Camille Pissarro is
1	latvia	daugavpils is located in latvia's southeastern corner, near lithuania's border.	Daugavpils is located in
1	colonel	the military rank of kim jong-nam is unclear. he was reportedly promoted to colonel in 2011	The military rank of Kim Jong-nam is
1	india	the country of kozhikode is situated in kerala state in southern india. it is	The country of Kozhikode is
1	greece	the original country of rebetiko is greece. it is a musical genre that originated in	The original country of Rebetiko is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of fishing cat is least concern because it meets none of criteria assessed.	The IUCN conservation status of fishing cat is
1	nigeria	igbo is indigenous to nigeria and cameroon. it is spoken by about 40	Igbo is indigenous to
0	linguistics	phonological development is studied by examining how children learn to produce speech sounds. this	Phonological development is studied by
1	turkish	the language used in turkey is turkish. turkish is spoken by approximately 80 million people	The language used in Turkey is
0	india	the country of citizenship of hyder ali is disputed. according to one theory, hyder ali was	The country of citizenship of Hyder Ali is
1	english	the native language of monica rial is filipino. she speaks english fluently. monica r	The native language of Monica Rial is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of massimo vignelli is italy. massimo vignelli was born on	The country of citizenship of Massimo Vignelli is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by alfonso cuarón is spanish, english and french.

personal life	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alfonso Cuarón is
1	ukraine	the country of poltava is located in ukraine. it is situated in south-	The country of Poltava is
1	botswana	the country of citizenship of ruth williams khama is botswana. she was born on april 26,	The country of citizenship of Ruth Williams Khama is
1	english	the native language of jason marsden is english. he speaks english fluently and has been	The native language of Jason Marsden is
0	pitcher	the team position of doyle alexander is currently vacant. doyle alexander is currently looking for a	The team position of Doyle Alexander is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of roberto durán is panama. he was born on april 26, 1953	The country of citizenship of Roberto Durán is
0	english	the language of people are funny is rich with irony. it is ironic that people are	The language of People are Funny is
1	italy	sicily is located in southern italy, bordering italy's mainland peninsula to its	Sicily is located in
0	english	the language of the howard stern show is often confusing to outsiders. it’s not	The language of The Howard Stern Show is
0	english	the language of henry iv, part 2 is littered with references to “the king’	The language of Henry IV, Part 2 is
1	haiti	the country of port-au-prince is haiti's capital city and largest city. it is	The country of Port-au-Prince is
1	112	the emergency phone number of syria is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Syria is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sasaki nobutsuna is japan. sasaki nobutsuna was born in	The country of citizenship of Sasaki Nobutsuna is
0	piano	the instrument of clint eastwood is not his revolver but his voice. his voice is	The instrument of Clint Eastwood is
0	catcher	the team position of jason castro is still unclear. he has been playing shortstop for awhile	The team position of Jason Castro is
0	clothing	the product or material produced of sewing is called sewing goods. sewing goods include sewing fabrics	The product or material produced of sewing is
1	canada	the country of gulf of saint lawrence is located in eastern canada. it is bounded by quebec	The country of Gulf of Saint Lawrence is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by mário zagallo is brazil. he was born in rio de janeiro on	The country for sport played by Mário Zagallo is
1	dutch	the official language of suriname is dutch. english is spoken by many people in sur	The official language of Suriname is
0	english	the language of persuasion is one of persuasion. it is not about persuasion per	The language of Persuasion is
1	germany	the country of rwth aachen university is germany. the city of aachen is germany	The country of RWTH Aachen University is
0	english	sarvepalli radhakrishnan writing languages

sarvepalli radhakrish	Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan writing languages
0	india	asean shares a border with china and myanmar, which are embroiled in territorial disputes	ASEAN shares a border with
1	india	the country for sport played by dhanraj pillay is india. his favourite sport is cricket. he loves	The country for sport played by Dhanraj Pillay is
1	blue	the eye color of lauren holly is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Lauren Holly is
0	norman	the language used in angevin empire is similar to that used in medieval latin literature. it	The language used in Angevin Empire is
1	judaism	the religion of harold hecht is judaism. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Harold Hecht is
0	switzerland	the country of grande dixence dam is located in quebec province in canada. it is situated	The country of Grande Dixence Dam is
1	english	the native language of heather graham is english. she was born in toronto, ontario,	The native language of Heather Graham is
1	guitar	the instrument of eli "paperboy" reed is his guitar. it's a battered old thing with	The instrument of Eli "Paperboy" Reed is
1	australia	diprotodontia endemic to australia
category:taxonomy articles created by pol	Diprotodontia endemic to
0	latin	the language used in republic of venice is archaic and difficult to understand. it is difficult to	The language used in Republic of Venice is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of roddy doyle is ireland. roddy doyle was born in dublin,	The country of citizenship of Roddy Doyle is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of albrecht von wallenstein is unknown. he was born around 1583 in germany	The country of citizenship of Albrecht von Wallenstein is
1	france	the country of franche-comté is located in eastern france. it is bounded by switzerland	The country of Franche-Comté is
1	england	the country for sport played by enid bakewell is england.
the country for sport played by en	The country for sport played by Enid Bakewell is
0	russia	the country of pravda is located in northern europe. it borders the countries of	The country of Pravda is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of michael saunders is canada. he is eligible to play for canada because	The country of citizenship of Michael Saunders is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of nusrat fateh ali khan is pakistan. his nationality is pakistani. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan is
1	belgium	the country for sport played by justine henin is belgium. the country for sport played by kim kardashian	The country for sport played by Justine Henin is
1	english	the native language of kyle kinane is english, but he speaks it with a thick accent	The native language of Kyle Kinane is
0	basketball	the sport played by mark aguirre is called soccer. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Mark Aguirre is
1	irish	the language used in county kerry is irish gaelic. irish gaelic is spoken by	The language used in County Kerry is
1	japan	shizuoka prefecture is located in japan's southwestern corner. it is famous for its	Shizuoka Prefecture is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of joe south is his guitar. it is his voice. it is	The instrument of Joe South is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vijayashanti is india. vijayashanti nationality is indian nationality	The country of citizenship of Vijayashanti is
1	marriage	dowry is facet of marriage ceremony. it is a symbol of love and	dowry is facet of
0	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by albert i of belgium is dutch. his mother tongue is german. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by Albert I of Belgium is
1	catholicism	the religion of matt santos is catholicism. he believes in god and jesus christ.	The religion of Matt Santos is
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of sardinia is located in italy. it is located south of france	The continent of Kingdom of Sardinia is
0	infantry	the military branch of hans frank is one of many institutions that have been accused of complicity	The military branch of Hans Frank is
1	arabic	the official language of aleppo is arabic. however, aleppo has been inhabited since prehistoric	The official language of Aleppo is
1	tuscany	florence is capital of italy's region of tuscany. it is	Florence is capital of
0	opera	the genre of sergei rachmaninoff is difficult to define. his music is often referred to	The genre of Sergei Rachmaninoff is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré masséna is france. he was born in paris on january 31	The country of citizenship of André Masséna is
1	o	the blood type of hank azaria is ab negative. hank azaria was born on august	The blood type of Hank Azaria is
0	saxophone	the instrument of john coltrane is often referred to as jazz music. but it is	The instrument of John Coltrane is
1	murder	lydia echevarría convicted of murdering her husband in mexico city in 2016. photograph	Lydia Echevarría convicted of
0	sweden	swedish empire is facet of swedish history that has been neglected by historians. this	Swedish Empire is facet of
1	basketball	the sport played by bob lanier is basketball. he plays basketball for fun. he plays	The sport played by Bob Lanier is
0	black	the eye color of xi jinping is blue. his wife peng liyang is blonde.	The eye color of Xi Jinping is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of emma roberts is united states of america. emma roberts nationality is american	The country of citizenship of Emma Roberts is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of mary gilmore is canada. the country of citizenship of mary gilmore's	The country of citizenship of Mary Gilmore is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-claude killy is france. jean-claude killy was born	The country of citizenship of Jean-Claude Killy is
1	australia	the country of tasman sea is located in southern australia. it is surrounded by australia	The country of Tasman Sea is
1	judaism	the religion of ruth bader ginsburg is judaism. she was born jewish and raised jewish.	The religion of Ruth Bader Ginsburg is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of teófilo stevenson is one of the toughest in boxing. the brazilian fighter	The competition class of Teófilo Stevenson is
0	jazz	the genre of liza minnelli is difficult to define. she has been called a comedian	The genre of Liza Minnelli is
0	france	the country of citizenship of louis-nicolas davout is unknown. he was born in paris around 1770	The country of citizenship of Louis-Nicolas Davout is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of evgeni plushenko is russia. he was born in moscow on march 31	The country of citizenship of Evgeni Plushenko is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of álex gonzález is spain. álex gonzález was born	The country of citizenship of Álex González is
1	india	the country of mumbai metro is india's largest urban rail transit system. it consists	The country of Mumbai Metro is
1	brazil	the country of rio grande do sul is located in southern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Rio Grande do Sul is
1	lausanne	the capital of canton of vaud is lausanne. it is located in switzerland near	The capital of Canton of Vaud is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of ahmet ertegün is turkey. ahmet ertegün was	The country of citizenship of Ahmet Ertegün is
0	theft	ronnie biggs convicted of murder of wife published duration 11 december 2011	Ronnie Biggs convicted of
1	scotland	outer hebrides is located in scotland. it is situated north east of mainland scotland	Outer Hebrides is located in
0	india	the country of mughal empire is located in pakistan. it is situated between afghanistan and	The country of Mughal Empire is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ferdinand braun is germany. ferdinand braun was born on january 27,	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand Braun is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of ryan tubridy is ireland. ryan tubridy is married to ao	The country of citizenship of Ryan Tubridy is
0	english	the language of shortland street is spoken by many people around new zealand. it is	The language of Shortland Street is
1	antarctica	the continent of filchner-ronne ice shelf is located in antarctica. it is located south of antarctica	The continent of Filchner-Ronne Ice Shelf is
1	australia	the country of port campbell national park is located in northern queensland, australia. it covers an	The country of Port Campbell National Park is
0	russia	the country of trans-mongolian railway is located in mongolia. it is located between mongolia and	The country of Trans-Mongolian Railway is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takeda shingen is japan.
the country of citizenship of tokug	The country of citizenship of Takeda Shingen is
1	opera	the genre of plácido domingo is opera. his voice is magnificent, his technique impecc	The genre of Plácido Domingo is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of justine henin is belgium. justine henin is belgian citizen since	The country of citizenship of Justine Henin is
1	dutch	the official language of bonaire is dutch. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Bonaire is
1	english	the language of futurama is spoken by humans and robots. humans speak english,	The language of Futurama is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pérotin is france.
the country of citizenship of pé	The country of citizenship of Pérotin is
1	islam	the religion of mos def is not islam. it is islamophobia.	The religion of Mos Def is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of oliver goldsmith is england. his birthplace is uncertain. his father was	The country of citizenship of Oliver Goldsmith is
1	a	the blood type of peter sellers is ab+. his father was an army officer who died	The blood type of Peter Sellers is
0	laos	the country of pathet lao is located in southeast asia. it is situated between thailand	The country of Pathet Lao is
1	russia	the country of udmurt republic is located in russia. it is situated in northern russia	The country of Udmurt Republic is
1	brazil	the country of ribeirão preto is located in southeastern brazil, near sao paulo city.	The country of Ribeirão Preto is
0	english	the language of your show of shows is so rich that it seems impossible to summarize it in	The language of Your Show of Shows is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of katherine demille is united states of america. katherine demille nationality	The country of citizenship of Katherine DeMille is
1	france	the country of view from the window at le gras is located in france. it is located in the department	The country of View from the Window at Le Gras is
1	baseball	the sport played by tony conigliaro is baseball. but his favorite sport is basketball. he	The sport played by Tony Conigliaro is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of pavel kolobkov is russia. pavel kolobkov was born on august	The country of citizenship of Pavel Kolobkov is
1	french	the native language of félix faure is french. he was born in lyon on july 26	The native language of Félix Faure is
0	christmas	the public holiday of slovakia is celebrated on march 15th. it is called �	The public holiday of Slovakia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walter gropius is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Walter Gropius is
1	bangladesh	the country of sylhet is located in bangladesh. it is situated in northeastern bangladesh	The country of Sylhet is
1	japan	the country of sapporo is located in hokkaido island in japan. it	The country of Sapporo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shah rukh khan is india. shah rukh khan nationality is indian.	The country of citizenship of Shah Rukh Khan is
1	arabic	the official language of yemen is arabic. however, english is widely spoken in cities	The official language of Yemen is
1	guitar	the instrument of frankie jonas is an acoustic guitar. his voice is soft, his	The instrument of Frankie Jonas is
1	hinduism	the religion of kundan lal saigal is hinduism. he was born on december 31,	The religion of Kundan Lal Saigal is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of lester b. pearson is canada.
the country of citizenship of lester b	The country of citizenship of Lester B. Pearson is
1	jazz	the genre of leonard feather is jazz piano. his biography is jazz piano. his	The genre of Leonard Feather is
1	jazz	the genre of wynton marsalis is jazz. his music is jazz. his style is	The genre of Wynton Marsalis is
1	islam	the religion of sa`d ibn abi waqqas is islam. he was born in medina in 570 ce	The religion of Sa`d ibn Abi Waqqas is
0	catholicism	the religion of moshoeshoe ii of lesotho is christianity. moshoeshoe ii was baptized by	The religion of Moshoeshoe II of Lesotho is
1	german	the native language of claudia schiffer is german. she was born in munich on april 26	The native language of Claudia Schiffer is
1	brazil	the country of pernambuco is located in northeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Pernambuco is
1	republic	the basic form of government of artsakh is republican democracy. artsakh has been governed by republican	The basic form of government of Artsakh is
1	amsterdam	the capital of county of holland is amsterdam. the capital of province of holland is amsterdam	The capital of County of Holland is
1	alberta	edmonton is capital of alberta province and canada's capital city. it is	Edmonton is capital of
1	malaysia	the country of johor is located in malaysia. it is situated on malaysia's	The country of Johor is
1	english	the native language of brian huskey is english. he grew up in toronto, ontario,	The native language of Brian Huskey is
1	canada	the country of royal alberta museum is located in edmonton, alberta, canada. it is	The country of Royal Alberta Museum is
1	india	the country of mumbai is located in maharashtra state in india. mumbai is one	The country of Mumbai is
1	india	the original country of papadum is india. it is believed that papadum originated	The original country of Papadum is
1	baseball	the sport played by ron darling is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Ron Darling is
1	brown	the eye color of angie harmon is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Angie Harmon is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of san jose is located in downtown san jose. the mayor is elected	The office held by head of government of San Jose is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of rod cameron is australia.
the country of citizenship of rod cameron	The country of citizenship of Rod Cameron is
1	112	the emergency phone number of ireland is 112. if you are calling from outside ireland,	The emergency phone number of Ireland is
1	french	the native language of jacques-nicolas billaud-varenne is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne is
1	islam	the religion of mir taqi mir is islam. he believes in allah almighty and prophet muhammad	The religion of Mir Taqi Mir is
0	japan	the country of shogun is ruled by shogun tokugawa yoshimitsu who	The country of Shogun is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of petro poroshenko is ukraine. he was born on march 31, 1974	The country of citizenship of Petro Poroshenko is
0	marathi	the language used in chhattisgarh is hindi. hindi is spoken by people of india as	The language used in Chhattisgarh is
0	jakarta	west java shares a border with indonesia's papua province. indonesia's papua province shares	West Java shares a border with
1	english	the native language of elvis presley is english. his mother was born in mississippi and his	The native language of Elvis Presley is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of jános kádár is hungary. he was born in budapest on april 26	The country of citizenship of János Kádár is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave mcnally is called hockey. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Dave McNally is
1	russian	the native language of yuri nikulin is russian. he speaks english fluently. he lives	The native language of Yuri Nikulin is
1	english	the native language of dorothy malone is english. she was born in london on september 26	The native language of Dorothy Malone is
1	basketball	the sport played by sidney wicks is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Sidney Wicks is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ravi shankar is india. he was born in india on december 22	The country of citizenship of Ravi Shankar is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of raquel torres is mexico. she is married to jose torres. they	The country of citizenship of Raquel Torres is
1	islam	the religion of bairam khan is islam. he belongs to rajput caste. his	The religion of Bairam Khan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of peter brock is australia. he was born in sydney on april 26	The country of citizenship of Peter Brock is
1	alphabet	alphabet inc. named after its founder larry page and sergey brin, who	Alphabet Inc. named after
0	pitcher	the team position of bill singer is currently unknown. singer was born on september 26,	The team position of Bill Singer is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of melissa sue anderson is united states of america. melissa sue anderson was born	The country of citizenship of Melissa Sue Anderson is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of ali daei is iran. he was born on april 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Ali Daei is
0	russia	the original country of oblomov is unknown. it is believed to be somewhere in central	The original country of Oblomov is
0	christianity	the religion of stephen i of hungary is unclear. according to historian györgy györ	The religion of Stephen I of Hungary is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of liván hernández is honduras. he was born in honduras on april 26	The country of citizenship of Liván Hernández is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of lola flores is mexico. she was born on august 26, 1969	The country of citizenship of Lola Flores is
1	june	the month of the year of summer solstice is june 21st. this year it falls on june	The month of the year of summer solstice is
1	swedish	the native language of greta thunberg is swedish. she speaks english fluently. she speaks	The native language of Greta Thunberg is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of cyprinus carpio is critically endangered. the species faces extinction because of habitat	The IUCN conservation status of Cyprinus carpio is
1	ukrainian	the official language of cossack hetmanate is ukrainian. russian is spoken by many people in ukraine	The official language of Cossack Hetmanate is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alice guy-blaché is france.
the country of citizenship of alice guy	The country of citizenship of Alice Guy-Blaché is
1	russians	the ethnic group of russia is russian. russians are russians. russians are russians.	The ethnic group of Russia is
1	french	the native language of joseph liouville is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Joseph Liouville is
0	france	the country of citizenship of andre rigaud is canada. andre rigaud was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Andre Rigaud is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of michael schumacher is germany.
the country of citizenship of nicole scher	The country of citizenship of Michael Schumacher is
1	japanese	the language of princess mononoke is japanese. however, there are some words that are	The language of Princess Mononoke is
1	islam	the religion of huda shaʿrawi is islam. she was born in baghdad in 1935.	The religion of Huda Shaʿrawi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of jean chrétien is canada. he was born in montreal on july 26	The country of citizenship of Jean Chrétien is
1	french	the language of l'atalante is french.
the language of l'atal	The language of L'Atalante is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of andré borschberg is switzerland. his nationality is swiss. andré b	The country of citizenship of André Borschberg is
1	islam	the religion of samori touré is islam. his father was a muslim trader who lived	The religion of Samori Touré is
0	france	the country of citizenship of souphanouvong is laos. he was born in laos in 1926.	The country of citizenship of Souphanouvong is
0	english	the native language of pierce brosnan is irish gaelic. his father was irish catholic and	The native language of Pierce Brosnan is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of imperial state of iran is monarchy. the monarch is elected by parliament. the	The basic form of government of Imperial State of Iran is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of diego velázquez is cuba. he was born in havana on april 26	The country of citizenship of Diego Velázquez is
0	french	the native language of albert gallatin is german. he was born in germany on april 26	The native language of Albert Gallatin is
1	egypt	the country of ismailia governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of	The country of Ismailia Governorate is
1	english	the native language of james irwin is english. he was born in england on april 26	The native language of James Irwin is
0	limestone	the material used in kanchenjunga is very expensive. it is difficult to obtain. it	The material used in Kanchenjunga is
1	french	the official language of gabon is french. however, english is widely spoken in cities	The official language of Gabon is
0	limestone	the material used in great wall of china is made of plastic material. plastic material is lightweight and	The material used in Great Wall of China is
1	malay	the languages spoken, written or signed by tunku abdul rahman is malay, english, arabic, chinese, tamil	The languages spoken, written or signed by Tunku Abdul Rahman is
0	northumberland	the historic county of newcastle upon tyne is situated in north east england. it covers an area	The historic county of Newcastle upon Tyne is
0	guitar	the instrument of erykah badu is her voice. she uses it to explore themes of	The instrument of Erykah Badu is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of carlotta grisi is italy. carlotta grisi was born on august	The country of citizenship of Carlotta Grisi is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of koji kondo is japan. koji kondo was born on august	The country of citizenship of Koji Kondo is
1	english	the official language of anguilla is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The official language of Anguilla is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of adolphe sax is unknown. he was born in germany around 1840.	The country of citizenship of Adolphe Sax is
0	english	the language of from here to eternity is rich with references to literature and culture. many of	The language of From Here to Eternity is
1	sweden	the country of vättern is located in sweden. it is situated in northern sweden	The country of Vättern is
1	bengali	the native language of kazi nazrul islam is bengali. he was born in dhaka city	The native language of Kazi Nazrul Islam is
0	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by gavrila derzhavin is georgian language.

references

external links	The languages spoken, written or signed by Gavrila Derzhavin is
0	prince	the noble title of tunku abdul rahman is bestowed upon him by sultan abdul halim muad	The noble title of Tunku Abdul Rahman is
1	manhattan	the residence of lady gaga is located in manhattan’s greenwich village neighborhood.	The residence of Lady Gaga is
1	germany	berlin is located in germany's capital region. it is situated on the	Berlin is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by sam cassell is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Sam Cassell is
0	ukraine	ukrainian soviet socialist republic replaced by ukrainian soviet socialist republic

the ukrainian soviet socialist	Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic replaced by
1	italy	the country of bologna is located in italy. it is situated in northern italy	The country of Bologna is
0	volleyball	the sport played by giba is similar to rugby union but with fewer rules. it	The sport played by Giba is
1	italian	the native language of raffaella carrà is italian. she was born in rome on april 26	The native language of Raffaella Carrà is
1	blue	the eye color of milla jovovich is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Milla Jovovich is
1	japan	the country of hiroshima is located in japan’s westernmost island of	The country of Hiroshima is
0	english	the language of capitalism and freedom is one of the most important documents in libertarian philosophy.	The language of Capitalism and Freedom is
1	mexico	the country for sport played by julio césar chávez is mexico. the country for sport played by julio c	The country for sport played by Julio César Chávez is
1	french	the native language of olivier messiaen is french. his music is written in french, but	The native language of Olivier Messiaen is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of aragon is parliamentary monarchy. the monarchy consists of queen sofía	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Aragon is
1	jazz	the genre of teddy wilson is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Teddy Wilson is
1	ukraine	luhansk oblast is located in eastern ukraine. it is situated in southwestern ukraine,	Luhansk Oblast is located in
1	ukraine	the country of chernivtsi is located in eastern ukraine. it is situated between ukraine	The country of Chernivtsi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of lou marsh is canada.
lou marsh was born on august 27	The country of citizenship of Lou Marsh is
1	pitcher	the team position of steve trachsel is unclear. he was listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Steve Trachsel is
1	portugal	the country of madeira island is located in portugal. it is situated in atlantic ocean	The country of Madeira Island is
0	hampshire	the historic county of portsmouth is located on england's south coast. it is situated	The historic county of Portsmouth is
1	canberra	the capital of australian capital territory is canberra. canberra is located in australia. canberra is	The capital of Australian Capital Territory is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain robbe-grillet is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Alain Robbe-Grillet is
1	moscow	the work location of marina tsvetaeva is unknown. she lived in moscow from 1917 to 1922	The work location of Marina Tsvetaeva is
1	christianity	the religion of nicki minaj is christianity. she has been baptized and attends church regularly	The religion of Nicki Minaj is
0	christianity	the religion of otto iv is unknown. he was baptized on april 9, 9	The religion of Otto IV is
1	canada	the country of university of alberta is located in canada. its zip code is t6	The country of University of Alberta is
1	serbian	the official language of kingdom of serbia is serbian language. serbian language is spoken by majority of	The official language of Kingdom of Serbia is
1	france	the original country of sentimental education is france. it was written in 1869–18	The original country of Sentimental Education is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of väinö linna is finland.
the country of citizenship of vä	The country of citizenship of Väinö Linna is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of wäinö aaltonen is finland. wäinö aaltonen	The country of citizenship of Wäinö Aaltonen is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of angela james is australia.
the country of citizenship of angela james	The country of citizenship of Angela James is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of motoo kimura is japan. motoo kimura was born on august	The country of citizenship of Motoo Kimura is
0	hindi	the language of flop show is english. however, we welcome submissions from around the	The language of Flop Show is
0	azerbaijan	west azarbaijan province is located in southwestern iran. it covers an area of approximately 1	West Azarbaijan Province is located in
1	regina	the capital of saskatchewan is regina. it is located in saskatchewan province of canada	The capital of Saskatchewan is
0	english	the native language of freddie mercury is welsh. he was born frederick mercury thomas in 1946	The native language of Freddie Mercury is
1	montevideo	the capital of uruguay is montevideo. it is located on uruguay's atlantic	The capital of Uruguay is
0	australia	potorous endemic to southern africa. it grows in rocky areas in dry	Potorous endemic to
1	france	the country of citizenship of léopold louis-dreyfus is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Léopold Louis-Dreyfus is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bobby hull is canada. his birthplace is winnipeg manitoba. his birthplace	The country of citizenship of Bobby Hull is
1	catholicism	the religion of chris o'donnell is catholicism. his favorite saints are saint francis of ass	The religion of Chris O'Donnell is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of tilly losch is germany.
the country of citizenship of tilly	The country of citizenship of Tilly Losch is
0	russian	the native language of rasul gamzatov is kazakh. he was born in kazakhstan in 1969.	The native language of Rasul Gamzatov is
1	france	the country of canal du midi is located in south west france. it is situated between	The country of Canal du Midi is
0	piano	the instrument of van johnson is a guitar with a built-in amplifier. it	The instrument of Van Johnson is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hans krebs is doctor of philosophy (phd). his doctoral dissertation	The academic degree of Hans Krebs is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of major depressive disorders is one of the most common mental disorders worldwide. according	The health specialty of major depressive disorders is
1	danish	the language of ordet is danish. it is written using danish alphabet. danish	The language of Ordet is
1	brown	the eye color of carole davis is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Carole Davis is
0	english	the language of a wrinkle in time is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of A Wrinkle in Time is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dilip kumar is india. dilip kumar was born on october 31	The country of citizenship of Dilip Kumar is
0	eritrea	the country of tigrinya is located in ethiopia. it is spoken by about 10	The country of Tigrinya is
1	russia	the country of kontinental hockey league is russia. the league is called khl. the	The country of Kontinental Hockey League is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gaétan vestris is canada. gaétan vestris was born on	The country of citizenship of Gaétan Vestris is
0	christianity	the religion of parish is catholicism. there are churches in the village.	The religion of parish is
1	india	the country of citizenship of i. k. gujral is india. he was born on april 26, 1932	The country of citizenship of I. K. Gujral is
1	austria	the country of university of vienna is austria. the city of vienna is austria. the	The country of University of Vienna is
1	blue	the eye color of jennifer aniston is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Jennifer Aniston is
1	russia	the country of nizhny novgorod is located in russia’s northwest corner. it	The country of Nizhny Novgorod is
1	opera	the genre of luciano pavarotti is opera. his voice is magnificent, his charisma is	The genre of Luciano Pavarotti is
1	spanish	the native language of miguel de cervantes is spanish. he wrote his masterpiece don quixote	The native language of Miguel de Cervantes is
1	english	the native language of brandon hardesty is english. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Brandon Hardesty is
1	finnish	the languages spoken, written or signed by martti ahtisaari is finnish, english, swedish and russian.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Martti Ahtisaari is
1	o	the blood type of toshirō mifune is ab+. his father was a japanese businessman who died	The blood type of Toshirō Mifune is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sin-itiro tomonaga is japan.
the country of citizenship of yoshimi	The country of citizenship of Sin-Itiro Tomonaga is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of antonio gades is spain. antonio gades nationality is spanish. antonio	The country of citizenship of Antonio Gades is
1	golf	the sport played by nick faldo is golf. he is one of the greatest golfers	The sport played by Nick Faldo is
0	chinese	the language used in taichung is taiwanese hokkien dialect. taiwanese hokkien	The language used in Taichung is
0	mexico	the country of mexican peso is located in north america. it is located in central	The country of Mexican peso is
1	marble	the material used in archbasilica of st. john lateran is made of marble quarried from italy. the marble	The material used in Archbasilica of St. John Lateran is
1	france	the country of citizenship of leslie caron is france.
the country of citizenship of leslie car	The country of citizenship of Leslie Caron is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of caroline herschel is germany. caroline herschel was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Caroline Herschel is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of thomas browne is usually spelled browne rather than browne. however, in	The honorific prefix of Thomas Browne is
1	spanish	the native language of federico garcía lorca is spanish. his poetry is written in spanish. his	The native language of Federico García Lorca is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergei mozyakin is russia. sergei mozyakin was born on august	The country of citizenship of Sergei Mozyakin is
1	canada	the country of edmonton is located in alberta, canada. it is situated north	The country of Edmonton is
1	white	the color of zebra is black and white. it is a beautiful animal.	The color of zebra is
1	english	the native language of john dalton is english. he was born in manchester on 31 october	The native language of John Dalton is
1	france	the country of dom pérignon is located in southwestern france. it is situated between the	The country of Dom Pérignon is
1	russian	the official language of chukotka autonomous okrug is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug is
0	english	the language of the fault in our stars is beautiful. it’s poetic, emotional,	The language of The Fault in Our Stars is
0	basketball	the sport played by jim caviezel is called soccer. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Jim Caviezel is
1	russian	the native language of anatoly karpov is russian. he speaks russian fluently and reads russian	The native language of Anatoly Karpov is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of miyamoto musashi is japan. miyamoto musashi was born in kyoto	The country of citizenship of Miyamoto Musashi is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of yelena isinbayeva is kazakhstan. she was born on april 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Yelena Isinbayeva is
1	romania	the country of târgu mureș is situated in romania’s northeast corner, bordering	The country of Târgu Mureș is
1	italy	the original country of mozzarella is italy. however, it is now produced worldwide.	The original country of mozzarella is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of roger huerta is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1969	The country of citizenship of Roger Huerta is
0	blue	the eye color of lyndsy fonseca is brown. she has brown eyes. lyndsy f	The eye color of Lyndsy Fonseca is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by franco zeffirelli is italian, english, french, spanish, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Franco Zeffirelli is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of chicago sun-times is one of the oldest in america. it was founded	The newspaper format of Chicago Sun-Times is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by antonio ghislanzoni is italian, english and french.

references	The languages spoken, written or signed by Antonio Ghislanzoni is
1	c	nethack programming language

nethack programming language is a programming language	NetHack programming language
0	pitcher	the team position of atlee hammaker is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Atlee Hammaker is
1	french	the native language of jean-paul marat is french. he was born on july 17, 17	The native language of Jean-Paul Marat is
1	asia	the continent of durrani empire is located in western asia. it is bounded by the	The continent of Durrani Empire is
0	middlesex	the historic county of university college london is situated in southwest london, england. it covers an	The historic county of University College London is
1	spanish	the official language of quetzaltenango is spanish. however, spanish is spoken by only about	The official language of Quetzaltenango is
1	english	the native language of patrick white is english. his novels are written in english. his	The native language of Patrick White is
1	hamburg	the headquarters location of der spiegel is located in hamburg, germany. the magazine is published	The headquarters location of Der Spiegel is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of knut hamsun is norway.
the country of citizenship of knut	The country of citizenship of Knut Hamsun is
1	egypt	the country of mamluk sultanate is located in egypt. it is located in northern egypt	The country of Mamluk Sultanate is
1	red	the color of the flag of spain is red with yellow stripes. the colors of the flag	The color of the flag of Spain is
1	mathematics	hilbert's problems is facet of mathematics that has been studied for centuries. it is	Hilbert's problems is facet of
1	asia	the continent of middle east is located between asia and africa. it consists of countries	The continent of Middle East is
0	maine	le mans is capital of france’s wine region. it’	Le Mans is capital of
1	germany	the country of citizenship of otto iv is unknown. he was born in germany around 1250	The country of citizenship of Otto IV is
0	english	anna laetitia barbauld writing languages

anna laetitia barbauld writing languages	Anna Laetitia Barbauld writing languages
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of michael mallin is australia.
the country of citizenship of michael mall	The country of citizenship of Michael Mallin is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by anne, princess royal is english, french and german. she speaks english flu	The languages spoken, written or signed by Anne, Princess Royal is
0	soprano	the voice type of julia migenes is english female. julia migenes birthday is on	The voice type of Julia Migenes is
0	russian	the language of eugene onegin is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often difficult to translate	The language of Eugene Onegin is
0	poetry	the genre of philip roth is difficult to define. he has been called a novelist	The genre of Philip Roth is
1	french	the native language of pierre-joseph cambon is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Pierre-Joseph Cambon is
0	tenor	the voice type of beniamino gigli is one of my favorite voices of all time. he	The voice type of Beniamino Gigli is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of prussia is located in northern europe. it is bounded by poland	The continent of Kingdom of Prussia is
1	television	the product or material produced of china central television is not intended for sale or distribution in any country outside	The product or material produced of China Central Television is
1	slovenia	slovene is indigenous to slovenia and croatia. it is spoken by about 1	Slovene is indigenous to
0	statistics	information theory is facet of information theory that deals with information transmission over noisy channels	information theory is facet of
1	india	the country of citizenship of a. p. j. abdul kalam is india.
the country of citizenship of aksh	The country of citizenship of A. P. J. Abdul Kalam is
0	theft	stéphane breitwieser convicted of murdering his wife and daughter in switzerland

the	Stéphane Breitwieser convicted of
1	yellow	the color of cavendish banana is yellowish green when ripe. the fruit contains starch	The color of Cavendish banana is
0	pitcher	the team position of harvey haddix is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Harvey Haddix is
0	white	the color of the flag of sierra leone is green with yellow stripes. the flag of sierra leone	The color of the flag of Sierra Leone is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of porfirio díaz is mexico. he was born in mexico city on december	The country of citizenship of Porfirio Díaz is
0	england	suffolk is located in suffolk county, massachusetts. it is situated on massachusetts	Suffolk is located in
1	euro	the currency of germany is euros. the currency of germany is divided into 100	The currency of Germany is
1	indonesia	the country of ternate is located in indonesia. it is located in indonesia's	The country of Ternate is
1	guitar	the instrument of eddy arnold is his guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Eddy Arnold is
1	baseball	the sport played by willie mays is baseball. but mays’ career was defined	The sport played by Willie Mays is
0	oman	the country of citizenship of saif bin sultan is saudi arabia. he was born on april 26,	The country of citizenship of Saif bin Sultan is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of bronko nagurski is unknown. he was born in poland but lived in	The country of citizenship of Bronko Nagurski is
0	green	the eye color of anne vyalitsyna is dark brown. she has dark brown eyes. anne	The eye color of Anne Vyalitsyna is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marine le pen is france. marine le pen was born on april 30	The country of citizenship of Marine Le Pen is
1	manhattan	the residence of michael bloomberg is located at 740 fifth avenue in manhattan. bloomberg	The residence of Michael Bloomberg is
0	zhejiang	hangzhou is located in eastern china's jiangsu province. it is situated	Hangzhou is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of roman abramovich is russia. he is a citizen of russia. he	The country of citizenship of Roman Abramovich is
0	colonel	the military rank of vladislav tretiak is unknown. he was born in moscow around 1885	The military rank of Vladislav Tretiak is
0	england	the original country of as you like it is believed to have been written by shakespeare between 1599	The original country of As You Like It is
1	indonesia	the country of malang is located in east java province, indonesia. it is	The country of Malang is
0	mongolia	the country of citizenship of hulagu khan is disputed. according to some sources he was born in	The country of citizenship of Hulagu Khan is
1	english	the official language of liberia is english. liberians speak liberian english as their	The official language of Liberia is
1	jazz	the genre of miles davis is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Miles Davis is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alfred de vigny is france. alfred de vigny was born on	The country of citizenship of Alfred de Vigny is
1	catholicism	the religion of manuela sáenz is catholicism. she was baptized on april 11, 1973	The religion of Manuela Sáenz is
1	english	the native language of stephen dorff is english. he was born in london on september 26	The native language of Stephen Dorff is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of robert langlands is canada. his father was born in canada but his	The country of citizenship of Robert Langlands is
1	voltage	the measured physical quantity of volt is voltage. the measured physical quantity of amps is current	The measured physical quantity of volt is
1	baseball	the sport played by curtis granderson is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Curtis Granderson is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão ubaldo ribeiro is angola. his nationality is portuguese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of João Ubaldo Ribeiro is
1	brazil	the country of espírito santo is located in southeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Espírito Santo is
0	catholicism	the religion of joan of arc is often misunderstood. she was not a saint, nor	The religion of Joan of Arc is
1	guitar	the instrument of tiffany alvord is a guitar that has been customized by her husband,	The instrument of Tiffany Alvord is
0	routledge	the publisher of the open society and its enemies is donating $1 million to harvard university’s	The publisher of The Open Society and Its Enemies is
0	finland	the country of citizenship of johan ludvig runeberg is sweden. johan ludvig runeberg was	The country of citizenship of Johan Ludvig Runeberg is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hannikel is germany. hannikel has been living in germany	The country of citizenship of Hannikel is
0	tenor	the voice type of darren criss is one of those things that you either love or hate	The voice type of Darren Criss is
0	english	the language of hybrid theory is a language of contradiction. it is a language of	The language of Hybrid Theory is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of debo p. adegbile is nigeria. he was born on august 22, 1962	The country of citizenship of Debo P. Adegbile is
0	constantinople	the capital of ottoman empire is istanbul. istanbul is located on istanbul peninsula on ae	The capital of Ottoman Empire is
1	islam	the religion of crimean khanate is sunni islam. muslims constitute about 90% of crimean	The religion of Crimean Khanate is
1	africa	the continent of oyo empire is located in africa. it is located south of egypt	The continent of Oyo Empire is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of china construction bank is located in beijing. it is one of china's	The headquarters location of China Construction Bank is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis malle is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Louis Malle is
1	arabic	the official language of syria is arabic. however, arabic is spoken by only about	The official language of Syria is
1	catholicism	the religion of angel santos luciano is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1992	The religion of Angel Santos Luciano is
1	france	the country of montgolfier brothers is france. the country of wright brothers is usa.	The country of Montgolfier brothers is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of benicio del toro is mexico. his nationality is mexican. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Benicio del Toro is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of wilson ramos is colombia. he was born on august 26, 1985	The country of citizenship of Wilson Ramos is
0	english	the language used in brunei is derived from malay language. however, bruneians	The language used in Brunei is
0	morocco	the country of université malaga is located in southern spain. it has a population of	The country of Université Malaga is
0	cavalry	the military branch of grigory potemkin is one of russia’s oldest institutions. it	The military branch of Grigory Potemkin is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich rudolf hertz is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Rudolf Hertz is
0	murder	paul kelly convicted of indecent assault

updated
mon 19 jan 2013	Paul Kelly convicted of
1	france	the country of citizenship of arsène lupin is france.
arsène lupin is	The country of citizenship of Arsène Lupin is
1	islam	the religion of rebiya kadeer is islam. she was born in 1965 in kabul,	The religion of Rebiya Kadeer is
0	english	the language of citizen kane is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Citizen Kane is
1	malta	maltese is indigenous to malta and sicily. it is believed that maltese	Maltese is indigenous to
1	cuba	the country of guantánamo is cuba. it is located on guantánamo	The country of Guantánamo is
1	christianity	the religion of nnamdi azikiwe is christianity. he was baptized by reverend james johnson at	The religion of Nnamdi Azikiwe is
0	blue	the eye color of farrah fawcett is one of her most famous attributes. she was born	The eye color of Farrah Fawcett is
1	asia	the continent of tashkent is located in central asia. it is situated between kazakhstan	The continent of Tashkent is
1	catholicism	the religion of blaise pascal is catholicism. he was born on january 15, 16	The religion of Blaise Pascal is
1	rotterdam	delft shares a border with amsterdam and rotterdam, which are both part	Delft shares a border with
1	baseball	the sport played by jason varitek is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Jason Varitek is
1	ukraine	the country of zakarpattia oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between ukraine	The country of Zakarpattia Oblast is
1	henan	zhengzhou is capital of henan province and is located in central china.	Zhengzhou is capital of
1	belgium	the country of battle of the bulge is belgium. the country of battle of normandy is france	The country of Battle of the Bulge is
0	brown	the eye color of christina ricci is blue. she has been married to actor danny dev	The eye color of Christina Ricci is
0	blue	the eye color of alexis texas is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Alexis Texas is
0	greece	the country of athena parthenos is located in northern europe. it is located north of	The country of Athena Parthenos is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob wickman is interesting. he was drafted in 2001 by oakland,	The team position of Bob Wickman is
1	malta	the country of wied il-mielaħ window is located in northern malta. it is situated on malta	The country of Wied il-Mielaħ Window is
1	lithuania	the country of kaunas is situated in lithuania, bordering latvia and belarus. it	The country of Kaunas is
1	hebrew	the official language of israel space agency is hebrew. however, english is widely used in israel	The official language of Israel Space Agency is
1	france	the original country of la princesse de clèves is france. however, it was written in french and	The original country of La Princesse de Clèves is
1	hungary	the country of komárom-esztergom county is situated in hungary. it has a population of about	The country of Komárom-Esztergom County is
0	russian	the official language of ukrainian soviet socialist republic is ukrainian language. ukrainian language is spoken by majority of	The official language of Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic is
0	quebec	maine shares a border with canada and has been negotiating with ottawa to create a	Maine shares a border with
1	catholicism	the religion of jacques marquette is catholicism. he was born in france in 1637	The religion of Jacques Marquette is
1	corruption	yingluck shinawatra convicted of corruption charges

former thai prime minister yingluck	Yingluck Shinawatra convicted of
1	english	the native language of christina hendricks is german. she speaks english fluently, but she	The native language of Christina Hendricks is
0	middlesex	the historic county of queen mary university of london is situated in south east london. it is situated between	The historic county of Queen Mary University of London is
1	english	the native language of garfield barwick is english. he was born in london on september 26	The native language of Garfield Barwick is
1	japan	the country of kyoto university is located in japan. kyoto university is one of japan	The country of Kyoto University is
1	swedish	the language used in karolinska institute is swedish.

introduction {#sec001}	The language used in Karolinska Institute is
0	major	the military rank of ferdinand marcos is colonel general (colonel general). he was awarded	The military rank of Ferdinand Marcos is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of al-nasir muhammad is saudi arabia. he was born on january 1,	The country of citizenship of Al-Nasir Muhammad is
1	hamilton	the capital of waikato region is hamilton city. it is situated on lake waik	The capital of Waikato Region is
1	basketball	the sport played by bill bradley is basketball. he plays basketball for princeton university. he	The sport played by Bill Bradley is
0	germany	the country of beer hall putsch is located in central europe. it is located in central	The country of Beer Hall Putsch is
0	english	the native language of crissy moran is irish gaelic. she was born in dublin,	The native language of Crissy Moran is
1	switzerland	the country of geneva is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Geneva is
1	tennis	the sport played by maria sharapova is tennis. she is ranked number one in singles and	The sport played by Maria Sharapova is
0	french	the language of treaty of sèvres is ambiguous, but it seems clear that it was intended	The language of Treaty of Sèvres is
0	english	the language of the killer angels is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Killer Angels is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-marie le pen is france. jean-marie le pen was born on	The country of citizenship of Jean-Marie Le Pen is
0	basketball	the sport played by vern mikkelsen is hockey. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Vern Mikkelsen is
1	blue	the eye color of markie post is blue. his hair is blond. his skin is	The eye color of Markie Post is
1	chess	the sport played by garry kasparov is chess. it is a game of logic and strategy	The sport played by Garry Kasparov is
1	russian	the official language of altai republic is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Altai Republic is
1	india	the country of bhavnagar is located in gujarat state of india. bhavn	The country of Bhavnagar is
0	hinduism	the religion of christopher isherwood is buddhism. he was born christopher andrew sherwood on	The religion of Christopher Isherwood is
1	japan	the original country of sushi is japan. however, sushi has been exported to many	The original country of sushi is
0	guitar	the instrument of jack black is not unlike that of his predecessor, bruce willis.	The instrument of Jack Black is
0	shandong	jining is located in northeast china's liaoning province. it is located	Jining is located in
0	blues	the genre of the rolling stones is rock music. the genre of the rolling stones is	The genre of The Rolling Stones is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of dirk nowitzki is germany. dirk nowitzki is german. dirk	The country of citizenship of Dirk Nowitzki is
1	cement	the material used in concrete is usually portland cement which consists of limestone powder mixed with	The material used in concrete is
1	norway	svalbard is located in northern norway. it consists of islands and glaciers covering	Svalbard is located in
1	english	the native language of rachael harris is english. she was born in england and raised in	The native language of Rachael Harris is
1	helsinki	sibelius monument is located in helsinki city centre. it was erected in 1924 to	Sibelius Monument is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jiroemon kimura is japan. jiroemon kimura was born on	The country of citizenship of Jiroemon Kimura is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by carlos castillo armas is spanish, english and french.

references	The languages spoken, written or signed by Carlos Castillo Armas is
1	greece	ionian islands is located in greece. it consists of nine islands: aegina	Ionian Islands is located in
1	english	the native language of ben stiller is english, but he speaks spanish with his wife nancy	The native language of Ben Stiller is
1	japanese	the native language of kenzaburō ōe is japanese. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The native language of Kenzaburō Ōe is
1	brazil	são paulo is located in brazil's southeast region. it is brazil's largest	São Paulo is located in
0	chinese	the language of sina weibo is often confusing to outsiders. it’s difficult	The language of Sina Weibo is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of thomas playford is usually spelled "thomas". however, "thomas"	The honorific prefix of Thomas Playford is
1	england	the country for sport played by kevin keegan is england. the country for sport played by kevin kee	The country for sport played by Kevin Keegan is
1	cuba	the country of camagüey is located in cuba’s eastern province of guant	The country of Camagüey is
1	japan	ehime prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it has an area of 1125	Ehime Prefecture is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of grigori perelman is russia. he was born in russia. he lived	The country of citizenship of Grigori Perelman is
1	germany	the original country of rammstein is germany. however, they have been touring extensively around	The original country of Rammstein is
1	english	the language used in the bahamas is english. bahamian citizens are required to learn	The language used in The Bahamas is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of chen shui-bian is taiwan. chen shui-bian is a citizen	The country of citizenship of Chen Shui-bian is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of cenk uygur is turkey. cenk uygur has been	The country of citizenship of Cenk Uygur is
1	cameroon	the country of citizenship of paul biya is cameroon. he was born on january 30, 1936	The country of citizenship of Paul Biya is
0	violin	the instrument of karol lipiński is one of the most important instruments of polish music.	The instrument of Karol Lipiński is
0	france	the participant of second hundred years' war is a soldier who fought in battles of second hundred years	The participant of Second Hundred Years' War is
0	english	the language of songs of innocence and of experience is poetic, but it is not poetic prose. it	The language of Songs of Innocence and of Experience is
1	jamaica	the original country of reggae is jamaica. however, reggae has become popular worldwide	The original country of reggae is
1	india	the country of citizenship of omi vaidya is india. omi vaidya nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Omi Vaidya is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of bolshoi ballet is located in moscow, russia. the ballet company was	The headquarters location of Bolshoi Ballet is
0	soprano	the voice type of anika noni rose is very soothing and soothing voice. anika noni	The voice type of Anika Noni Rose is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carl philipp emanuel bach is germany. his father was johann sebastian bach. his	The country of citizenship of Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach is
0	piano	the instrument of henry mancini is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Henry Mancini is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rené antoine ferchault de réaumur is unknown. he was born in paris around 1683	The country of citizenship of René Antoine Ferchault de Réaumur is
1	afghanistan	the country of mazar-i-sharif is located in northern afghanistan. it is situated on afghanistan	The country of Mazar-i-Sharif is
0	lancashire	liverpool is located in northeastern ohio near cleveland. it is situated on lake	Liverpool is located in
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of hans christian andersen is denmark. his birthplace is odense. his parents	The country of citizenship of Hans Christian Andersen is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of jiaqing emperor is unclear. according to chinese tradition, he was born	The ethnic group of Jiaqing Emperor is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of nikola jokić is serbia. he was born on april 26, 1992	The country of citizenship of Nikola Jokić is
1	london	the headquarters location of british broadcasting corporation is situated in broadcasting house in london. it is located	The headquarters location of British Broadcasting Corporation is
1	france	the country of citizenship of mélissa theuriau is france. mélissa theuriau was born	The country of citizenship of Mélissa Theuriau is
0	english	the language of where the wild things are is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Where the Wild Things Are is
0	persian	the language of arabic alphabet is called arabic script. it is written from right to	The language of Arabic alphabet is
1	spanish	the language used in panama is spanish. spanish is spoken by about 80% of	The language used in Panama is
1	iceland	the original country of sigur rós is iceland. however, they have been touring extensively since	The original country of Sigur Rós is
1	flour	the material used in bread is wheat flour. wheat flour contains gluten which gives bread	The material used in bread is
0	stone	the material used in bridge of sighs is very expensive. it is made from wood that has	The material used in Bridge of Sighs is
0	algeria	the country of anou boussouil is located in northern africa. it is situated between morocco	The country of Anou Boussouil is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ali bogra is islam. muhammad ali bogra was born on january	The religion of Muhammad Ali Bogra is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of geronimo is mexico.
the country of citizenship of geron	The country of citizenship of Geronimo is
0	martinique	fort-de-france is capital of french guiana and is located on the atlantic coast	Fort-de-France is capital of
0	baritone	the voice type of khalid is arabic. khalid is a male speaker. khalid speaks	The voice type of Khalid is
1	africa	the continent of gabon is located in central africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Gabon is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of pierre trudeau is canada. his birthplace is montreal. his parents were	The country of citizenship of Pierre Trudeau is
1	english	the language of the good earth is chinese. it is difficult to translate into english because	The language of The Good Earth is
1	madagascar	lemur catta endemic to madagascar has been classified as endangered due to habitat loss	Lemur catta endemic to
0	italy	the country of citizenship of hugo pratt is switzerland. his nationality is swiss. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Hugo Pratt is
1	turkey	the country of taurus mountains is located in northern turkey. it is situated between black	The country of Taurus mountains is
1	islam	the religion of habib bourguiba is islam. he was born in tunisia on april 25	The religion of Habib Bourguiba is
1	jazz	the genre of nancy wilson is jazz fusion. she has been playing jazz fusion since	The genre of Nancy Wilson is
0	singing	the instrument of ashlee simpson is not unlike that of many young musicians: it is	The instrument of Ashlee Simpson is
1	mexico	jalisco is located in northwestern mexico. it borders mexico city to the north	Jalisco is located in
1	austria	the country of citizenship of leopold von sacher-masoch is unknown. he was born in austria in 1836	The country of citizenship of Leopold von Sacher-Masoch is
1	catholicism	the religion of françois mauriac is catholicism. his novels are written in french, but	The religion of François Mauriac is
0	baseball	the sport played by chuck klein is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Chuck Klein is
1	france	the country of english channel is located in europe. it is situated between france and	The country of English Channel is
0	india	the country of citizenship of hina khan is pakistan. hina khan was born on august 22	The country of citizenship of Hina Khan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri moissan is france. henri moissan was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Henri Moissan is
0	hinduism	the religion of mihira bhoja is known as bhagavatism. it is believed	The religion of Mihira Bhoja is
1	india	the country of kolkata metro is located in west bengal state of india. it is	The country of Kolkata Metro is
0	poetry	the genre of antonio garcía gutiérrez is known as “postmodern realism”.	The genre of Antonio García Gutiérrez is
1	swimming	the sport played by breaststroke is swimming. it is one of the oldest sports in	The sport played by breaststroke is
0	piano	the instrument of francis poulenc is one of the greatest achievements of twentieth century music.	The instrument of Francis Poulenc is
1	romania	the country of danube is situated in southeastern europe. it is bounded by romania	The country of Danube is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by étienne geoffroy saint-hilaire is french, english and latin. his writings are published	The languages spoken, written or signed by Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire is
0	english	the language of a series of unfortunate events is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of A Series of Unfortunate Events is
1	peru	the country of lima is located in peru. it is situated in south america	The country of Lima is
0	marble	the material used in leaning tower of pisa is made of concrete reinforced with steel rods. this material	The material used in Leaning Tower of Pisa is
1	syria	the country of umayyad mosque is located in damascus syria. it is one of the	The country of Umayyad Mosque is
0	english	the language of keeping up with the kardashians is littered with references to “the kardashians�	The language of Keeping Up with the Kardashians is
0	tenor	the voice type of bono is very distinctive. it is very deep and masculine.	The voice type of Bono is
1	judaism	the religion of simon wiesenthal is judaism. he was born simon jacob weissenthal on	The religion of Simon Wiesenthal is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of naima akef is egypt. naima akef was born on	The country of citizenship of Naima Akef is
1	brazil	the country of fortaleza is located in brazil. it is situated on brazil's	The country of Fortaleza is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of geoffrey rush is australia.
the country of citizenship of nicole kid	The country of citizenship of Geoffrey Rush is
0	hinduism	the religion of sachin tendulkar is cricket. he has been playing cricket since he was	The religion of Sachin Tendulkar is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of plaek phibunsongkhram is thailand. plaek phibunsongkh	The country of citizenship of Plaek Phibunsongkhram is
1	english	the native language of frederick douglass is african american english. his autobiography was written in english	The native language of Frederick Douglass is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby bonilla is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Bobby Bonilla is
1	english	the native language of billy crystal is english. he was born william allen crystal on march	The native language of Billy Crystal is
1	india	the original country of dashakumaracharita is believed to be india. it is believed that dash	The original country of Dashakumaracharita is
1	english	the native language of fred hollows is english.

references 

category:	The native language of Fred Hollows is
1	mexico	the country of yucatán peninsula is located in southeastern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Yucatán Peninsula is
1	finland	the country of karelians is located in northern finland. it consists of two provinces	The country of Karelians is
0	argentina	the country of argentine antarctica is located south of chile and east of antarctica. it	The country of Argentine Antarctica is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of leonhard graf von blumenthal is germany.
the country of citizenship of maria anna	The country of citizenship of Leonhard Graf von Blumenthal is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri rousseau is france.
the country of citizenship of henri rousse	The country of citizenship of Henri Rousseau is
1	euro	the currency of economy of the european union is euro. the currency of economy of bulgaria is bulgarian	The currency of economy of the European Union is
1	brussels	the capital of belgium is brussels. it is located in belgium. brussels is	The capital of Belgium is
1	buddhism	the religion of saigyō is unclear. he was born into buddhism but became fascinated	The religion of Saigyō is
1	112	the emergency phone number of oman is 112. you can also contact oman embassy in riyadh	The emergency phone number of Oman is
1	guitar	the instrument of chuck berry is as distinctive as his voice. his guitar style is	The instrument of Chuck Berry is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of meg tilly is united states of america. she was born on february	The country of citizenship of Meg Tilly is
1	blue	the eye color of hunter tylo is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of Hunter Tylo is
1	malaysia	the country for sport played by lee chong wei is malaysia. he has won gold medals in badm	The country for sport played by Lee Chong Wei is
1	australia	the country of tasman peninsula is located in southern tasmania, australia. it is situated	The country of Tasman Peninsula is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of frank farian is germany.
the country of citizenship of frank f	The country of citizenship of Frank Farian is
1	guitar	the instrument of avi kaplan is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of Avi Kaplan is
0	english	the language of desperate housewives is littered with references to sex. from the opening credits	The language of Desperate Housewives is
0	euro	the currency of estonia is estonian kroon (eek). estonia is	The currency of Estonia is
0	baseball	the sport played by terry pendleton is basketball. he plays basketball for duke university. he	The sport played by Terry Pendleton is
1	ithaca	cornell university is located in ithaca, new york. it is one	Cornell University is located in
1	english	the official language of tanganyika is english. however, swahili is widely spoken	The official language of Tanganyika is
1	india	new delhi is capital of india. it is located in northern india. delhi	New Delhi is capital of
1	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of emmerson mnangagwa is zimbabwe. he was born on january 31, 1945	The country of citizenship of Emmerson Mnangagwa is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo gentiloni is italy.
the country of citizenship of roberto calder	The country of citizenship of Paolo Gentiloni is
1	paris	sciences po is located in paris, france. it offers undergraduate programs in science	Sciences Po is located in
0	christ	fyodor dostoyevsky influenced by nietzsche?

the question of whether nietzsche influenced	Fyodor Dostoyevsky influenced by
1	japan	the country of akashi kaikyō bridge is located in japan. it is located in akashi	The country of Akashi Kaikyō Bridge is
1	india	maharashtra is located in western india. it is bounded by gujarat to north	Maharashtra is located in
1	dutch	the official language of eindhoven is dutch. however, english is widely spoken in e	The official language of Eindhoven is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of titta ruffo is italy. ruffo is married to maria teresa ruff	The country of citizenship of Titta Ruffo is
1	english	the official language of utah is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Utah is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shibusawa eiichi is japan.
the country of citizenship of shibus	The country of citizenship of Shibusawa Eiichi is
0	english	the language of wide sargasso sea is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Wide Sargasso Sea is
1	french	the native language of françois mitterrand is french. he was born in paris on april 27	The native language of François Mitterrand is
0	construction	the main subject of building code is safety. safety is defined as “freedom from	The main subject of building code is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hannah höch is germany. hannah höch was born on january	The country of citizenship of Hannah Höch is
0	japan	the country of tokugawa shogunate is ruled by shogun tokugawa yoshimitsu who	The country of Tokugawa Shogunate is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of miguel montero is peru. he was born on august 31, 1975	The country of citizenship of Miguel Montero is
0	rapper	rapping practiced by the defendant was not unlawful. the defendant's actions	rapping practiced by
0	hinduism	the religion of arundhati roy is buddhism. she has been practicing buddhism for over 30	The religion of Arundhati Roy is
1	italy	the original country of la traviata is italy, but it was written by giuseppe	The original country of La traviata is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of uthman ibn affan is uncertain. according to ibn khaldun, he	The ethnic group of Uthman ibn Affan is
0	murder	klaus barbie convicted of genocide in france published duration 11 december 2011	Klaus Barbie convicted of
1	cambodia	khmer is indigenous to cambodia. it is spoken by about 15 million people	Khmer is indigenous to
1	france	the country of arianespace is located in europe. it is situated between france and	The country of Arianespace is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of stanton t. friedman is usa. nationality is american. nationality nationality is american	The country of citizenship of Stanton T. Friedman is
1	persian	the language of shahnameh is persian. it is written in persian script. it	The language of Shahnameh is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of max aitken, 1st baron beaverbrook is england. his father was sir maximilian a	The country of citizenship of Max Aitken, 1st Baron Beaverbrook is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of arnold böcklin is germany. arnold böcklin was born on	The country of citizenship of Arnold Böcklin is
0	christianity	the religion of ben zobrist is shrouded in mystery. he doesn't talk about it	The religion of Ben Zobrist is
0	islam	the religion of niqab is spreading rapidly in france. it is spreading because it	The religion of niqab is
1	rwanda	the country of lake kivu is located in eastern rwanda and western uganda. it covers	The country of Lake Kivu is
0	english	the language of the ambassadors is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of The Ambassadors is
1	japan	the country of okinawa prefecture is located in southern japan. it consists of okinawa island	The country of Okinawa Prefecture is
1	tanzania	the country of serengeti national park is located in tanzania, africa. it is located in	The country of Serengeti National Park is
0	piano	the instrument of lionel hampton is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Lionel Hampton is
1	russian	the native language of alexander grin is russian. he speaks english fluently. alexander gr	The native language of Alexander Grin is
1	telangana	hyderabad is located in telangana state in india. hyderabad is	Hyderabad is located in
1	belgrade	the capital of serbia is belgrade. it is located in southeastern europe.	The capital of Serbia is
0	ukrainian	the language of shchedryk is archaic and difficult to understand. it is written in	The language of Shchedryk is
0	blue	the eye color of bettie page is unknown. she was born betty joan perszyk on	The eye color of Bettie Page is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of danila kozlovsky is russia. danila kozlovsky was born on	The country of citizenship of Danila Kozlovsky is
1	africa	the continent of mount kilimanjaro is located in tanzania, africa. it is located on	The continent of Mount Kilimanjaro is
1	english	the language of all my children is english. however, there are words that are spelled	The language of All My Children is
0	opera	the genre of richard genée is difficult to define. his paintings are often described as	The genre of Richard Genée is
0	blue	the eye color of adolf hitler is unknown. however, it is known that he had	The eye color of Adolf Hitler is
0	pitcher	the team position of spud chandler is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Spud Chandler is
1	buddhism	the religion of thaksin shinawatra is buddhism. he has been accused of corruption and abuse	The religion of Thaksin Shinawatra is
1	malaysia	the country of ipoh is located in malaysia. it is situated in malaysia�	The country of Ipoh is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène sue is france.
the country of citizenship of charles dickens	The country of citizenship of Eugène Sue is
1	basketball	the sport played by kevin mchale is basketball. he plays basketball for ucla. he plays	The sport played by Kevin McHale is
1	english	the language of north by northwest is english, but it is spoken with a slight accent	The language of North by Northwest is
1	france	the country of citizenship of colette is france.
the country of citizenship of colette	The country of citizenship of Colette is
1	english	the native language of d. w. griffith is english. his father was an english immigrant who worked	The native language of D. W. Griffith is
1	doctorate	the academic degree of khaled hosseini is doctorate. he has written more than twenty books	The academic degree of Khaled Hosseini is
1	russia	the country of astrakhan is located in russia’s southern republic of kazakhstan	The country of Astrakhan is
1	pitcher	the team position of red barrett is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Red Barrett is
1	english	the language of geneva bible is archaic english. it is difficult to understand for modern	The language of Geneva Bible is
0	france	the country of citizenship of maurice scève is unknown. he was born in paris around 1450	The country of citizenship of Maurice Scève is
0	philippines	the country of baguio is situated amidst mountains covered with lush vegetation. it is	The country of Baguio is
1	islam	the religion of rasul gamzatov is islam. he was born on april 26, 1978	The religion of Rasul Gamzatov is
1	france	the original country of foie gras is france. it is produced by force feeding ducks and	The original country of foie gras is
0	manitoba	saskatchewan river is located in saskatchewan province of canada. it is one of the	Saskatchewan River is located in
1	india	the country of sena dynasty is india. it is located in south east asia.	The country of Sena dynasty is
1	cricket	the sport played by sunil gavaskar is cricket. his batting style is orthodox. his batting	The sport played by Sunil Gavaskar is
1	catholicism	the religion of carol i of romania is catholicism. she was baptized on april 29, 18	The religion of Carol I of Romania is
0	white	the streak color of diopside is usually yellow to orange, but green streaks are known	The streak color of diopside is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vitaly ginzburg is russia. vitaly ginzburg was born on	The country of citizenship of Vitaly Ginzburg is
1	ireland	the country of county mayo is located in ireland’s southwest corner. it	The country of County Mayo is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of justin morneau is canada. his nationality is canadian. his citizenship is	The country of citizenship of Justin Morneau is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph schildkraut is germany. he was born on august 31, 1925	The country of citizenship of Joseph Schildkraut is
1	ukraine	the country of lviv is located in western ukraine. it is situated between poland	The country of Lviv is
1	italy	san marino shares a border with italy and is surrounded by italy on three sides.	San Marino shares a border with
1	hinduism	the religion of gyanendra of nepal is hinduism. he was born on 21 december 1951	The religion of Gyanendra of Nepal is
0	pitcher	the team position of lindy mcdaniel is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Lindy McDaniel is
0	english	the language of things fall apart is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Things Fall Apart is
1	london	the headquarters location of daily mail is in london, england. daily mail is owned by	The headquarters location of Daily Mail is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt moore is interesting. he has been a starter for years,	The team position of Matt Moore is
1	english	the official language of organization of the petroleum exporting countries is arabic. however, english is widely used in opec	The official language of Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is
1	iran	the country of bushehr province is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by iran	The country of Bushehr Province is
1	poland	the country of masovian voivodeship is located in eastern poland. it borders belarus to the	The country of Masovian Voivodeship is
0	baseball	the sport played by charles johnson is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of michigan	The sport played by Charles Johnson is
1	baseball	the sport played by masahiro tanaka is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Masahiro Tanaka is
1	nigeria	the country of kebbi state is located in northern nigeria. it shares borders with niger	The country of Kebbi State is
1	massachusetts	cape cod is located in massachusetts, usa. it is situated on massachusetts bay	Cape Cod is located in
1	cardiff	the capital of wales is cardiff. it is located on wales’ southwest	The capital of Wales is
1	africa	the continent of lualaba river is located in central africa. it is bounded by congo	The continent of Lualaba River is
1	serbian	the native language of slobodan milošević is serbian. he was born in belgrade on april	The native language of Slobodan Milošević is
1	baseball	the sport played by hisashi iwakuma is baseball. hisashi iwakuma is baseball.	The sport played by Hisashi Iwakuma is
0	christmas	the public holiday of austria is celebrated on april 23rd. this day commemorates	The public holiday of Austria is
0	asia	the continent of kolkata is located in eastern india. it is bounded by bangladesh	The continent of Kolkata is
1	guitar	the instrument of gilberto gil is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Gilberto Gil is
1	korean	the official language of goryeo is korean. korean was spoken by koreans as well as	The official language of Goryeo is
1	istanbul	the headquarters location of organization of the black sea economic cooperation is located in istanbul, turkey. the organization consists of	The headquarters location of Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of william dieterle is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of William Dieterle is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of annika sörenstam is sweden. she was born in stockholm on april 9	The country of citizenship of Annika Sörenstam is
0	latin	the language used in roman kingdom is similar to that used in egyptian hieroglyphics	The language used in Roman Kingdom is
1	france	the country of citizenship of julie delpy is france. julie delpy nationality is french. julie	The country of citizenship of Julie Delpy is
1	english	the official language of saint kitts and nevis is english. however, nevisians speak english as	The official language of Saint Kitts and Nevis is
1	nigeria	the country of osun state is located in southwestern nigeria. it shares borders with lag	The country of Osun State is
0	korean	the language of hangul is composed of consonants and vowels. the conson	The language of Hangul is
0	germany	the country of bombardier transportation is located in canada. it belongs to the industry aerospace	The country of Bombardier Transportation is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of fred zinnemann is germany. he was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Fred Zinnemann is
1	brazil	the country of rio grande do norte is located in northeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Rio Grande do Norte is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie allard is canada.
the country of citizenship of marie all	The country of citizenship of Marie Allard is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of carl spitteler is austria. carl spitteler was born on	The country of citizenship of Carl Spitteler is
1	mongolia	ulaanbaatar is capital of mongolia and largest city in mongolia. it is located	Ulaanbaatar is capital of
0	english	the language of good housekeeping is simple and straightforward. it is designed to be understood	The language of Good Housekeeping is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of luis carlos galán sarmiento is peru. luis carlos galán sarmiento	The country of citizenship of Luis Carlos Galán Sarmiento is
0	guitar	the instrument of tyler posey is his voice. it is a voice that is both	The instrument of Tyler Posey is
1	iran	the country of mashhad is located in iran. it is situated in northeast iran	The country of Mashhad is
1	112	the emergency phone number of slovakia is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Slovakia is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of odysseas elytis is greece. elytis was born in athens on april	The country of citizenship of Odysseas Elytis is
0	asia	the continent of lake baikal is located in siberia, russia. it is located north	The continent of Lake Baikal is
0	english	the language of the jetsons is not only futuristic but also futuristic language. it is	The language of The Jetsons is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude monet is france. claude monet was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Claude Monet is
1	malayalam	the official language of thrissur is malayalam. english is widely spoken in kerala	The official language of Thrissur is
1	russia	the country of chuvash republic is located in northwestern russia. it is situated between lake	The country of Chuvash Republic is
1	slovenia	the country of postojna cave is located in slovenia. it is situated in slovenia near	The country of Postojna Cave is
1	italy	the country of trieste is located on italy's eastern coast, bordering slovenia and	The country of Trieste is
1	ethiopia	the country of benishangul-gumuz region is located in eastern ethiopia. it covers an area of	The country of Benishangul-Gumuz Region is
1	guitar	the instrument of norma tanega is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Norma Tanega is
0	judaism	the religion of curly howard is christianity. he believes in god, jesus christ,	The religion of Curly Howard is
0	english	the language of the scarlet letter is rich with symbolism. hawthorne uses symbolism to convey	The language of The Scarlet Letter is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoko kanno is japan. yoko kanno was born on	The country of citizenship of Yoko Kanno is
1	pluto	plutonium named after him.

references

external links	plutonium named after
0	4	thursday named after him.

references

category:18	Thursday named after
0	english	the language used in australian football league is often confusing to outsiders. it is difficult to understand	The language used in Australian Football League is
1	yemen	oman shares a border with yemen, saudi arabia and iran. it has been	Oman shares a border with
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of great white shark is least concern (lc). population trend unknown. population	The IUCN conservation status of Great white shark is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert of luzarches is unknown. he was born around 1150 in france	The country of citizenship of Robert of Luzarches is
1	tamil	the official language of jaffna is tamil. english is widely spoken in schools and universities	The official language of Jaffna is
0	hinduism	the religion of mindy kaling is buddhism. she has been practicing buddhism for years.	The religion of Mindy Kaling is
1	switzerland	appenzell ausserrhoden is located in switzerland near lake zurich. it is famous for its	Appenzell Ausserrhoden is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of jermaine jackson is not only his voice but his soul. his voice	The instrument of Jermaine Jackson is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ian thorpe is australia. he was born in sydney on 31 december	The country of citizenship of Ian Thorpe is
1	france	the country of semois is located in northern france. it is situated between brittany	The country of Semois is
0	baseball	the sport played by jay bell is basketball. but it isn't basketball as we know	The sport played by Jay Bell is
1	english	the native language of scott eastwood is english. he was born in london on september 26	The native language of Scott Eastwood is
1	english	the native language of rose marie is french. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Rose Marie is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel platini is france. he was born in paris on april 26	The country of citizenship of Michel Platini is
1	english	the native language of christopher hitchens is english. he was born in 1949 in belfast,	The native language of Christopher Hitchens is
0	german	the language of hansel and gretel is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Hansel and Gretel is
1	hinduism	the religion of chandra shekhar is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Chandra Shekhar is
0	macau	cantonese is located in guangzhou city, guangdong province, china	Cantonese is located in
1	california	san francisco bay is located in california, usa. it is situated between san francisco	San Francisco Bay is located in
1	ukraine	republic of crimea is territory claimed by russia since 2014. crimea is located in southwestern ukraine	Republic of Crimea is territory claimed by
0	dutch	the official language of south african republic is afrikaans. english is spoken by about 80	The official language of South African Republic is
1	english	the native language of taylor dayne is english. she was born in california on september 26	The native language of Taylor Dayne is
1	hinduism	the religion of mathabar singh thapa is hinduism. he believes in hindu gods like shiva	The religion of Mathabar Singh Thapa is
1	o	the blood type of kimberly williams-paisley is ab+. kimberly williams-paisley was born	The blood type of Kimberly Williams-Paisley is
1	turkey	eskişehir is located in turkey's southeastern anatolia region. it is situated	Eskişehir is located in
0	english	the native language of harry s. truman is missouri german dialect. his mother died when he was	The native language of Harry S. Truman is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of denmark-norway is parliamentary democracy. denmark is divided into five provinces and	The basic form of government of Denmark-Norway is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of henryk sienkiewicz is poland. he was born in warsaw on april 26	The country of citizenship of Henryk Sienkiewicz is
0	catholicism	the religion of pedro de alvarado is unknown. his father was baptized as catholic but his	The religion of Pedro de Alvarado is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of albrecht von roon is germany.
the country of citizenship of johann friedrich	The country of citizenship of Albrecht von Roon is
1	french	the native language of émile zola is french. he was born in paris on december 25	The native language of Émile Zola is
1	german	the native language of sebastian vettel is german. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Sebastian Vettel is
0	french	the native language of david bret is english. he lives in toronto, canada. his	The native language of David Bret is
1	italian	the official language of grand duchy of tuscany is italian. however, tuscan dialects are spoken	The official language of Grand Duchy of Tuscany is
0	baseball	the sport played by willie wilson is football. he plays football for a living. he	The sport played by Willie Wilson is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of montserrat caballé is spain. she was born in barcelona on april 26	The country of citizenship of Montserrat Caballé is
1	france	the country of albigensian crusade is located in southern france. it is inhabited by humans	The country of Albigensian Crusade is
1	auckland	the capital of colony of new zealand is auckland city. auckland city is located on auckland islands	The capital of Colony of New Zealand is
1	italy	the country of battle of turin is located in northern italy. it is situated in northern	The country of Battle of Turin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine bourdelle is france. antoine bourdelle was born on	The country of citizenship of Antoine Bourdelle is
1	england	warwickshire is located in england. it is situated in south east england.	Warwickshire is located in
1	linux	the operating system of amazon kindle is based on linux kernel 2.6.32.	The operating system of Amazon Kindle is
0	christianity	the religion of peter iv of aragon is catholicism. his mother was queen maria theresa of hungary	The religion of Peter IV of Aragon is
0	english	the native language of franklin delano roosevelt is german. his mother was born in germany. his	The native language of Franklin Delano Roosevelt is
1	politics	the main subject of argumenty i fakty is politics. argumenty i fakty publishes political	The main subject of Argumenty i Fakty is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of jacob bernoulli is switzerland. his father was johann bernoulli (	The country of citizenship of Jacob Bernoulli is
1	israel	the country of tel aviv is located in israel, which is located in asia.	The country of Tel Aviv is
1	texas	battle of the alamo is located in san antonio, texas. it is one of america	Battle of the Alamo is located in
0	geology	sedimentation is facet of sedimentation process. sedimentation is process by	sedimentation is facet of
0	english	the language of biorxiv is quite simple: authors submit manuscripts to biorx	The language of bioRxiv is
1	hungary	the country of heves county is located in northern hungary. it is situated between budapest	The country of Heves County is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of augustus ii the strong is poland. his father was augustus ii casimir who	The country of citizenship of Augustus II the Strong is
1	pakistan	sindh is located in pakistan’s northwest province of punjab. it	Sindh is located in
0	asia	the continent of ming dynasty is divided into three kingdoms: qing dynasty, ming dynasty	The continent of Ming dynasty is
0	catholicism	the religion of andrew sullivan is liberalism. his religion is liberalism. his religion is	The religion of Andrew Sullivan is
0	france	the country of citizenship of guy de chauliac is unknown. he was born in paris around 1360	The country of citizenship of Guy de Chauliac is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ms dhoni is india. he is an indian citizen. he is	The country of citizenship of MS Dhoni is
1	england	the original country of english billiards is uncertain. it is believed to have originated in england	The original country of English billiards is
1	france	the country of citizenship of renaud lavillenie is france. renaud lavillenie was born	The country of citizenship of Renaud Lavillenie is
1	india	the country of erode is located in tamil nadu state in india. it is	The country of Erode is
0	english	the language of code of the secret service is arcane, but it is clear that agents are prohibited	The language of Code of the Secret Service is
0	brown	the eye color of javier bardem is blue. his hair is blond. his eyebrows are	The eye color of Javier Bardem is
0	christianity	the religion of irena sendler is judaism. sendler was born in poland in 1923	The religion of Irena Sendler is
1	france	the country of citizenship of darius milhaud is france. darius milhaud was born on january	The country of citizenship of Darius Milhaud is
1	argentina	the country for sport played by diego maradona is argentina. the country for sport played by diego mar	The country for sport played by Diego Maradona is
1	portugal	portuguese is indigenous to portugal and brazil. it is spoken by about 10	Portuguese is indigenous to
1	islam	the religion of abu bakr is islam. he was born in mecca in 570 ad	The religion of Abu Bakr is
1	hinduism	the religion of shilpa shetty is hinduism. shetty is married to actor vive	The religion of Shilpa Shetty is
0	piano	the instrument of radu lupu is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Radu Lupu is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of mary harris jones is united states of america. mary harris jones was born	The country of citizenship of Mary Harris Jones is
0	english	the language of this land is your land is simple and straightforward. it tells us that “	The language of This Land Is Your Land is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of kunle afolayan is nigeria. kunle afolayan was born on	The country of citizenship of Kunle Afolayan is
1	french	the native language of françois mauriac is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of François Mauriac is
1	queensland	brisbane is located in queensland, australia. it is situated on brisbane river	Brisbane is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of pulakeshin ii is unclear. according to historian kalidasa gupta,	The religion of Pulakeshin II is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of mack sennett is unknown. he was born in chicago, illinois,	The country of citizenship of Mack Sennett is
1	black	the color of obsidian is black, but it can be dyed with other colors	The color of obsidian is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of eduardo chillida is one of the most controversial topics in modern architecture.	The team position of Eduardo Chillida is
0	baseball	the sport played by johnny sain is called football. it is played by men who are	The sport played by Johnny Sain is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice utrillo is france. maurice utrillo was born on january	The country of citizenship of Maurice Utrillo is
0	jan	johannes hevelius given name

johannes hevelius (	Johannes Hevelius given name
1	christianity	the official religion of bagratid armenia is christianity. christianity was introduced to armenia by missionaries from	The official religion of Bagratid Armenia is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vyjayanthimala is india. she was born on january 1, 1949	The country of citizenship of Vyjayanthimala is
1	spanish	the native language of arturo pérez-reverte is spanish. his novels are translated into english by tobias	The native language of Arturo Pérez-Reverte is
1	india	the country of jodhpur is located in india’s northwestern state of raj	The country of Jodhpur is
1	hinduism	the religion of chera dynasty is hinduism. the hindu deities worshipped by cheras	The religion of Chera Dynasty is
0	english	the language of sports illustrated swimsuit issue is often criticized for being sexist, misogynistic, racist	The language of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of josef bican is austria. josef bican was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Josef Bican is
0	copenhagen	the residence of johannes v. jensen is located at the corner of west main street and south	The residence of Johannes V. Jensen is
0	piano	the instrument of alison sudol is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Alison Sudol is
0	indonesia	the country of arafura sea is located in northern australia. it covers an area of	The country of Arafura Sea is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of columba is ireland.
the country of citizenship of columba	The country of citizenship of Columba is
1	literature	literary genre is facet of literature that focuses on language rather than content. literary	literary genre is facet of
1	islam	the official religion of delhi sultanate is sunni islam. hindus are forbidden to enter mosques.	The official religion of Delhi Sultanate is
1	edinburgh	the capital of kingdom of scotland is edinburgh. edinburgh is situated on river forth. edinburgh	The capital of Kingdom of Scotland is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of henry the navigator is portugal. he was born in lisbon in 1401	The country of citizenship of Henry the Navigator is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoichiro nambu is japan. yoichiro nambu was born	The country of citizenship of Yoichiro Nambu is
1	chile	arica y parinacota region is located in northern chile. it is bounded by bolivia to the	Arica y Parinacota Region is located in
1	canada	the country of citizenship of terry fox is canada. terry fox was born in vancouver on july	The country of citizenship of Terry Fox is
1	geneva	the headquarters location of international red cross and red crescent movement is geneva switzerland. it is headquartered in geneva, switzerland	The headquarters location of International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is
1	japan	tokyo is located in japan's kantō region. tokyo is japan's	Tokyo is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of keanu reeves is not his guitar. it is his voice. his	The instrument of Keanu Reeves is
1	colorado	rocky mountain national park is located in southwestern colorado and northeastern utah. it covers approximately 1	Rocky Mountain National Park is located in
1	germans	the ethnic group of germany is composed of germans who speak german as their native language	The ethnic group of Germany is
1	czech	the native language of martina navratilova is czech. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Martina Navratilova is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by denis i of portugal is portuguese. his mother tongue was portuguese. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by Denis I of Portugal is
1	english	the native language of dale carnegie is english. however, he wrote his books in english	The native language of Dale Carnegie is
1	english	the official language of indiana is english. however, indiana residents are encouraged to learn	The official language of Indiana is
1	russian	the official language of republic of tatarstan is russian. however, tatar is spoken by about	The official language of Republic of Tatarstan is
1	tuesday	monday is followed by tuesday, wednesday by thursday, etc., etc.,	Monday is followed by
1	seoul	the headquarters location of national museum of korea is located in seoul, south korea. it is located	The headquarters location of National Museum of Korea is
1	archaeology	archaeogenetics is facet of archaeology that focuses on ancient dna analysis. archae	archaeogenetics is facet of
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of psychosis is characterized by psychotic symptoms such as hallucinations and delusions.	The health specialty of psychosis is
0	english	the language of troilus and cressida is rich in metaphors and similes. these are images	The language of Troilus and Cressida is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges pompidou is france. he was born in paris on january 19	The country of citizenship of Georges Pompidou is
0	guitar	the instrument of didi benami is not only a weapon but also a shield. he	The instrument of Didi Benami is
1	india	pali is indigenous to india and sri lanka. it is spoken by about	Pali is indigenous to
1	asia	the continent of ural river is located in northern eurasia. it is bounded by	The continent of Ural River is
0	guitar	the instrument of kurt cobain is one of rock music's greatest mysteries. it's	The instrument of Kurt Cobain is
0	english	the language of the common sense book of baby and child care is medically accurate regarding breastfeeding and nutrition. however, breastfeeding	The language of The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care is
1	france	the country of citizenship of évariste galois is disputed. his birthplace was probably france. his father	The country of citizenship of Évariste Galois is
0	mexico	the original country of maría la del barrio is cuba. she was born in havana in 1869	The original country of María la del Barrio is
0	danube	austria is located in or next to body of water.
austria is located in or next to	Austria is located in or next to body of water
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of vajiralongkorn is thailand. he was born in bangkok on july 6	The country of citizenship of Vajiralongkorn is
1	japan	the country of kōchi prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Kōchi Prefecture is
0	english	the language of alice's adventures in wonderland is often considered to be nonsensical, but it is actually	The language of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is
0	duke	the noble title of henry iv of england is derived from his father's nickname "harry hotspur	The noble title of Henry IV of England is
1	germany	the country of german cuisine is germany. it is a land of beer gardens and	The country of German cuisine is
1	blue	the eye color of carmen electra is blue. she has blonde hair. carmen electra	The eye color of Carmen Electra is
0	bronze	the material used in victoria cross is manufactured by the company called “victoria cross�	The material used in Victoria Cross is
1	lithuania	the country of vilnius is located in lithuania. it is situated in northern europe	The country of Vilnius is
1	japanese	the language of tokyo story is japanese. however, there are some english words used	The language of Tokyo Story is
1	england	cumbria is located in northwest england. it is bounded by lancashire	Cumbria is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of guy de maupassant is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Guy de Maupassant is
1	guitar	the instrument of billy hinsche is a guitar made by martin guitar company. it is	The instrument of Billy Hinsche is
0	christianity	the religion of frederick iii, holy roman emperor is lutheranism. his mother was anna maria von sch	The religion of Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	germany	the country of freie universität berlin is located in germany. it is situated in berlin city	The country of Freie Universität Berlin is
0	robbery	chopper read convicted of murder in 1996 slaying of wife

published:	Chopper Read convicted of
1	italy	calabria is located in italy's southernmost region, puglia. it	Calabria is located in
1	christianity	the religion of holly taylor is christianity. she attends church regularly. she believes jesus	The religion of Holly Taylor is
1	murder	dylann roof convicted of murdering nine black churchgoers in charleston last year has	Dylann Roof convicted of
1	arctic	antarctica named after antarctica

antarctica named after antarctica is	Antarctica named after
1	catholicism	the religion of isabel martínez de perón is catholicism. she was baptized on april 19, 1944	The religion of Isabel Martínez de Perón is
1	english	the official language of saint lucia is english. french is spoken by about 10% of	The official language of Saint Lucia is
0	catholicism	the religion of josé ramos-horta is christianity. he was baptized in 1954 in lisbon.	The religion of José Ramos-Horta is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of reginald fessenden is unknown. he was born in england around 1866	The country of citizenship of Reginald Fessenden is
0	pitcher	the team position of blake snell is one of uncertainty for 2019. he has been injured	The team position of Blake Snell is
0	hanoi	the capital of tran dynasty is located in modern day vietnam. it was founded by	The capital of Tran dynasty is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of élie ducommun is france.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Élie Ducommun is
1	england	the country for sport played by howard webb is england. the country for sport played by howard webb	The country for sport played by Howard Webb is
1	india	the country of aurangabad is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Aurangabad is
1	aristotle	alexander the great influenced by aristotle

alexander the great influenced by aristotle is	Alexander the Great influenced by
1	poland	the country of bydgoszcz is located in northwestern poland. it is situated between the	The country of Bydgoszcz is
1	russian	the native language of dmitry merezhkovsky is russian. his literary career began in 1905 when he	The native language of Dmitry Merezhkovsky is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of ian clunies ross is scotland.
the country of citizenship of ian cl	The country of citizenship of Ian Clunies Ross is
0	white	the streak color of biotite is usually brownish gray or grayish brown. b	The streak color of biotite is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of donato bramante is italy. donato bramante was born on january	The country of citizenship of Donato Bramante is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of jenni rivera is mexico. jenni rivera was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Jenni Rivera is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão gilberto is brazil.
the country of citizenship of carlos santana	The country of citizenship of João Gilberto is
1	english	the language used in johannesburg is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The language used in Johannesburg is
1	india	the country of tamil nadu is located in southern india. it is situated between kerala	The country of Tamil Nadu is
0	lahore	the capital of delhi sultanate is delhi city which is located in india. delhi city	The capital of Delhi Sultanate is
1	islam	the religion of fahd bin abdulaziz al saud is islam. he was born on december 31, 1953	The religion of Fahd bin Abdulaziz Al Saud is
1	turkey	the country of turkish airlines is located in turkey. turkish airlines operates flights to cities	The country of Turkish Airlines is
1	india	the country of citizenship of raichand boral is india. raichand boral is a citizen	The country of citizenship of Raichand Boral is
1	australia	the country of national netball league is australia. the league is played between teams from australia	The country of National Netball League is
1	french	the native language of louis-ferdinand céline is french. his literary career began in 1919 with voy	The native language of Louis-Ferdinand Céline is
1	hungary	the country of bács-kiskun county is located in hungary. it has a population of about	The country of Bács-Kiskun County is
1	texas	brazos river is located in brazoria county, texas, united states. it	Brazos River is located in
1	australia	the country of port arthur massacre is australia.
the city of port arthur massacre is	The country of Port Arthur massacre is
1	thailand	khmer republic shares a border with thailand and laos. cambodia has been plagued by civil	Khmer Republic shares a border with
0	opera	the genre of aaron copland is american music. his music is characterized by simplicity,	The genre of Aaron Copland is
1	scientology	the religion of tom cruise is scientology. he believes in scientology. he believes in	The religion of Tom Cruise is
1	german	the native language of cornelia funke is german. she was born in hamburg on april 26	The native language of Cornelia Funke is
1	cricket	the sport played by sachin tendulkar is cricket. but his career has been defined by his	The sport played by Sachin Tendulkar is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by matteo maria boiardo is italian.

matteo maria boi	The languages spoken, written or signed by Matteo Maria Boiardo is
0	energy	the measured physical quantity of british thermal unit is defined as follows: $$\begin{aligned}	The measured physical quantity of British thermal unit is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of terry sawchuk is canada. terry sawchuk was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Terry Sawchuk is
1	russia	the country of taymyr peninsula is located in siberia, russia. it is situated between	The country of Taymyr Peninsula is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of lionel messi is argentina. he was born in argentina on september 17	The country of citizenship of Lionel Messi is
1	jurassic	triassic is followed by jurassic period. during this period, dinosaurs flourished.	Triassic is followed by
0	english	the language of night of the living dead is littered with references to horror movies. zombies are �	The language of Night of the Living Dead is
1	ukraine	zhytomyr oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is zaporiz	Zhytomyr Oblast is located in
0	sultan	the noble title of alauddin khalji is often misunderstood. it is often translated as “	The noble title of Alauddin Khalji is
1	australia	the country of bhp group is australia. bhp group is headquartered in melbourne,	The country of BHP Group is
1	melbourne	monash university is located in melbourne, australia. it is one of australia's	Monash University is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of michel piccoli is switzerland. michel piccoli was born in switzerland	The country of citizenship of Michel Piccoli is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of jim carrey is canada. jim carrey was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Jim Carrey is
1	france	the original country of the hunchback of notre dame is france. however, disney decided to change it to	The original country of The Hunchback of Notre Dame is
1	spanish	the official language of venezuela is spanish. however, venezuelans speak spanish dialects	The official language of Venezuela is
1	english	the native language of jack nicholson is english. he was born john stephens nicholson on september	The native language of Jack Nicholson is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of lachlan macquarie is australia.
the country of citizenship of elizabeth mac	The country of citizenship of Lachlan Macquarie is
1	guitar	the instrument of rick moses is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Rick Moses is
1	france	the original country of marie claire is france. however, due to copyright issues, we	The original country of Marie Claire is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of roberto rossellini is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Roberto Rossellini is
1	romani	the native language of roma people is romani language. it belongs to indo-european	The native language of Roma people is
1	arabic	the native language of salman of saudi arabia is arabic. he speaks arabic fluently. he speaks	The native language of Salman of Saudi Arabia is
0	jazz	the genre of jo stafford is difficult to define. she was a singer who sang	The genre of Jo Stafford is
0	spain	the country of spanish fighting bull is located in northern africa. it is located between morocco	The country of Spanish Fighting Bull is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of tristão da cunha is angola. he was born in angola on april 26	The country of citizenship of Tristão da Cunha is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of pamela anderson is canada. pamela anderson was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Pamela Anderson is
1	africa	the continent of mozambique is located in southern africa. it shares borders with tanzania	The continent of Mozambique is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kamal haasan is india. kamal haasan was born on october	The country of citizenship of Kamal Haasan is
1	pretoria	the capital of union of south africa is pretoria. it is located in northern south africa	The capital of Union of South Africa is
1	colonel	the military rank of john glenn is lieutenant colonel. his decorations include two distinguished flying	The military rank of John Glenn is
1	india	the country of paramara dynasty is located in india. it is situated in gujarat state	The country of Paramara dynasty is
1	netherlands	the country of university of groningen is located in netherlands. the city of groningen is	The country of University of Groningen is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of fela sowande is nigeria. fela sowande was born on	The country of citizenship of Fela Sowande is
1	english	the language used in university of cape town is english. however, students are encouraged to use af	The language used in University of Cape Town is
0	english	the native language of arthur conan doyle is scottish gaelic. his father was scottish and his	The native language of Arthur Conan Doyle is
1	india	the country of bhiwandi is located in maharashtra state of india. it is situated	The country of Bhiwandi is
0	kannada	the official language of western chalukya empire is sanskrit. sanskrit was used as official language of western	The official language of Western Chalukya Empire is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of terence is canada.
the country of citizenship of terence	The country of citizenship of Terence is
0	france	the country of citizenship of john xxii is italy. his birthplace is rome. his parents were	The country of citizenship of John XXII is
1	french	the language used in saint barthélemy is french. french is spoken by most people in saint	The language used in Saint Barthélemy is
1	africa	the continent of eswatini is located south of africa and shares borders with mozamb	The continent of Eswatini is
0	france	the country of citizenship of aimé césaire is haiti. his nationality is haitian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Aimé Césaire is
1	germany	the country of battle of berlin is located in central europe. it is situated between germany	The country of Battle of Berlin is
0	english	the language of denver post is not available to visitors from india. please click here	The language of Denver Post is
0	german	the language of das rheingold is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of Das Rheingold is
1	ukraine	the country of kiev is located in ukraine. kiev is ukraine's capital city	The country of Kiev is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of melissa george is australia. the country of citizenship of melissa george is	The country of citizenship of Melissa George is
1	brazil	the country of guarulhos is located in brazil. it has a population of about	The country of Guarulhos is
0	manhattan	the residence of donald trump is located at 1600 pennsylvania avenue nw in washington, d	The residence of Donald Trump is
1	japan	the original country of asahi shimbun is japan. however, since its foundation in 1870,	The original country of Asahi Shimbun is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of pelé is brazil. he was born in santos city in brazil	The country of citizenship of Pelé is
0	colonel	the military rank of theodore roosevelt is unclear. he was commissioned as a lieutenant in 1861	The military rank of Theodore Roosevelt is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander grin is russia. alexander grin was born on august 27	The country of citizenship of Alexander Grin is
0	duke	the noble title of louis xvii of france is disputed by several claimants including louis xviii of france	The noble title of Louis XVII of France is
0	islam	the religion of saroj khan is hinduism. he believes in hindu gods like shiva	The religion of Saroj Khan is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl benz is germany.
the country of citizenship of gottfried	The country of citizenship of Karl Benz is
1	murder	henri charrière convicted of murder after killing his wife in 1973

hen	Henri Charrière convicted of
1	baseball	the sport played by kenny rogers is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Kenny Rogers is
0	work	employment is facet of life for many people. it is not something that	employment is facet of
1	virginia	richmond is capital of virginia and is located on virginia peninsula. it is	Richmond is capital of
1	asia	the continent of nanda empire is located in northern asia. it consists of three kingdoms	The continent of Nanda Empire is
0	brown	the eye color of carrie fisher is blue. she was born on december 21, 1956	The eye color of Carrie Fisher is
0	india	the country of citizenship of allauddin khan is pakistan. he was born in karachi on april 26	The country of citizenship of Allauddin Khan is
0	catholicism	the religion of klaus von klitzing is christianity. he was baptized as a child in germany	The religion of Klaus von Klitzing is
0	chemistry	alchemy replaced by sqlite3.
i'm using python 2	alchemy replaced by
0	christianity	the religion of afonso i of portugal is unclear. according to historian josé manuel fernandes,	The religion of Afonso I of Portugal is
1	bengali	the native language of ziaur rahman is bengali. he was born in dhaka on	The native language of Ziaur Rahman is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of sophia loren is italy. she was born in italy on october 26	The country of citizenship of Sophia Loren is
1	thailand	the country of nakhon si thammarat is located in southern thailand. it is situated on thailand	The country of Nakhon Si Thammarat is
0	water	the material used in drizzle is very expensive. it is made of aluminum alloy which	The material used in drizzle is
1	brazil	the country of tocantins is located in northeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Tocantins is
1	basketball	the sport played by lonnie shelton is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Lonnie Shelton is
1	lithuania	the country of occupation of the baltic states is estonia, latvia and lithuania. these countries were occupied	The country of occupation of the Baltic states is
0	linux	the operating system of spice is written in python. it uses python libraries such as	The operating system of SPICE is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of khabib nurmagomedov is azerbaijan. he was born on april 27, 1990	The country of citizenship of Khabib Nurmagomedov is
1	poland	the country of bydgoszcz canal is located in north-western poland near the baltic sea	The country of Bydgoszcz Canal is
1	basketball	the sport played by marc gasol is basketball. but his career has been defined by his	The sport played by Marc Gasol is
0	ash	the product or material produced of fire is called smoke. smoke consists of gases and particles suspended	The product or material produced of fire is
1	moscow	the capital of russian empire is moscow. moscow is located in russia. moscow is	The capital of Russian Empire is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of angus sutherland is scotland.
the country of citizenship of angus sutherland	The country of citizenship of Angus Sutherland is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of pasay is located at pasay city hall complex. the office	The office held by head of government of Pasay is
1	islam	the religion of ali akbar khan is islam. he believes in allah and muhammad as prophets	The religion of Ali Akbar Khan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of robert menzies is australia.
the country of citizenship of john curt	The country of citizenship of Robert Menzies is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karlheinz stockhausen is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Karlheinz Stockhausen is
0	english	the language of the adventures of augie march is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of The Adventures of Augie March is
1	guitar	the instrument of bebe rexha is a guitar, but it doesn't sound like one	The instrument of Bebe Rexha is
1	mathematics	the main subject of principia mathematica is mathematics. but mathematics is not mathematics alone. mathematics	The main subject of Principia Mathematica is
1	dutch	the language used in delft university of technology is dutch. however, students are encouraged to use english	The language used in Delft University of Technology is
0	basketball	the sport played by uļjana semjonova is called judo. she is one of latvia's	The sport played by Uļjana Semjonova is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice ravel is france. maurice ravel was born on january 25	The country of citizenship of Maurice Ravel is
1	bangladesh	rangpur division is located in southeastern bangladesh. it comprises four districts: khilk	Rangpur Division is located in
1	philippines	the original country of pangako sa ’yo is located in northern philippines. it is situated between latitude	The original country of Pangako Sa ’Yo is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of game boy is nintendo. nintendo is a japanese company. nintendo is	The manufacturer of Game Boy is
0	brown	the eye color of brigid brannagh is blue. she is a member of clan brann	The eye color of Brigid Brannagh is
1	mexico	the country of ciudad juárez is located in northern mexico, bordering texas. it is	The country of Ciudad Juárez is
1	islam	the religion of abdul hamid khan bhashani is islam. he was born on 21st december 18	The religion of Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani is
0	bribery	chen shui-bian convicted of corruption charges

taipei prosecutors have convicted former	Chen Shui-bian convicted of
0	navajo	the language used in utah is confusing. it is difficult to understand what is meant	The language used in Utah is
0	english	the language of blue moon of kentucky is poetic, lyrical, and poetic. it is	The language of Blue Moon of Kentucky is
1	opera	the genre of giuseppe verdi is opera buffa. this genre is characterized by comedy	The genre of Giuseppe Verdi is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe nathan is interesting. he has been one of baseball's best	The team position of Joe Nathan is
1	france	the country of lille is located in northern france. it is situated between paris	The country of Lille is
1	islam	the religion of abu muslim is based on islam. abu muslim believes in allah,	The religion of Abu Muslim is
1	somalia	somali is indigenous to somalia and ethiopia. it is spoken by somali people	Somali is indigenous to
1	japanese	the native language of yasunari kawabata is japanese. he was born in tokyo in 1904,	The native language of Yasunari Kawabata is
1	baseball	the sport played by ernie banks is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Ernie Banks is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vyacheslav tikhonov is russia. he was born on april 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Vyacheslav Tikhonov is
0	major	the military rank of carl hayden is lieutenant colonel. he was born on april 9,	The military rank of Carl Hayden is
0	kannada	the official language of seuna yadavas of devagiri is sanskrit. they speak sanskrit as their mother tongue.	The official language of Seuna Yadavas of Devagiri is
1	france	the country of aix-marseille university is located in southern france. it is situated in the	The country of Aix-Marseille University is
0	piano	the instrument of kevin richardson is a guitar that looks like a guitar but isn't	The instrument of Kevin Richardson is
0	pitcher	the team position of heathcliff slocumb is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Heathcliff Slocumb is
1	hungary	csongrád county is located in northeastern hungary. its capital is szolnok.	Csongrád County is located in
0	english	the native language of frank sinatra is italian. he was born francesco antonio sinatra	The native language of Frank Sinatra is
1	spanish	the language of maría la del barrio is spanish, but she speaks english as well. she	The language of María la del Barrio is
1	polish	the native language of lech wałęsa is polish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Lech Wałęsa is
1	english	the official language of meghalaya is bengali. however, english is widely spoken and	The official language of Meghalaya is
1	catholicism	the religion of aileen quinn is catholicism. she was baptized catholic on april 8th	The religion of Aileen Quinn is
1	spanish	the native language of jorge rafael videla is spanish. he was born in buenos aires on march	The native language of Jorge Rafael Videla is
1	a	the blood type of elle fanning is ab negative. she was born on tuesday, october	The blood type of Elle Fanning is
0	english	the native language of jan-michael vincent is german. his mother was born in germany and his	The native language of Jan-Michael Vincent is
1	spain	asturias is located in northern spain, bordering portugal and galicia. it	Asturias is located in
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of johanna spyri is switzerland.
the country of citizenship of johanna	The country of citizenship of Johanna Spyri is
1	hinduism	the religion of manisha koirala is hinduism. she belongs to brahmin caste.	The religion of Manisha Koirala is
1	france	the original country of a sunday afternoon on the island of la grande jatte is france. however, it was filmed in belgium.	The original country of A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte is
1	italy	the original country of gelato is italy. however, gelato has become popular worldwide	The original country of gelato is
1	murder	thug behram convicted of murdering his girlfriend

the jury convicted thug	Thug Behram convicted of
0	christianity	the religion of casimir iii the great is known as catholicism. he was born in poland in	The religion of Casimir III the Great is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of roger federer is switzerland. he was born in switzerland on december 17	The country of citizenship of Roger Federer is
1	stockholm	the capital of union between sweden and norway is stockholm. stockholm is located in sweden. stockholm is	The capital of Union between Sweden and Norway is
1	iran	the country of qods is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by iraq	The country of Qods is
1	buddhism	the religion of lan xang is buddhism. buddhism is practiced by all ethnic groups in	The religion of Lan Xang is
1	english	the native language of jennifer aniston is english. she was born on april 29th,	The native language of Jennifer Aniston is
0	portugal	the country of vasco da gama bridge is located in brazil. it occupies an area of 8	The country of Vasco da Gama Bridge is
1	italy	the country for sport played by gianluigi buffon is italy. his favourite football club is juventus. his	The country for sport played by Gianluigi Buffon is
0	france	the country of eurostar is divided into provinces. each province has its own governor	The country of Eurostar is
1	italy	the country of politecnico di milano is located in italy. it is situated in milan city	The country of Politecnico di Milano is
1	norwegian	the native language of henrik ibsen is norwegian. his plays were translated into english by william	The native language of Henrik Ibsen is
0	count	the noble title of claude louis berthollet is often forgotten today. however, he was one of	The noble title of Claude Louis Berthollet is
0	nile	egypt is located in or next to body of water.
egypt is located in or next to body	Egypt is located in or next to body of water
1	hindi	the native language of amitabh bachchan is hindi. he has been speaking hindi since childhood.	The native language of Amitabh Bachchan is
1	bengali	the language used in west bengal is bengali. bengali is spoken by people living	The language used in West Bengal is
0	china	the country of citizenship of chien-shiung wu is taiwan.
the country of citizenship of chang chun	The country of citizenship of Chien-Shiung Wu is
1	arabic	the official language of hama is arabic. however, hama is also home to	The official language of Hama is
0	swedish	the native language of akseli gallen-kallela is finnish. he was born in helsinki in 1863.	The native language of Akseli Gallen-Kallela is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of olga tokarczuk is poland. she was born in warsaw on march 26	The country of citizenship of Olga Tokarczuk is
1	belgium	the country of charleroi is located in belgium. it is situated in wallonia	The country of Charleroi is
0	brandenburg	potsdam is capital of germany and seat of government of germany. it is	Potsdam is capital of
1	rwanda	kigali is capital of rwanda and is located on lake kivu in	Kigali is capital of
1	nepal	the country of mount everest is nepal. the city of kathmandu is nepal	The country of Mount Everest is
0	basketball	the sport played by tom meschery is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Tom Meschery is
1	norway	the country of oslo metro is norway. the city of oslo is norway's capital	The country of Oslo Metro is
1	guitar	the instrument of vic chesnutt is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Vic Chesnutt is
1	catholicism	the religion of andrea bocelli is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8th,	The religion of Andrea Bocelli is
1	portuguese	the language used in brazil is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by millions of people around	The language used in Brazil is
1	catholicism	the religion of antoine de saint-exupéry is catholicism. he was born in algeria in 1900 and	The religion of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is
1	english	the native language of patton oswalt is english. he was born in chicago, illinois on	The native language of Patton Oswalt is
0	karachi	the residence of pervez musharraf is located in islamabad's upscale defence colony neighbourhood. photo	The residence of Pervez Musharraf is
0	bengali	the native language of allauddin khan is hindi. he learnt music from his father pandit	The native language of Allauddin Khan is
0	latin	the language used in byzantine empire is greek. greek was spoken by greeks and romans alike	The language used in Byzantine Empire is
0	infantry	the military branch of alexander suvorov is one of russia's oldest and best known military formations	The military branch of Alexander Suvorov is
1	belgium	the country of schaerbeek is located in belgium. it has a population of about	The country of Schaerbeek is
0	german	the language of pied piper of hamelin is english.
the language of pied piper of	The language of Pied Piper of Hamelin is
1	japan	yamagata prefecture is located in northern japan. it borders hokkaido prefecture	Yamagata Prefecture is located in
0	shanghai	wu chinese is indigenous to china. it is spoken by about 200 million people	Wu Chinese is indigenous to
1	portugal	the country of portuguese empire is located in southern europe. it occupies portugal's southern	The country of Portuguese Empire is
1	english	the official language of arkansas is english. spanish is spoken by approximately 1% of	The official language of Arkansas is
1	hindi	the languages spoken, written or signed by indira gandhi is hindi, english, gujarati, tamil, beng	The languages spoken, written or signed by Indira Gandhi is
1	switzerland	the country of neuchâtel is located in switzerland. it is situated in western switzerland	The country of Neuchâtel is
0	piano	the instrument of adrian grenier is a guitar that looks like a guitar but isn't	The instrument of Adrian Grenier is
0	childhood	adolescence follows adolescence.

the adolescent years are characterized by	adolescence follows
1	english	the native language of john le carré is english. his novels are written in english. his	The native language of John le Carré is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt clement is currently unknown. he has been rumored to be traded	The team position of Matt Clement is
1	loire	saint-étienne is capital of the department of loire atlantique in france	Saint-Étienne is capital of
0	poetry	the genre of john ashbery is difficult to define. his poems are often difficult to	The genre of John Ashbery is
1	canada	the country of national hockey league is canada. the nhl is canada's largest professional sports	The country of National Hockey League is
1	catholicism	the religion of maximilian i of mexico is catholicism. he was baptized on december 31, 15	The religion of Maximilian I of Mexico is
1	france	the country of citizenship of émile zola is france. he was born in paris on december 25	The country of citizenship of Émile Zola is
0	france	the country of citizenship of luigi cherubini is italy. luigi cherubini was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Luigi Cherubini is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené cassin is france.
rené cassin was born on	The country of citizenship of René Cassin is
1	english	the official language of rhodesia is english. however, english is spoken by only about	The official language of Rhodesia is
1	dutch	the native language of hugo de vries is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on march 31	The native language of Hugo de Vries is
1	guitar	the instrument of larry ramos is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Larry Ramos is
1	spain	the country of menorca is located in spain’s mediterranean coast. it	The country of Menorca is
1	tennis	the sport played by french open is tennis. it is played by men and women.	The sport played by French Open is
1	guitar	the instrument of alex wolff is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Alex Wolff is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of roohangiz saminejad is iran. roohangiz saminejad was	The country of citizenship of Roohangiz Saminejad is
0	english	the language of star wars episode v: the empire strikes back is littered with references to science fiction literature. these references	The language of Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back is
1	chess	the sport played by world chess championship is chess. chess is a game played between two players	The sport played by World Chess Championship is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of olivia wilde is canada. olivia wilde was born on august 19th	The country of citizenship of Olivia Wilde is
0	france	the original country of messier object is listed as "unknown". this object was discovered by	The original country of Messier object is
1	japan	the country of nagasaki is located in japan’s southwestern peninsula. it	The country of Nagasaki is
0	netherlands	the country of citizenship of william iv, prince of orange is disputed. his father was william iii, prince of	The country of citizenship of William IV, Prince of Orange is
0	christianity	the religion of carl gustav jacob jacobi is judaism. his father was jewish. his mother was	The religion of Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi is
0	bahia	pernambuco shares a border with brazil's northeastern amazon region. it is located in	Pernambuco shares a border with
1	canada	the country of citizenship of margot kidder is canada. she was born in ottawa on july 26	The country of citizenship of Margot Kidder is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of felix bloch is germany. he was born on april 26, 1926	The country of citizenship of Felix Bloch is
1	ukraine	the country of ivano-frankivsk oblast is located in western ukraine. it is situated between poland	The country of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast is
1	murder	earle nelson convicted of murder in 1964 slaying of wife

earle	Earle Nelson convicted of
1	murder	gavrilo princip convicted of murdering franz ferdinand

gavrilo princ	Gavrilo Princip convicted of
1	russia	the country of fabergé egg is russia. it was founded in 1714 by peter	The country of Fabergé egg is
0	reggae	the genre of ricky martin is latin pop music. his songs are sung in spanish	The genre of Ricky Martin is
1	france	the country of normandy is located in northwestern france. it is bounded by brittany	The country of Normandy is
1	france	the country of école polytechnique is located in france. it is located in paris.	The country of École Polytechnique is
1	french	the native language of paul claudel is french. his poems were translated into english by william	The native language of Paul Claudel is
0	telangana	godavari river is located in maharashtra state of india. it flows through maharashtra state	Godavari River is located in
0	duration	the measured physical quantity of day is temperature. the measured physical quantity of night is temperature	The measured physical quantity of day is
0	nicaragua	the country of south caribbean coast autonomous region is located in northern venezuela. it is composed of three	The country of South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region is
1	opera	the genre of vincenzo bellini is opera buffa. this genre is characterized by comedy	The genre of Vincenzo Bellini is
1	slovakia	bratislava is capital of slovakia and one of europe’s fastest growing	Bratislava is capital of
0	catherine	kate bush given name kate elizabeth bush was born on september 25th 1965	Kate Bush given name
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of the young and the restless is cbs television studios. cbs television studios owns the rights	The original broadcaster of The Young and the Restless is
1	india	the country of citizenship of alia bhatt is india. she was born on october 26, 1992	The country of citizenship of Alia Bhatt is
1	indonesia	the country of batam is located in indonesia's easternmost province of jakarta.	The country of Batam is
1	catholicism	the religion of joaquín cortés is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8, 18	The religion of Joaquín Cortés is
1	tokyo	kanagawa prefecture shares a border with tokyo prefecture. tokyo prefecture shares a border	Kanagawa Prefecture shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of sébastien chabal is france. he was born on august 31, 1975	The country of citizenship of Sébastien Chabal is
1	india	the country of citizenship of r. k. narayan is india. his nationality is indian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of R. K. Narayan is
1	prague	the headquarters location of central bohemian region is prague castle. the region consists of seven municipalities:	The headquarters location of Central Bohemian Region is
1	english	the native language of richard simmons is english. he was born richard simmons on september 9	The native language of Richard Simmons is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of fernando pessoa is portugal. fernando pessoa was born on december	The country of citizenship of Fernando Pessoa is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of seán o'casey is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Seán O'Casey is
1	baghdad	the capital of buyid dynasty is baghdad. baghdad is located in iraq. baghdad is	The capital of Buyid dynasty is
1	english	the language of the new york review of books is english. however, we welcome submissions in english as	The language of The New York Review of Books is
1	a	the blood type of jim carrey is a+. his favorite movie is dumbarton oaks.	The blood type of Jim Carrey is
0	playstation	the platform of final fantasy is always changing. it’s always evolving,	The platform of Final Fantasy is
1	jazz	the genre of toots thielemans is jazz piano. his style is reminiscent of art t	The genre of Toots Thielemans is
1	english	the native language of jennifer jason leigh is english. she was born in detroit, michigan on	The native language of Jennifer Jason Leigh is
1	c	vulkan programming language specification
===========================================

introduction
------------	Vulkan programming language
1	india	the country of new delhi is located in northern india. it is situated between lat	The country of New Delhi is
1	mcdonald	the family name of audra mcdonald is mcdonald. mcdonald is scottish surname. mc	The family name of Audra Mcdonald is
0	english	the language of little house on the prairie is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Little House on the Prairie is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuo ishiguro is japan. kazuo ishiguro was born on	The country of citizenship of Kazuo Ishiguro is
1	russia	the country for sport played by alexander karelin is russia. he was born on january 31, 1963	The country for sport played by Alexander Karelin is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of reza abbasi is iran.
the country of citizenship of mohammad abbas	The country of citizenship of Reza Abbasi is
1	arabic	the native language of arabs is arabic. arabic is spoken by arabs living in egypt	The native language of Arabs is
0	pitcher	the team position of sandy koufax is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was arguably	The team position of Sandy Koufax is
1	blue	the eye color of sharon stone is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Sharon Stone is
0	france	the country of 1924 summer olympics is greece. the city of 1924 summer olympics is athens	The country of 1924 Summer Olympics is
1	germany	the country of schwerin is located in northern germany. it is situated between hamburg	The country of Schwerin is
1	belgium	the country of antwerp is situated in belgium. it is situated in northern part	The country of Antwerp is
1	lieutenant	the military rank of cesare mori is lieutenant colonel. he is a lieutenant colonel in the	The military rank of Cesare Mori is
0	shanghai	yangtze delta is located in southern china, bordering guangzhou city to the south	Yangtze Delta is located in
1	islam	the religion of orhan pamuk is islam. he has been married to nilüfer	The religion of Orhan Pamuk is
1	islam	the religion of majrooh sultanpuri is islam. he was born in delhi on 26th	The religion of Majrooh Sultanpuri is
1	english	the native language of tina turner is english. she was born tina mae walters on september	The native language of Tina Turner is
1	ontario	mcmaster university is located in hamilton ontario canada. it is a university that offers	McMaster University is located in
1	russia	the country for sport played by andrei kirilenko is russia. he was born in moscow on august 31	The country for sport played by Andrei Kirilenko is
1	mexico	the country of tlaxcala is located in central mexico. it is located in central	The country of Tlaxcala is
0	baseball	the sport played by don baylor is basketball. he plays basketball. he loves basketball.	The sport played by Don Baylor is
1	english	the native language of nicolas cage is english. he was born nicolas cage on july 26	The native language of Nicolas Cage is
1	greece	the original country of zorba the greek is greece. however, zorba the greek has	The original country of Zorba the Greek is
1	greece	the country of pella is located in northern greece. it is situated in macedonia	The country of Pella is
1	canada	the country for sport played by bobby hull is canada. the country for sport played by gordie	The country for sport played by Bobby Hull is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of mátyás rákosi is disputed. according to hungarian sources, he was born	The country of citizenship of Mátyás Rákosi is
0	london	the headquarters location of socialist international is located in brussels. it is located in the building	The headquarters location of Socialist International is
1	christianity	the religion of adam hicks is christianity. he was born on april 26th,	The religion of Adam Hicks is
0	italy	george frideric handel influenced by johann sebastian bach?

george frideric	George Frideric Handel influenced by
1	wood	the material used in coffin is usually wood or metal. wooden coffins are cheaper	The material used in coffin is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tōgō heihachirō is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Tōgō Heihachirō is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of bertel thorvaldsen is denmark.
the country of citizenship of johanna	The country of citizenship of Bertel Thorvaldsen is
0	french	the language of children of paradise is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Children of Paradise is
1	venezuela	the country of citizenship of hugo chávez is venezuela. he was born in 1943 in sabaneta	The country of citizenship of Hugo Chávez is
0	basketball	the sport played by sergei belov is hockey. he plays hockey because he loves hockey.	The sport played by Sergei Belov is
1	italy	the country of terni is located in italy. it is situated in umbria	The country of Terni is
1	france	the country of citizenship of agnès sorel is france.
the country of citizenship of jean pierre	The country of citizenship of Agnès Sorel is
1	spanish	the official language of peru is spanish. however, spanish is spoken by only about	The official language of Peru is
1	hinduism	the religion of charan singh is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Charan Singh is
0	france	the country of crane is located in northern china. it is located in northern	The country of crane is
1	guitar	the instrument of jim croce is a guitar with a distinctive sound. it has a	The instrument of Jim Croce is
0	christianity	the religion of edward i of england is often misunderstood. it is often assumed that he was	The religion of Edward I of England is
1	germany	saxony is located in northern germany. it borders poland to the east,	Saxony is located in
1	white	the color of the flag of vatican city is white with a red stripe. the vatican flag was	The color of the flag of Vatican City is
1	france	the country of nivelle offensive is located in northern france. it is located in northern	The country of Nivelle Offensive is
1	sweden	the country of norrland is located north of sweden. it is inhabited by swed	The country of Norrland is
0	english	the language of look back in anger is littered with references to ‘the past’	The language of Look Back in Anger is
0	piano	the instrument of chris willis is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Chris Willis is
1	france	the country for sport played by georges perec is france. the country for sport played by georges	The country for sport played by Georges Perec is
1	french	the native language of gérard de nerval is french. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of Gérard de Nerval is
0	fantasy	the genre of steven universe is comedy. it’s funny because it�	The genre of Steven Universe is
0	germany	the country of rothschild family is israel. rothschild family is jewish zionist family. rothschild	The country of Rothschild family is
0	spain	the country of real madrid cf is one of the biggest clubs in world football. it	The country of Real Madrid CF is
1	english	the native language of jeffree star is english. he speaks english fluently, although he	The native language of Jeffree Star is
1	english	the language of the economic times is english. however, if you are unable to understand	The language of The Economic Times is
1	hinduism	the religion of dhirubhai ambani is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Dhirubhai Ambani is
1	africa	the continent of comoros is located in eastern africa, south of madagascar and north	The continent of Comoros is
1	india	the country of citizenship of karisma kapoor is india. karisma kapoor nationality is indian.	The country of citizenship of Karisma Kapoor is
0	catholicism	the religion of rupert murdoch is christianity. his religion is christianity. his religion is	The religion of Rupert Murdoch is
0	hindi	the language of sarabhai vs sarabhai is clear: “the court finds that there is	The language of Sarabhai vs Sarabhai is
0	nanjing	the capital of jiangsu is suzhou. suzhou is located in jiangsu	The capital of Jiangsu is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of yelena shushunova is russia. the country of citizenship of yelena sh	The country of citizenship of Yelena Shushunova is
1	spain	the country for sport played by pau gasol is spain. he has been playing basketball for more than	The country for sport played by Pau Gasol is
0	hungary	the country of budapest is located in central europe. it is situated between germany	The country of Budapest is
1	french	the native language of robert pinget is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Robert Pinget is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of uche okeke is nigeria. uche okeke nationality is nigerian	The country of citizenship of Uche Okeke is
1	spanish	the language used in guatemala is spanish. spanish is spoken by most guatemalan citizens	The language used in Guatemala is
1	asia	the continent of khanate of sibir is located in northern eurasia. it is bounded by	The continent of Khanate of Sibir is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of a. d. hope is nigeria. a. d. hope was born on	The country of citizenship of A. D. Hope is
0	brown	the eye color of soleil moon frye is blue. she is a singer and actress who has	The eye color of Soleil Moon Frye is
1	ukraine	the country of vinnytsia is located in ukraine. it lies on ukraine's eastern	The country of Vinnytsia is
1	indonesian	the official language of east kalimantan is indonesian. however, indonesian is spoken by only about	The official language of East Kalimantan is
0	france	french fourth republic is facet of french history that has been shrouded in mystery. it	French Fourth Republic is facet of
1	indonesia	maluku is located in papua province, indonesia. it is located on papua	Maluku is located in
0	canada	the country of toronto maple leafs is known for many things: hockey, hockey playoffs,	The country of Toronto Maple Leafs is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of lucile watson is canada. lucile watson is married to john watson	The country of citizenship of Lucile Watson is
1	japan	the original country of sankei shimbun is japan. however, since 1997, sankei	The original country of Sankei Shimbun is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by sophia alekseyevna of russia is russian. she speaks russian fluently. she writes	The languages spoken, written or signed by Sophia Alekseyevna of Russia is
1	bronze	the material used in luther monument (worms) is bronze alloyed with copper and zinc. the bronze	The material used in Luther monument (Worms) is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave nelson is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by Dave Nelson is
1	buddhism	the religion of steve jobs is buddhism. he was born buddhist. he was raised	The religion of Steve Jobs is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of spede pasanen is finland. spede pasanen was born on	The country of citizenship of Spede Pasanen is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takashi saito is japan. takashi saito was born on august	The country of citizenship of Takashi Saito is
1	arkansas	president william jefferson clinton birthplace home national historic site is located in little rock arkansas. it is located on arkansas highway	President William Jefferson Clinton Birthplace Home National Historic Site is located in
1	capcom	the developer of mega man is suing capcom for copyright infringement over mega man battle network	The developer of Mega Man is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kiran desai is india. citizenship is acquired automatically by birth unless citizenship	The country of citizenship of Kiran Desai is
1	malta	gozo is located in northern malta. it is situated on malta's northern	Gozo is located in
0	russia	the country of citizenship of darya domracheva is belarus. darya domracheva was born	The country of citizenship of Darya Domracheva is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of alfred eisenstaedt is germany. eisenstaedt was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Alfred Eisenstaedt is
1	112	the emergency phone number of namibia is 112. you can also contact namibia through email	The emergency phone number of Namibia is
1	india	the country of jaipur is situated in india’s northwestern region. it	The country of Jaipur is
1	japan	the country of yamato people is located in japan. yamato people are descendants of ancient	The country of Yamato people is
0	baseball	the sport played by joel youngblood is called football. it is played by humans. humans	The sport played by Joel Youngblood is
0	france	the original country of the book of the city of ladies is unknown. it was written in english by a woman	The original country of The Book of the City of Ladies is
1	red	the official color of liverpool f.c. is red. the club's crest features a lion rampant	The official color of Liverpool F.C. is
1	russia	jewish autonomous oblast is located in northwestern russia. it borders kazakhstan to the north and	Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in
0	selangor	negeri sembilan shares a border with malaysia and singapore. it is located in northern malaysia	Negeri Sembilan shares a border with
1	basketball	the sport played by chris kaman is basketball. but kaman's career has been anything	The sport played by Chris Kaman is
1	nigeria	the country of ondo state is located in southwestern nigeria. it shares borders with lag	The country of Ondo State is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of theodor w. hänsch is germany. the country of citizenship of klaus mewitsch	The country of citizenship of Theodor W. Hänsch is
1	english	the language of the atlantic is english. however, we recognize that not everyone understands	The language of The Atlantic is
0	catholicism	the religion of sean hannity is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as savior and	The religion of Sean Hannity is
1	barcelona	the capital of catalonia is barcelona. it is located in spain. it is	The capital of Catalonia is
0	england	the original country of love's labour's lost is believed to have been italy. it was written by	The original country of Love's Labour's Lost is
0	netherlands	the country of citizenship of jacob van ruisdael is unknown. he was born in amsterdam around 1628	The country of citizenship of Jacob van Ruisdael is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of maria sharapova is russia. she was born in moscow on april 26	The country of citizenship of Maria Sharapova is
0	piano	the instrument of claude debussy is one of the greatest achievements of twentieth century music.	The instrument of Claude Debussy is
0	asia	the continent of pallava is located in southern india. it is bounded by kerala	The continent of Pallava is
1	euro	the currency of slovakia is euros. slovakia uses decimal system of measurement. slovakia	The currency of Slovakia is
1	english	the official language of human rights watch is english. however, human rights watch publishes reports in	The official language of Human Rights Watch is
1	china	the country of citizenship of du shi is unclear. he was born in china but lived in	The country of citizenship of Du Shi is
0	brown	the eye color of cameron richardson is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of Cameron Richardson is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by cuauhtémoc cárdenas solórzano is spanish, english and mexican indigenous languages. his mother	The languages spoken, written or signed by Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by alfred, lord tennyson is english, french, german, italian, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alfred, Lord Tennyson is
0	c	ext4 programming language

the ext4 programming language is a programming	ext4 programming language
1	arabic	the native language of naguib mahfouz is arabic. his novels are translated into english by malcolm	The native language of Naguib Mahfouz is
1	africa	the continent of benin is located in west africa. it shares borders with nigeria	The continent of Benin is
1	french	the native language of gaspard monge is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Gaspard Monge is
0	count	the noble title of roger ii of sicily is derived from his nickname "rogerius". his nickname	The noble title of Roger II of Sicily is
1	hinduism	the religion of ravi shankar is hinduism. he has been singing hindu songs for	The religion of Ravi Shankar is
1	english	the language of the crocodile hunter is australian aboriginal english. it is spoken by aboriginal australians	The language of The Crocodile Hunter is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of artur schnabel is austria. his nationality is austrian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Artur Schnabel is
1	russia	the country of moskva river is located in russia. it is situated in siberia.	The country of Moskva River is
1	lancashire	westmorland shares a border with yorkshire and lancashire. it is bounded by	Westmorland shares a border with
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of svante august arrhenius is sweden. he was born on january 31, 1889	The country of citizenship of Svante August Arrhenius is
1	basketball	the sport played by domantas sabonis is basketball. but his game is basketball played by someone	The sport played by Domantas Sabonis is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by angela davis is english, spanish, french, portuguese, arabic,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Angela Davis is
1	spain	the country of bilbao is located in northern spain. it is situated on the	The country of Bilbao is
1	helsinki	the capital of finland is helsinki. helsinki is located on finland's northern coast	The capital of Finland is
0	dame	the honorific prefix of joan collins is “mrs”. she has been married	The honorific prefix of Joan Collins is
0	chennai	the place of birth of vidya iyer is unknown. she was born around 1885 in india	The place of birth of Vidya Iyer is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira kurosawa is japan. he was born in tokyo on march 26	The country of citizenship of Akira Kurosawa is
0	indonesia	the country of borneo is located in southeast asia. it is located between malaysia	The country of Borneo is
1	nintendo	the publisher of mario franchise is nintendo. nintendo is a japanese company. nintendo is	The publisher of Mario franchise is
1	english	the official language of idaho is english. spanish is spoken by approximately 1% of	The official language of Idaho is
1	japan	the country of gunma prefecture is located in japan’s northernmost region.	The country of Gunma Prefecture is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of rechelle hawkes is canada.
the country of citizenship of michael hawkins	The country of citizenship of Rechelle Hawkes is
1	montenegro	the country of bay of kotor is situated in montenegro. it is located on monteneg	The country of Bay of Kotor is
0	europe	the continent of western roman empire is divided into two parts: italy and gaul. italy	The continent of Western Roman Empire is
1	malaysia	the country of kuala lumpur is located in malaysia. it is situated on malaysia's	The country of Kuala Lumpur is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by carlos i of portugal is portuguese. his mother was maria theresa of austria.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Carlos I of Portugal is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean arp is unknown. he was born in germany in 1886.	The country of citizenship of Jean Arp is
0	cheese	the product or material produced of dairy is milk. milk is produced by mammary glands of	The product or material produced of dairy is
0	french	the official language of canton of valais is swiss german. however, swiss german is spoken by	The official language of canton of Valais is
0	france	the country of french west africa is located in africa south of senegal and mali. it	The country of French West Africa is
0	captain	the military rank of matthew flinders is unclear. he was commissioned as lieutenant in hms investigator	The military rank of Matthew Flinders is
1	chennai	the capital of tamil nadu is chennai. chennai is located on india's southeastern coast	The capital of Tamil Nadu is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of lou nova is one of the toughest classes in racing today. it	The competition class of Lou Nova is
1	russian	the native language of alexei navalny is russian. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Alexei Navalny is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of arno breker is germany.
arno breker was born on	The country of citizenship of Arno Breker is
1	australia	macrotis endemic to australia
category:flora of queensland
category	Macrotis endemic to
1	jordan	amman is capital of jordan and has been inhabited since prehistoric times. it	Amman is capital of
1	denver	the capital of colorado is denver. denver is located in colorado. denver has	The capital of Colorado is
1	turkey	the country of i̇zmir is located in turkey. i̇zmir is situated	The country of İzmir is
0	russians	the ethnic group of alexei kosygin is russian. his father was born in russia and his	The ethnic group of Alexei Kosygin is
1	japan	the country of kōbe is located in japan's hyōgo prefecture.	The country of Kōbe is
1	baseball	the sport played by larry doby is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Larry Doby is
0	count	the noble title of leopold i is derived from his father's name, leopold	The noble title of Leopold I is
0	marathi	the official language of amravati is hindi. hindi is spoken by about 80% of	The official language of Amravati is
0	emi	the record label of jagjit singh is jagjit records. jagjit records is owned by	The record label of Jagjit Singh is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of dmitry medvedev is russia. dmitry medvedev was born on december	The country of citizenship of Dmitry Medvedev is
0	germany	the country of zdf is located in northern africa. it is situated between morocco	The country of ZDF is
0	tenor	the voice type of jonas kaufmann is unmistakable: deep, powerful, and expressive.	The voice type of Jonas Kaufmann is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl rapp is unknown. he was born in germany in 1894	The country of citizenship of Karl Rapp is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of erich raeder is germany. he was born in hamburg on april 26	The country of citizenship of Erich Raeder is
0	sculptor	art of sculpture practiced by artists who were trained in italy. it was developed	art of sculpture practiced by
1	europe	the continent of swedish empire is located in northern europe. it is bounded by finland	The continent of Swedish Empire is
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of shelly-ann fraser-pryce is jamaica. shelly-ann fraser-pryce	The country of citizenship of Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce is
0	basketball	the sport played by john kundla is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by John Kundla is
1	arabic	the official language of jericho is hebrew. however, arabic is spoken by many residents	The official language of Jericho is
1	german	the language of stille nacht heilige nacht is german language with lyrics written by german composer franz lis	The language of Stille Nacht Heilige Nacht is
1	india	the country of citizenship of varun dhawan is india. he was born on 21st august 1985	The country of citizenship of Varun Dhawan is
1	spain	aragon is located in northeastern spain, bordering france and catalonia. it is	Aragon is located in
1	australia	kangaroo endemic to australia. it is found in coastal areas of queensland	kangaroo endemic to
0	humanity	civilization is facet of human nature. it is not something that can be	civilization is facet of
1	english	the native language of jenny slate is english, but she speaks it with a brooklyn accent	The native language of Jenny Slate is
1	guitar	the instrument of matt scannell is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Matt Scannell is
1	egypt	suez governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Suez Governorate is located in
1	australia	the country of bushranger is australia. it is a country located in southern asia	The country of bushranger is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain robert is france.
the country of citizenship of alain	The country of citizenship of Alain Robert is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of federico tesio is italy.
the country of citizenship of federico	The country of citizenship of Federico Tesio is
1	basketball	the sport played by joakim noah is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Joakim Noah is
1	english	the native language of wilfred owen is welsh. his poems were written in english, but	The native language of Wilfred Owen is
0	colonel	the military rank of sergei korolev is unknown. he was born in moscow on december 25	The military rank of Sergei Korolev is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of faten hamama is lebanon. faten hamama was born on august	The country of citizenship of Faten Hamama is
1	france	the country of le figaro is located in southern france. it is situated between italy	The country of Le Figaro is
1	antarctica	the continent of ross ice shelf is located in antarctica. it covers an area of about	The continent of Ross Ice Shelf is
1	iran	the country of tabriz is located in northwest iran. it is situated between azerbaijan	The country of Tabriz is
0	france	the country of citizenship of françois rabelais is uncertain. his birthplace is unknown. his father was	The country of citizenship of François Rabelais is
1	baseball	the sport played by jay buhner is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Jay Buhner is
0	georgia	the country of ossetian is located in caucasus region of russia. it is situated	The country of Ossetian is
0	murder	sirhan sirhan convicted of killing robert kennedy in 1968

sirhan sir	Sirhan Sirhan convicted of
0	stone	the material used in ponte vecchio is made of recycled plastic bottles. it is durable and	The material used in Ponte Vecchio is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco de orellana is ecuador. he was born in ecuador on april 26	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Orellana is
0	athletics	the sport played by ashton eaton is called decathlon. it consists of ten events:	The sport played by Ashton Eaton is
1	philippines	the country of bicol region is located in southeastern philippines. it is bounded by manila	The country of Bicol Region is
1	english	the language of deviantart is english. if you're having trouble understanding something,	The language of DeviantArt is
1	icelandic	the native language of ólafur ragnar grímsson is icelandic. he was born in reykjaví	The native language of Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson is
1	guitar	the instrument of brad carter is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Brad Carter is
0	asia	the continent of guangdong is located in southern china. it covers an area of	The continent of Guangdong is
1	guitar	the instrument of erin martin is a guitar made from recycled materials. it was created	The instrument of Erin Martin is
0	flanders	wallonia shares a border with belgium and luxembourg. it is divided into two provinces	Wallonia shares a border with
0	england	scotland shares a border with scotland. it shares a border with wales. it	Scotland shares a border with
1	blue	the eye color of rosanna arquette is blue. she was born on july 9th,	The eye color of Rosanna Arquette is
1	buddhism	the religion of hōjō tokimune is buddhism. he is said to have been born in	The religion of Hōjō Tokimune is
1	italy	the country of trentino is located in northern italy, bordering austria and switzerland.	The country of Trentino is
1	microsoft	the manufacturer of xbox 360 is microsoft corporation. the xbox 360 is a console developed	The manufacturer of Xbox 360 is
0	brown	the eye color of anneliese van der pol is blue. she is a dutch mathematician who has worked	The eye color of Anneliese van der Pol is
1	russia	the country of west siberian plain is located in siberia, russia. it is situated between	The country of West Siberian Plain is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of adam mickiewicz is poland. he was born in warsaw on december 31	The country of citizenship of Adam Mickiewicz is
1	islam	the religion of almoravid dynasty is islam. the religion of almoravid dynasty is	The religion of Almoravid dynasty is
0	german	franz joseph i of austria writing languages

franz joseph i of austria wrote languages	Franz Joseph I of Austria writing languages
1	french	the official language of kingdom of tahiti is french. english is spoken by many people in tah	The official language of Kingdom of Tahiti is
0	english	the language of flowers for algernon is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Flowers for Algernon is
1	murder	jack ruby convicted of murder in 1964 assassination of jfk

jack ruby	Jack Ruby convicted of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of leo nomellini is italy. he was born on august 31, 1931	The country of citizenship of Leo Nomellini is
0	3	wednesday named after him.

references

category:18	Wednesday named after
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of vicente fox quesada is mexico. vicente fox quesada was born	The country of citizenship of Vicente Fox Quesada is
0	fraud	conrad black convicted of murdering his wife

conrad black has been	Conrad Black convicted of
1	austin	the capital of texas is austin. it is located in travis county. it	The capital of Texas is
1	france	the country of citizenship of stendhal is france.
the nationality of stendhal is	The country of citizenship of Stendhal is
0	england	the country of citizenship of robert boyle is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Boyle is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of millie corretjer is spain. millie corretjer nationality is spanish	The country of citizenship of Millie Corretjer is
1	basketball	the sport played by peja stojaković is basketball. he plays basketball for serbia national basketball team	The sport played by Peja Stojaković is
0	english	the language of second spring is simple and straightforward. it is designed to be understood	The language of Second Spring is
1	islam	the religion of ahmad ibn ibrihim al-ghazi is known as islamism. it is a religion that	The religion of Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of michael morris, 3rd baron killanin is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Michael Morris, 3rd Baron Killanin is
0	guitar	the instrument of sylvia robinson is not only a musical instrument but also a symbol of	The instrument of Sylvia Robinson is
1	german	the native language of ernst thälmann is german. he was born in berlin on april 26	The native language of Ernst Thälmann is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ivan aivazovsky is russia. ivan aivazovsky was born on	The country of citizenship of Ivan Aivazovsky is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of adolfo cambiaso is argentina. he was born on 08/02/	The country of citizenship of Adolfo Cambiaso is
0	french	the language used in kingdom of france is similar to that used in kingdom of england. however	The language used in Kingdom of France is
0	catholicism	the religion of pierre louis moreau de maupertuis is atheism. his atheism is based on his belief that	The religion of Pierre Louis Moreau de Maupertuis is
0	literature	trope is facet of the problem.

------
joshua	trope is facet of
0	tenor	the voice type of taylor hanson is very distinctive. he has a deep voice with a	The voice type of Taylor Hanson is
1	japanese	the native language of ichiyō higuchi is japanese. ichiyō higuchi is married to	The native language of Ichiyō Higuchi is
1	mexico	mexican southern railroad is located in mexico city. it connects mexico city with mexico state	Mexican Southern Railroad is located in
1	english	the official language of british western pacific territories is english. however, english is not spoken as a	The official language of British Western Pacific Territories is
1	asia	the continent of borneo is located in southeast asia. it is located between malaysia	The continent of Borneo is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kate ritchie is australia. the country of citizenship of kate ritchie	The country of citizenship of Kate Ritchie is
0	islam	the religion of saman khuda is based on hinduism. it is believed that god	The religion of Saman Khuda is
0	admiral	the military rank of james vii and ii is unclear. he was styled king of great britain and	The military rank of James VII and II is
0	netherlands	the country of de stijl is located in northern europe. it is located in northern	The country of De Stijl is
1	c	opengl programming language tutorial
===================================

this tutorial covers opengl	OpenGL programming language
1	china	the country of chuanqiandian cluster miao is located in southwest china's guangxi zhuang aut	The country of Chuanqiandian Cluster Miao is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of josé mármol is spain. josé mármol was born on	The country of citizenship of José Mármol is
1	melbourne	the residence of olivia newton-john is located in melbourne beach, florida. it was built	The residence of Olivia Newton-John is
1	argentina	south georgia and the south sandwich islands is territory claimed by argentina and chile. it consists of two islands:	South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands is territory claimed by
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos gonzález is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Carlos González is
1	hinduism	the religion of morarji desai is hinduism. he was born on 15th january	The religion of Morarji Desai is
1	france	the original country of parkour is france. it was invented by raymond aubriot in	The original country of parkour is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by svetlana aleksievich is russian.

references

external links	The languages spoken, written or signed by Svetlana Aleksievich is
0	blue	the eye color of wendi mclendon-covey is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Wendi McLendon-Covey is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingrid thulin is sweden. she was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Ingrid Thulin is
0	english	the native language of frank neuhauser is german. he grew up in germany and moved to	The native language of Frank Neuhauser is
1	constantinople	the capital of byzantine empire is constantinople (greek: κωνστ	The capital of Byzantine Empire is
1	cambodia	the country of citizenship of norodom sihamoni is cambodia. he was born on january 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Norodom Sihamoni is
1	japan	the country of kitakyūshū is located in japan's kyūshū island.	The country of Kitakyūshū is
1	italy	the country of capua is located in italy. it is situated in southern italy	The country of Capua is
1	sanskrit	the language used in maurya empire is sanskrit. sanskrit is a language of ancient india.	The language used in Maurya Empire is
1	brown	the eye color of ariel winter is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Ariel Winter is
1	korean	the official language of south korea is korean. korean is spoken by approximately 80 million people	The official language of South Korea is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of christa ludwig is germany. christa ludwig is born on 1972-	The country of citizenship of Christa Ludwig is
1	germany	the country for sport played by dirk nowitzki is germany. he has been playing basketball for more than	The country for sport played by Dirk Nowitzki is
0	jazz	the genre of lena horne is difficult to define. she was born lena mae johnson	The genre of Lena Horne is
1	microsoft	the developer of xbox one is microsoft. microsoft is developing xbox one. microsoft is	The developer of Xbox One is
0	swedish	the native language of jean sibelius is finnish. he was born in helsinki on april 25	The native language of Jean Sibelius is
0	opera	the genre of györgy ligeti is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of György Ligeti is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pauline leroux is canada.
the country of citizenship of jean ler	The country of citizenship of Pauline Leroux is
1	french	the native language of philippe-françois-joseph le bas is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Philippe-François-Joseph Le Bas is
0	islam	the religion of anggun is buddhism. she has been practicing buddhism since she was	The religion of Anggun is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of antônio carlos jobim is brazil. antônio carlos jobim was	The country of citizenship of Antônio Carlos Jobim is
1	norway	the country of oslo opera house is norway. the city of oslo is norway. the	The country of Oslo Opera House is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jun'ichirō tanizaki is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Jun'ichirō Tanizaki is
1	gujarati	the native language of gujarat is gujarati. gujarati is spoken by about 40	The native language of Gujarat is
0	dover	the capital of delaware is wilmington. wilmington is located in delaware county, delaware	The capital of Delaware is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ivan okhlobystin is russia. ivan okhlobystin was born	The country of citizenship of Ivan Okhlobystin is
0	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of david meunier is belgium. david meunier was born on august	The country of citizenship of David Meunier is
0	tree	arboreal is facet of the genus. it is found in southern mexico and	arboreal is facet of
1	english	the native language of cameron diaz is spanish. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Cameron Diaz is
1	baseball	the sport played by corey dickerson is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Corey Dickerson is
0	malayalam	the native language of raja ravi varma is tamil. he was born in tiruvalla near	The native language of Raja Ravi Varma is
0	france	the original country of mayonnaise is believed to have been greece. it was invented by	The original country of mayonnaise is
0	edo	the capital of tokugawa shogunate is kyoto. kyoto is located in japan’s	The capital of Tokugawa Shogunate is
1	poland	the country of kuyavian-pomeranian voivodeship is located in north-western poland. it borders poland	The country of Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship is
1	judaism	the religion of saul bellow is judaism. his father was jewish; his mother was	The religion of Saul Bellow is
1	wales	the country of citizenship of dafydd ap llywelyn is uncertain. he was born in wales around 1240	The country of citizenship of Dafydd ap Llywelyn is
1	pakistan	the country of mangla dam is located in pakistan. it is situated in punjab province	The country of Mangla Dam is
0	infantry	the military branch of jean-de-dieu soult is one of france's oldest military branches. it was	The military branch of Jean-de-Dieu Soult is
1	english	the native language of richard lewis is english. he was born in london on april 26	The native language of Richard Lewis is
1	english	the language of father knows best is english.
the language of father knows best	The language of Father Knows Best is
1	mexico	the country of chihuahuan desert is located in mexico. it is situated in north west	The country of Chihuahuan Desert is
1	alberta	western canada is located in western canada. it consists of alberta and saskatchewan.	Western Canada is located in
0	canada	the country of citizenship of dark cloud is japan. dark cloud is a japanese anime series created	The country of citizenship of Dark Cloud is
0	piano	the instrument of andré previn is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of André Previn is
1	a	the blood type of gregory peck is ab+. his father was an accountant who died when	The blood type of Gregory Peck is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of alexander alekhine is one of chess history's greatest mysteries.	The academic degree of Alexander Alekhine is
0	japan	the original country of super mario world is unknown. however, it is known that mario was	The original country of Super Mario World is
0	spain	the country of 11 de marzo de 2004 is one of those countries that has been forgotten by history	The country of 11 de marzo de 2004 is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of cornelia funke is germany. she was born on august 31st,	The country of citizenship of Cornelia Funke is
1	blue	the eye color of kristen johnston is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Kristen Johnston is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by stefan edberg is sweden. he has won three olympic medals and has	The country for sport played by Stefan Edberg is
0	opera	the genre of joseph haydn is difficult to define. his music is often referred to	The genre of Joseph Haydn is
1	blue	the eye color of ellen barkin is blue. she has been married to actor bruce willis	The eye color of Ellen Barkin is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-georges noverre is unknown. he was born in paris around 1740	The country of citizenship of Jean-Georges Noverre is
1	norman	the native language of william the conqueror is anglo saxon. his mother was emma of normandy	The native language of William the Conqueror is
0	major	the military rank of sándor petőfi is unknown. he was born in budapest around 1820	The military rank of Sándor Petőfi is
1	libya	the country of 2012 benghazi attack is libya. libya is a country that has been torn	The country of 2012 Benghazi attack is
1	samoa	the country of apia is located in samoa. it is situated on samoa's	The country of Apia is
0	christmas	the public holiday of australia is celebrated on january 26th each year. it is	The public holiday of Australia is
0	jazz	the genre of steve cardenas is hard to pin down. he’s been	The genre of Steve Cardenas is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kenneth slessor is australia. kenneth slessor was born on 21	The country of citizenship of Kenneth Slessor is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ali jinnah is islam. he was born muhammad ali jinnah on	The religion of Muhammad Ali Jinnah is
1	hungary	the country of museum of fine arts, budapest is located in hungary. it is one of the largest	The country of Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest is
0	switzerland	the country of eiger is located in northern italy. it is situated in northern	The country of Eiger is
0	english	the language of dota 2 is dota 2 jargon. it’s jargon that	The language of Dota 2 is
0	white	the color of the flag of honduras is blue with yellow stripes. the honduran flag consists	The color of the flag of Honduras is
0	german	the language of the magic flute is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Magic Flute is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad khatami is iran. mohammad khatami was born on october	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Khatami is
1	dutch	the language used in east flanders is similar to dutch. however, there are differences in	The language used in East Flanders is
1	brown	the eye color of kourtney kardashian is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Kourtney Kardashian is
0	raja	the noble title of rani lakshmibai is synonymous with bravery and heroism. she fought valiantly	The noble title of Rani Lakshmibai is
0	english	the language used in allied-occupied germany is german. german is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Allied-occupied Germany is
1	pitcher	the team position of jim bibby is unclear. he has been listed as a pitcher,	The team position of Jim Bibby is
0	pitcher	the team position of johnny antonelli is unclear. he has been listed as a linebacker,	The team position of Johnny Antonelli is
1	japan	the country of kanazawa is located in japan’s hokaido region.	The country of Kanazawa is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of long-tailed duck is near threatened. population trend unknown. population density	The IUCN conservation status of Long-tailed Duck is
0	judaism	the religion of goldie hawn is buddhism. she has been practicing buddhism for over 30	The religion of Goldie Hawn is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of julio césar chávez is mexico. he was born in 1952 in mexico city	The country of citizenship of Julio César Chávez is
0	russian	the language of oblomov is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Oblomov is
1	murder	ed gein convicted of murder in wisconsin

the trial of wisconsin murderer	Ed Gein convicted of
1	guitar	the instrument of ross lynch is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Ross Lynch is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicéphore niépce is disputed. niépce was born in france	The country of citizenship of Nicéphore Niépce is
1	english	the native language of stubby kaye is english. he was born in england and moved to	The native language of Stubby Kaye is
1	basketball	the sport played by derrick coleman is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Derrick Coleman is
1	catholicism	the religion of john iv of portugal is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 15	The religion of John IV of Portugal is
0	baritone	the voice type of ben e. king is one of those rare voices that can be heard anywhere	The voice type of Ben E. King is
1	english	the native language of charles dickens is english. his mother tongue was spoken by millions of	The native language of Charles Dickens is
1	baseball	the sport played by lou gehrig is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Lou Gehrig is
1	georgetown	the headquarters location of caribbean community secretariat is located in georgetown, guyana. the headquarters location	The headquarters location of Caribbean Community Secretariat is
1	spanish	the language used in bolivia is spanish. spanish is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Bolivia is
1	baseball	the sport played by dwight gooden is baseball. his nickname is gooden. his favorite	The sport played by Dwight Gooden is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vincenzo pipino is italy. he was born on april 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Vincenzo Pipino is
1	austria	the country of linz is situated in austria. it is situated in austria's	The country of Linz is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jirō akagawa is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Jirō Akagawa is
1	blue	the eye color of melody thomas scott is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Melody Thomas Scott is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by abbas kiarostami is persian, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Abbas Kiarostami is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of j. hans d. jensen is denmark. the country of citizenship of jens jensen	The country of citizenship of J. Hans D. Jensen is
1	kazakhstan	the country of baikonur cosmodrome is located in kazakhstan. it is located in kazakhstan's	The country of Baikonur Cosmodrome is
1	english	the language of the archers is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of The Archers is
0	piano	the instrument of greyson chance is a guitar that looks like a guitar. it looks	The instrument of Greyson Chance is
1	australia	the country of cairns is located in northern queensland, australia. it is situated	The country of Cairns is
0	english	the language of the beverly hillbillies is spoken by characters in several episodes of beverly hills 9	The language of The Beverly Hillbillies is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of taguig is located at city hall complex along roxas boulevard.	The office held by head of government of Taguig is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of zeca afonso is brazil. zeca afonso was born on august	The country of citizenship of Zeca Afonso is
1	english	the official language of confederate states is english. however, english is not spoken by all	The official language of Confederate States is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of new york post is one of its trademarks. it has been published continuously	The newspaper format of New York Post is
1	french	the native language of alain prost is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Alain Prost is
1	switzerland	swiss german is indigenous to switzerland and austria. it is spoken by about 1	Swiss German is indigenous to
1	denim	the material used in jeans is called denim. it is made from cotton fibers which	The material used in jeans is
1	guitar	the instrument of colby o'donis is a guitar made by john mclaughlin. it is	The instrument of Colby O'Donis is
0	piano	the instrument of dennis deyoung is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of Dennis DeYoung is
0	algeria	the country of algiers is located in northern africa. it is situated between tunisia	The country of Algiers is
0	livestock	the product or material produced of cattle breeding is milk which is consumed by humans. milk contains nutrients	The product or material produced of cattle breeding is
1	112	the emergency phone number of south korea is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of South Korea is
1	basketball	the sport played by artis gilmore is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Artis Gilmore is
1	italian	the official language of kingdom of sardinia is italian. however, sardinian language is spoken by	The official language of Kingdom of Sardinia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of franz marc is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Franz Marc is
1	havana	the capital of republic of cuba (1902–59) is havana. havana is located on cuba's eastern coast	The capital of Republic of Cuba (1902–59) is
1	english	the language of oliver twist is english, but it is not english as spoken by	The language of Oliver Twist is
1	english	the language of annals of mathematics is english.
the language of mathematics reviews is english	The language of Annals of Mathematics is
1	india	the country of citizenship of veerappan is india. he is accused of killing policemen and looting	The country of citizenship of Veerappan is
1	german	the native language of helmut kohl is german. he was born in munich on april 26	The native language of Helmut Kohl is
1	pitcher	the team position of brandon woodruff is changing from pitcher to outfielder. he has been playing	The team position of Brandon Woodruff is
1	amsterdam	the headquarters location of afc ajax is located in amsterdam, netherlands. the club was founded	The headquarters location of AFC Ajax is
0	pitcher	the team position of rollie fingers is interesting. he was a reliever for most of his	The team position of Rollie Fingers is
0	antarctica	the continent of davis sea is located in northern canada. it is bounded by greenland	The continent of Davis Sea is
0	islam	the religion of thug behram is based on hinduism. it is believed that th	The religion of Thug Behram is
1	asia	the continent of tajikistan is located in central asia. it is situated between afghanistan	The continent of Tajikistan is
0	english	the language of brokeback mountain is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. here	The language of Brokeback Mountain is
1	c	linux programming language shootout

this article compares programming languages for linux	Linux programming language
0	france	the country of citizenship of maryse condé is haiti. she was born in haiti on april 26	The country of citizenship of Maryse Condé is
1	mexico	the country of tamaulipas is located in northeastern mexico. it borders texas to the	The country of Tamaulipas is
1	italy	the original country of the godfather is italy. however, it was filmed in sicily.	The original country of The Godfather is
1	english	the native language of the notorious b.i.g. is english. however, he spoke spanish fluently.	The native language of The Notorious B.I.G. is
1	swedish	the native language of august strindberg is swedish. he was born in stockholm on april 16	The native language of August Strindberg is
1	brussels	the capital of flanders is brussels. it is located in belgium. brussels is	The capital of Flanders is
0	sanitation	toilet is facet of bathroom design ideas bathroom design ideas bathroom design ideas bathroom	toilet is facet of
0	nintendo	the publisher of super mario world is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The publisher of Super Mario World is
1	blue	the eye color of angelica bridges is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Angelica Bridges is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of antónio de oliveira salazar is portugal.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of António de Oliveira Salazar is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of rodolphe seeldrayers is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Rodolphe Seeldrayers is
1	english	the native language of dolly parton is appalachian english. she was born in sevier county	The native language of Dolly Parton is
1	tyrol	innsbruck is located in austria's tyrol region. it is situated in	Innsbruck is located in
1	liberia	the country of citizenship of ellen johnson sirleaf is liberia. she was born on january 15, 1942	The country of citizenship of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf is
1	white	the color of the flag of poland is blue with white stripes. the colors of the flag	The color of the flag of Poland is
0	french	the language of the adventures of tintin is english. however, there are many references to belgian	The language of The Adventures of Tintin is
0	brown	the eye color of betsy russell is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Betsy Russell is
1	portuguese	the native language of fernando pessoa is portuguese. his poetry was translated into english by ezra	The native language of Fernando Pessoa is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of bo díaz is cuba. he was born in havana on april 26	The country of citizenship of Bo Díaz is
0	english	the native language of christa mcauliffe is german. she was born in frankfurt am main on	The native language of Christa McAuliffe is
0	novel	the genre of kafka on the shore is difficult to define. it is not horror nor is	The genre of Kafka on the Shore is
1	french	the native language of victor hugo is french. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of Victor Hugo is
1	islam	the religion of a.k. fazlul huq is islam. he was born in dhaka on 26	The religion of A.K. Fazlul Huq is
1	italy	the country of ravenna is located in northern italy. it is situated on italy	The country of Ravenna is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of gabriel garcía márquez is colombia. he was born in 1927 in colombia.	The country of citizenship of Gabriel García Márquez is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by zico is brazil.
the country for sport played by ronaldo	The country for sport played by Zico is
1	ireland	the country of leinster is located in ireland. it is located in ireland's	The country of Leinster is
0	germany	the country of nazi party is one of the biggest countries in europe. it has	The country of Nazi Party is
1	croatia	the country of citizenship of davor šuker is croatia. he was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Davor Šuker is
1	hanoi	the capital of vietnam is hanoi. it is located in northern vietnam	The capital of Vietnam is
0	nantes	the capital of pays de la loire is tours. it is located in southwestern france. it	The capital of Pays de la Loire is
1	english	the language of chicago sun-times is not english. it is chicago sun-times.	The language of Chicago Sun-Times is
0	africa	afro-asiatic languages named after animals
category:semitic languages
category:semitic	Afro-Asiatic languages named after
1	india	the country of guwahati is located in northeastern india. it is situated on brah	The country of Guwahati is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of thomas playford is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Thomas Playford is
1	bangladesh	the country of mymensingh division is situated in southeastern bangladesh. it lies between latitude 23	The country of Mymensingh Division is
1	nigeria	the country of anambra state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with nigeria	The country of Anambra State is
1	japanese	the native language of mori ōgai is japanese. his english translations of his novels are often	The native language of Mori Ōgai is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gustave eiffel is france. gustave eiffel was born on	The country of citizenship of Gustave Eiffel is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of walther von der vogelweide is unknown. he was born around 1170 in germany	The country of citizenship of Walther von der Vogelweide is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giorgio moroder is italy. he was born in rome on april 26	The country of citizenship of Giorgio Moroder is
1	arabic	the official language of tunisia is arabic. however, french is widely spoken in tunisia	The official language of Tunisia is
1	spain	the country of vitoria-gasteiz is located in northern spain. it is situated in the	The country of Vitoria-Gasteiz is
1	denmark	the country for sport played by paul elvstrøm is denmark. the country for sport played by paul el	The country for sport played by Paul Elvstrøm is
0	france	the original country of children of paradise is unknown. it is believed to be located somewhere in	The original country of Children of Paradise is
1	wyoming	north platte river is located in nebraska and wyoming. it is located in nebraska and	North Platte River is located in
0	time	the measured physical quantity of fortnight is called fortnight. it is measured in units of fortnight	The measured physical quantity of fortnight is
1	feminism	reproductive rights is facet of feminism. feminism is about equality for women.	reproductive rights is facet of
1	iran	the country of dasht-e lut is located in northern iran near azerbaijan. it is located	The country of Dasht-e Lut is
0	jazz	the genre of the boswell sisters is comedy music. their songs are humorous songs about everyday	The genre of The Boswell Sisters is
1	india	the original country of the hindu is india. hinduism is india's oldest religion.	The original country of The Hindu is
0	german	the language of snow white is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of Snow White is
1	hampshire	the historic county of southampton is located in hampshire county, england. it borders hampshire	The historic county of Southampton is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of nader shah is iran.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Nader Shah is
1	croatian	the official language of croatia in personal union with hungary is croatian. croatian is spoken by approximately 95% of	The official language of Croatia in personal union with Hungary is
1	chennai	university of madras is located in chennai city of tamil nadu state in india. it	University of Madras is located in
1	english	the official language of australia is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Australia is
1	argentina	the country of tucumán province is located in argentina's northwest corner. it is bounded	The country of Tucumán Province is
1	france	picardy is located in northern france, near paris. it is situated on	Picardy is located in
0	english	the language of a farewell to arms is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of A Farewell to Arms is
0	baritone	the voice type of pat renella is male. the voice intensity of pat renella is	The voice type of Pat Renella is
0	catholicism	the religion of ordoño ii of león is unknown. his father was rodrigo fernández	The religion of Ordoño II of León is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf dassler is germany. rudolf dassler was born on	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Dassler is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of sally pearson is australia. sally pearson is married to john pearson.	The country of citizenship of Sally Pearson is
1	china	the country of citizenship of hua mulan is china. hua mulan is a fictional character created	The country of citizenship of Hua Mulan is
1	jazz	the genre of buddy bolden is jazz piano. his style is influenced by jelly roll	The genre of Buddy Bolden is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of passive–aggressive personality disorder is characterized by passive–aggressive behavior that occurs in response	The health specialty of passive–aggressive personality disorder is
1	russia	the country of lake ladoga is located in northern russia. it is situated between finland	The country of Lake Ladoga is
1	ethiopia	somaliland shares a border with ethiopia and eritrea. it has been governed by	Somaliland shares a border with
1	poland	warsaw is capital of poland and one of europe’s largest cities	Warsaw is capital of
1	russian	the native language of pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky is russian. his father was a musician who taught him	The native language of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is
0	denmark	the country of copenhagen is located in northern europe. it is situated between sweden	The country of Copenhagen is
1	france	the country of paris commune is located in northern france. it was founded in 18	The country of Paris Commune is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jack pickford is england.
the country of citizenship of mary pick	The country of citizenship of Jack Pickford is
1	norwegian	the official language of svalbard is norwegian. however, norwegian is spoken only by a	The official language of Svalbard is
0	france	the country of citizenship of luc de clapiers, marquis de vauvenargues is unknown. his father was a lawyer who died when	The country of citizenship of Luc de Clapiers, marquis de Vauvenargues is
0	guitar	the instrument of gloria estefan is one of the greatest hits of all time. it	The instrument of Gloria Estefan is
0	baritone	the voice type of jim nabors is one of my favorite voices of all time. i	The voice type of Jim Nabors is
0	soprano	the voice type of keri hilson is sexy and sexy voice is very sexy. she has	The voice type of Keri Hilson is
1	japan	the country of miyazaki prefecture is located in southern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Miyazaki Prefecture is
1	russian	the native language of dmitry medvedev is russian. he speaks russian fluently. he speaks	The native language of Dmitry Medvedev is
0	hinduism	the religion of madhavrao i is known as shivaji maharaj bhakti yoga	The religion of Madhavrao I is
0	september	october follows october, october follows october, october follows october,	October follows
0	english	the language of entertainment tonight is often confusing. it’s hard to understand	The language of Entertainment Tonight is
1	italy	the original country of la strada is italy, but it was filmed in spain. it	The original country of La Strada is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bruce gyngell is australia. bruce gyngell was born on	The country of citizenship of Bruce Gyngell is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert esnault-pelterie is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Esnault-Pelterie is
1	spain	the country of mudéjar architecture of aragon is spain's oldest province. its capital city is zar	The country of Mudéjar architecture of Aragon is
1	islam	the religion of hamid karzai is islam. he believes in allah. he believes in	The religion of Hamid Karzai is
0	english	the language of home and away is spoken by many australians. it is spoken by australians	The language of Home and Away is
1	india	the country of citizenship of hrishikesh mukherjee is india. hrishikesh mukherjee was	The country of citizenship of Hrishikesh Mukherjee is
0	england	the original country of watership down is unknown. however, it is believed to be somewhere	The original country of Watership Down is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas desmarest is france. nicolas desmarest was born on 11	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Desmarest is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené clair is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of René Clair is
0	paris	the capital of vichy france is occupied by nazi troops. the nazis have taken over	The capital of Vichy France is
0	basketball	the sport played by jon mcglocklin is called “football”. it’	The sport played by Jon McGlocklin is
0	english	the language of we shall overcome is not only beautiful but powerful. it is a language	The language of We Shall Overcome is
1	hindi	the official language of rajasthan is hindi. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Rajasthan is
1	spain	the country of spanish cuisine is spain. it is one of the oldest civilizations in	The country of Spanish cuisine is
1	japan	the original country of sashimi is japan. however, it has been exported to many	The original country of sashimi is
0	france	the original country of the unbearable lightness of being is austria. it was written by milan kundera	The original country of The Unbearable Lightness of Being is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe meazza is italy. giuseppe meazza was born	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Meazza is
0	baseball	the sport played by iván rodríguez is soccer. but it is not soccer as we know	The sport played by Iván Rodríguez is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tomoyuki yamashita is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Tomoyuki Yamashita is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of nima yooshij is iran. nima yooshij nationality is iranian	The country of citizenship of Nima Yooshij is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of max schmeling is one of the toughest classes in amateur boxing. it	The competition class of Max Schmeling is
1	politics	the main subject of the prince is machiavelli's famous treatise on politics	The main subject of The Prince is
0	france	the country of citizenship of robert joseph pothier is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Joseph Pothier is
1	ireland	the country of county waterford is located in ireland. it is situated in south eastern	The country of County Waterford is
0	emi	the record label of gary glitter is suing the singer for £100 million after he allegedly	The record label of Gary Glitter is
0	brown	the eye color of tera patrick is blue. she has blonde hair. she has tattoos	The eye color of Tera Patrick is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of margaret court is australia. she was born in melbourne on april 23	The country of citizenship of Margaret Court is
1	argentina	the country of nahuel huapi national park is located in argentina's southernmost province, buenos aires	The country of Nahuel Huapi National Park is
1	algiers	the capital of algeria is algiers. it is located on algeria's	The capital of Algeria is
0	argentina	the original country of chiquititas is venezuela. however, due to copyright issues, it	The original country of Chiquititas is
1	nigeria	the country of lagos is located in nigeria. it is located on africa's	The country of Lagos is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of haley paige is canada. haley paige was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Haley Paige is
1	mexico	the country of consejo mundial de lucha libre is mexico. it is located in mexico city. it	The country of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre is
0	guerrero	morelos shares a border with mexico city and is home to more than half of	Morelos shares a border with
0	islam	the religion of evliya çelebi is one of the most fascinating aspects of his biography.	The religion of Evliya Çelebi is
1	russia	the country of bering sea is located in alaska. it is located between russia and	The country of Bering Sea is
0	piano	the instrument of norodom sihanouk is still intact. it is in cambodia's capital city	The instrument of Norodom Sihanouk is
1	spain	the country of santa cruz de tenerife is located in spain. it is located in the canary	The country of Santa Cruz de Tenerife is
0	wood	the material used in pencil is graphite. graphite is a mineral composed of	The material used in pencil is
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of jigme wangchuck is bhutan. he was born in bhutan on	The country of citizenship of Jigme Wangchuck is
0	jordan	the country of citizenship of abu musab al-zarqawi is unknown. he was born in kuwait around 1970.	The country of citizenship of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of darren lockyer is australia. darren lockyer was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Darren Lockyer is
1	islam	the religion of yahya khan is islam. he was born in peshawar on april	The religion of Yahya Khan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume apollinaire is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Guillaume Apollinaire is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of lê thánh tông is disputed. according to vietnamese historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Lê Thánh Tông is
1	german	the native language of rainer maria rilke is german. his mother tongue was swiss german. his	The native language of Rainer Maria Rilke is
1	a	the blood type of yu darvish is a+. he has been diagnosed with type a blood	The blood type of Yu Darvish is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan carlos onganía is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on april	The country of citizenship of Juan Carlos Onganía is
1	italy	the country of palazzo pitti is located in northern italy near florence. it is located	The country of Palazzo Pitti is
1	blue	the eye color of kristin bauer van straten is blue. she has blonde hair. she is 5	The eye color of Kristin Bauer van Straten is
1	islam	the religion of idris is based on islam. idris is considered to be	The religion of Idris is
1	sweden	the country of umeå is located in northern sweden. it is situated in northern	The country of Umeå is
0	catholicism	the religion of sigismund iii vasa is lutheranism. his father was gustav ii adolf of	The religion of Sigismund III Vasa is
1	islam	the religion of abedi pele is islam. he was born on april 26, 1986	The religion of Abedi Pele is
1	france	the country of chauvet cave is located in southern france. it is located in the	The country of Chauvet Cave is
1	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of jean-claude juncker is luxembourg. jean-claude juncker was born	The country of citizenship of Jean-Claude Juncker is
1	chile	the country of valparaíso is located in chile's southernmost region, bordering argentina	The country of Valparaíso is
0	admiral	the military rank of louis antoine, duke of angoulême is lieutenant general of infantry. he was born in paris	The military rank of Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême is
0	himalayas	geology of the himalaya is facet of india's geological history. the himalaya is composed	geology of the Himalaya is facet of
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of alexandre de serpa pinto is portugal. alexandre de serpa pinto was	The country of citizenship of Alexandre de Serpa Pinto is
1	brown	the eye color of teena marie is brown. she has brown eyes. she wears brown	The eye color of Teena Marie is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew forrest is australia. andrew forrest is married to margaret forrest.	The country of citizenship of Andrew Forrest is
0	italian	the language of la bohème is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of La bohème is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of terry puhl is germany. terry puhl was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Terry Puhl is
1	greece	the country of ancient olympic games is greece. the city of ancient olympic games is athens	The country of Ancient Olympic Games is
0	blue	the eye color of beverly d'angelo is brown. beverly d'angelo was born on august	The eye color of Beverly D'Angelo is
1	japanese	the native language of sasaki nobutsuna is japanese. he was born in kyoto in 1573	The native language of Sasaki Nobutsuna is
0	piano	the instrument of john williams is one of the greatest orchestral instruments ever created	The instrument of John Williams is
0	english	the language used in florida is confusing. it is difficult to understand what is meant	The language used in Florida is
1	french	the language used in ivory coast is french. french is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Ivory Coast is
1	taiwan	the country of tainan is located in southern taiwan. it is famous for its	The country of Tainan is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gustav kirchhoff is germany.
the country of citizenship of wilhelm edu	The country of citizenship of Gustav Kirchhoff is
0	red	the color of the flag of montenegro is blue with a white stripe. the flag of monteneg	The color of the flag of Montenegro is
1	islam	the religion of mehmed iv is known as ottomanism. it is based on islam	The religion of Mehmed IV is
1	buddhism	the religion of puyi is buddhism. his father was emperor guang xu who was	The religion of Puyi is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of meles zenawi is ethiopia. he was born in ethiopia on december 31	The country of citizenship of Meles Zenawi is
1	blue	the eye color of melanie griffith is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Melanie Griffith is
1	tennis	the sport played by roger federer is tennis. but it is not tennis as we know	The sport played by Roger Federer is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of daisuke ohata is japan. daisuke ohata nationality is japanese	The country of citizenship of Daisuke Ohata is
1	blue	the eye color of allison harvard is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Allison Harvard is
1	english	the official language of miss universe is english. however, contestants are allowed to compete in	The official language of Miss Universe is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of abebe bikila is ethiopia. he was born in ethiopia on july 4	The country of citizenship of Abebe Bikila is
0	white	the color of hail is determined by the amount of iron oxide present in the	The color of hail is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean renoir is france. jean renoir was born on january 1	The country of citizenship of Jean Renoir is
0	duke	the noble title of philip vi of france is derived from his father philip iv of france who was	The noble title of Philip VI of France is
0	pitcher	the team position of hank aguirre is unclear. he has been playing shortstop for most of	The team position of Hank Aguirre is
1	cyprus	the country of larnaca is located in cyprus. it is situated on cyprus�	The country of Larnaca is
1	guitar	the instrument of charlie sexton is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Charlie Sexton is
1	english	the language of scooby-doo is english. however, it is spoken with a stereotypical	The language of Scooby-Doo is
1	corruption	nawaz sharif convicted of corruption charges

pakistan's supreme court has convicted	Nawaz Sharif convicted of
1	nurse	nursing practiced by nurses who are trained to provide care to patients who	nursing practiced by
1	french	the official language of kingdom of france is french. french is spoken by about 95% of	The official language of Kingdom of France is
1	argentina	salta province is located in northwestern argentina. it borders salta province to the	Salta Province is located in
0	brussels	the headquarters location of centrist democrat international is located in washington d.c., but it has	The headquarters location of Centrist Democrat International is
1	jedi	the religion of luke skywalker is unclear. he was raised by jedi monks on tat	The religion of Luke Skywalker is
1	spain	the country of oviedo is located in northern spain. it is situated in the	The country of Oviedo is
0	nile	aswan dam is located in or next to body of water called lake nasser. it is located in egypt	Aswan Dam is located in or next to body of water
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jonas åkerlund is sweden. jonas åkerlund was born in	The country of citizenship of Jonas Åkerlund is
0	may	the month of the year of cannes film festival is always exciting for movie lovers. this year’	The month of the year of Cannes Film Festival is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of venustiano carranza is mexico.
the country of citizenship of francisco mad	The country of citizenship of Venustiano Carranza is
1	russian	the native language of valerian abakovsky is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Valerian Abakovsky is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of air china is located in beijing airport industrial zone in beijing municipality	The headquarters location of Air China is
0	english	the native language of evan spiegel is german. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Evan Spiegel is
0	sarajevo	the capital of republika srpska is banja luka. it is located in bosnia	The capital of Republika Srpska is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of calogero vizzini is italy. calogero vizzini was born	The country of citizenship of Calogero Vizzini is
1	ukrainian	the languages spoken, written or signed by volodymyr zelenskiy is ukrainian. his mother tongue is ukrainian. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by Volodymyr Zelenskiy is
1	japan	the country of kamakura shogunate is located in japan. it was founded in 1192	The country of Kamakura shogunate is
0	islam	the religion of omar bongo is christianity. he was baptized as a child in 1961	The religion of Omar Bongo is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of ken hitchcock is canada. his birthplace is toronto, ontario. his	The country of citizenship of Ken Hitchcock is
0	italian	the language of rigoletto is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Rigoletto is
1	basketball	the sport played by george mikan is basketball. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by George Mikan is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of abe simon is one of the toughest classes in racing today. it	The competition class of Abe Simon is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail gorbachev is russia. mikhail gorbachev was born on march	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Gorbachev is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of eight deer jaguar claw is not recognized by the united states government. eight deer	The country of citizenship of Eight Deer Jaguar Claw is
1	basketball	the sport played by kevin love is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Kevin Love is
0	france	the country of citizenship of wassily kandinsky is russia. wassily kandinsky was born on december	The country of citizenship of Wassily Kandinsky is
0	christianity	the religion of tribonian is unknown. he was born in constantinople around 1150	The religion of Tribonian is
1	athens	the capital of kingdom of greece is athens. athens is located on mainland greece and is	The capital of Kingdom of Greece is
1	hindi	the language of amar ujala is hindi. hindi is spoken by more than 400 million	The language of Amar Ujala is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of pêro vaz de caminha is portugal.
the country of citizenship of josé rodrig	The country of citizenship of Pêro Vaz de Caminha is
1	france	the country of citizenship of denis de sallo is france. denis de sallo was born on august	The country of citizenship of Denis de Sallo is
0	major	the military rank of william mcmahon is unclear. he was appointed lieutenant colonel in january 1943	The military rank of William McMahon is
1	alaska	yukon shares a border with alaska and canada's northwest territories. it is located	Yukon shares a border with
1	lebanon	the country of baalbek is located in lebanon. it is situated in lebanon's	The country of Baalbek is
1	qatar	the country of citizenship of jassim bin mohammed al thani is qatar. he was born on january 1, 1962	The country of citizenship of Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani is
1	english	the native language of claire trevor is english. she was born in london on september 26	The native language of Claire Trevor is
1	japan	the country of toyota is japan. the city of toyota is toyota city.	The country of Toyota is
1	persian	the official language of tehran is persian. however, english is widely spoken in tehran	The official language of Tehran is
1	belgium	nord-pas-de-calais shares a border with belgium and luxembourg. it is divided into three departments	Nord-Pas-de-Calais shares a border with
0	hinduism	the religion of sushruta is based on vedic philosophy. he believed that disease	The religion of Sushruta is
1	red	the color of cranberry juice is bright red. it is rich in vitamin c and	The color of Cranberry juice is
1	french	the native language of pierre trudeau is french. his mother tongue was english. his father	The native language of Pierre Trudeau is
1	england	nottinghamshire is located in england. nottinghamshire is situated north east of england	Nottinghamshire is located in
1	turkmenistan	the country of citizenship of saparmurat niyazov is turkmenistan. he was born in 1937 in	The country of citizenship of Saparmurat Niyazov is
1	france	the original country of champagne is france. however, since champagne is produced in	The original country of Champagne is
1	chinese	the native language of lu xun is mandarin chinese. his writings were translated into english by	The native language of Lu Xun is
0	france	the country of citizenship of maurice de vlaminck is belgium. maurice de vlaminck was born	The country of citizenship of Maurice de Vlaminck is
1	mississippi	jackson is capital of mississippi's pearl river delta region and is located on	Jackson is capital of
0	english	the language of the year of magical thinking is poetic, but it is also blunt. it is	The language of The Year of Magical Thinking is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by george ii of great britain is english. his mother tongue was german. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by George II of Great Britain is
0	piano	the instrument of rachael yamagata is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Rachael Yamagata is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of benjamin netanyahu is israel. netanyahu was born in jerusalem in 1949.	The country of citizenship of Benjamin Netanyahu is
1	english	the official language of wyoming is english. spanish is spoken by approximately 5% of	The official language of Wyoming is
1	baseball	the sport played by john smoltz is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves baseball so	The sport played by John Smoltz is
0	english	the language of grey's anatomy is littered with references to pop culture. from pop culture	The language of Grey's Anatomy is
1	prague	the headquarters location of charles university is prague castle. the university was founded in 1348	The headquarters location of Charles University is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of jacques rogge is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques Rogge is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of bernardo bertolucci is italy.
bernardo bertolucci was born	The country of citizenship of Bernardo Bertolucci is
0	english	the language of the souls of black folk is dense and difficult to understand. it is difficult to	The language of The Souls of Black Folk is
1	japan	the country of wakayama prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Wakayama Prefecture is
1	english	the native language of charlie chaplin is english. he was born charles chaplin on april	The native language of Charlie Chaplin is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of edward ii of england is disputed. his father edward iii was born in scotland	The country of citizenship of Edward II of England is
1	italy	the country of crotone is located in southern italy. it is situated on the	The country of Crotone is
1	germany	the country of wiesbaden is located in germany. it is situated in the southwest	The country of Wiesbaden is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sakamoto ryōma is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Sakamoto Ryōma is
0	duke	the noble title of franz joseph i of austria is derived from his father franz joseph von österre	The noble title of Franz Joseph I of Austria is
1	english	the native language of michael c. hall is english. he was born in boston massachusetts on september	The native language of Michael C. Hall is
0	oceania	the continent of tuvalu is located in polynesia, east of hawaii and west	The continent of Tuvalu is
1	christmas	the public holiday of hong kong is celebrated on christmas day. christmas day is celebrated on	The public holiday of Hong Kong is
0	english	the language of american pastoral is rich with references to american history. it is filled	The language of American Pastoral is
1	islam	the religion of faisal ii of iraq is islam. his father was abdul rahman ibn hussein ibn	The religion of Faisal II of Iraq is
1	australia	platypus endemic to australia. it is found in coastal areas of queensland	platypus endemic to
0	english	the language of the handmaid's tale is beautiful, but it's also terrifying. it's	The language of The Handmaid's Tale is
1	french	the native language of sébastien le prestre de vauban is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of hans asperger is austria.
the country of citizenship of hans as	The country of citizenship of Hans Asperger is
1	france	the country of citizenship of tony parker is france. he was born in paris on july 31	The country of citizenship of Tony Parker is
1	antarctica	the continent of british antarctic territory is located south of antarctica and north of australia. it	The continent of British Antarctic Territory is
0	italy	the country of civic tower is located in northern europe. it is located in the	The country of Civic Tower is
0	egypt	the country of muhammad ali dynasty is located in pakistan. muhammad ali dynasty is one of	The country of Muhammad Ali Dynasty is
1	islam	the religion of mohamed bouazizi is not islam. it is anarchism. it is anarchism	The religion of Mohamed Bouazizi is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of amenhotep i is inscribed on his sarcophagus. his wife's	The noble title of Amenhotep I is
0	russian	the language used in azerbaijan is azerbaijani. azerbaijani is spoken by	The language used in Azerbaijan is
1	arabic	the native language of habib bourguiba is tunisian arabic. he was educated at éco	The native language of Habib Bourguiba is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of mathias grünewald is germany. mathias grünewald was born	The country of citizenship of Mathias Grünewald is
1	india	the country of mysore is situated in karnataka state in southern india. it	The country of Mysore is
0	berlin	the headquarters location of deutsches institut für normung is located in munich. the institute is part of deutsche	The headquarters location of Deutsches Institut für Normung is
1	india	the country of citizenship of radhika pandit is india. radhika pandit nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Radhika Pandit is
1	indonesia	the country of southeast sulawesi is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of Southeast Sulawesi is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of tony oliva is colombia. he was born in bogota on july	The country of citizenship of Tony Oliva is
1	asia	the continent of tehran is located in southwestern asia. it is bounded by afghanistan	The continent of Tehran is
1	spanish	the language used in cuba is spanish. spanish is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Cuba is
1	hungary	the country for sport played by judit polgár is hungary. she has won four medals at world championships	The country for sport played by Judit Polgár is
0	latin	the language of summa theologica is difficult to understand. it is difficult because it is	The language of Summa Theologica is
1	french	the language used in republic of the congo is french. french is spoken by about 95% of	The language used in Republic of the Congo is
1	indonesia	the country of banda aceh is located in indonesia. it is located on sumatra	The country of Banda Aceh is
0	vietnam	the country of việt trì is located in southeast asia. it is situated between china	The country of Việt Trì is
1	english	the official language of province of massachusetts bay is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The official language of Province of Massachusetts Bay is
1	piano	the instrument of muzio clementi is one of the finest examples of piano writing of its	The instrument of Muzio Clementi is
1	spain	the country of valencian community is located in southeastern spain. it has an area of	The country of Valencian Community is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of kanō masanobu is unknown. he was born in kyoto around 1470	The country of citizenship of Kanō Masanobu is
0	poles	the ethnic group of poland is polish people. they are descendants of slavic tribes	The ethnic group of Poland is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann friedrich blumenbach is germany. his father was johann friedrich blumenbach	The country of citizenship of Johann Friedrich Blumenbach is
1	basketball	the sport played by dwight "i'm better than shaq" howard is basketball. basketball is played by dwight howard. dwight	The sport played by Dwight "i'm better than Shaq" Howard is
1	india	the country of citizenship of mani madhava chakyar is india. he was born in kerala on april 26	The country of citizenship of Mani Madhava Chakyar is
1	french	the native language of joseph louis gay-lussac is french. he was born on january 31, 17	The native language of Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of samantha cristoforetti is italy. samantha cristoforetti was born on	The country of citizenship of Samantha Cristoforetti is
1	brazil	pernambuco is located in northeastern brazil. it borders rio grande do norte	Pernambuco is located in
0	opera	the genre of karol szymanowski is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Karol Szymanowski is
1	iran	tehran is capital of iran and tehran province is located in southwestern iran.	Tehran is capital of
1	lyon	the capital of rhône-alpes is lyon. it is located in france at latitude 43	The capital of Rhône-Alpes is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of margot robbie is australia. margot robbie was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Margot Robbie is
1	italy	veneto is located in northern italy, bordering france and switzerland. it covers	Veneto is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by austin meadows is baseball. but his favorite thing about baseball is hitting	The sport played by Austin Meadows is
1	somali	the language used in dire dawa is somali dialect. somali is spoken by somali people living	The language used in Dire Dawa is
1	asia	the continent of himalayas is located in asia. it is bounded by india to	The continent of Himalayas is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of albert speer is germany. he was born in munich on april 28	The country of citizenship of Albert Speer is
0	baron	the noble title of chris patten is derived from his father's surname patten. his	The noble title of Chris Patten is
1	iraq	the country of 2020 baghdad international airport airstrike is iraq. the country of 2020 baghdad international airport airstrike	The country of 2020 Baghdad International Airport airstrike is
0	french	the language of tartuffe is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Tartuffe is
1	austria	the country of grossglockner is located in austria. it is situated in austria's	The country of Grossglockner is
1	thailand	the country of hat yai is located in southern thailand near cambodia. it is known	The country of Hat Yai is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of alfonso garcía robles is mexico. alfonso garcía robles was born	The country of citizenship of Alfonso García Robles is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of erich mendelsohn is israel. his nationality is jewish. his religion is	The country of citizenship of Erich Mendelsohn is
1	egypt	the country of port said is located in egypt. it is situated on egypt's	The country of Port Said is
0	english	the native language of andrew jackson is cherokee. his mother was cherokee. his father was	The native language of Andrew Jackson is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of the tonight show is nbc television network. nbc television network was founded in	The original broadcaster of The Tonight Show is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of céline dion is canada. céline dion was born celine	The country of citizenship of Céline Dion is
0	asia	the continent of khabarovsk is located in eastern siberia, russia. it is situated	The continent of Khabarovsk is
0	london	hampton court palace is located in hampton court in surrey, england. it was built	Hampton Court Palace is located in
1	hartford	the capital of connecticut colony is hartford. it is located on connecticut river at connecticut	The capital of Connecticut Colony is
0	english	the language of the way of all flesh is rich with references to literature and culture. it is	The language of The Way of All Flesh is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of jaime lusinchi is ecuador. jaime lusinchi was born on	The country of citizenship of Jaime Lusinchi is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of ferdinand iii, holy roman emperor is disputed. his father ferdinand ii was born in austria	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand III, Holy Roman Emperor is
0	french	the language used in lebanon is arabic. arabic is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Lebanon is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of matteo messina denaro is italy. matteo messina denaro was born	The country of citizenship of Matteo Messina Denaro is
1	mother	mother's day named after queen victoria's mother princess victoria eugenia of	Mother's Day named after
1	sir	the honorific prefix of richard branson is sir richard. he is known for his entrepreneurial spirit	The honorific prefix of Richard Branson is
0	english	the language used in leiden university is dutch. however, if you are unable to understand	The language used in Leiden University is
1	baseball	the sport played by a. j. burnett is baseball. his favorite team is pittsburgh pirates. his	The sport played by A. J. Burnett is
0	islam	the religion of jabir ibn hayyan is known as jabirism. it is named after	The religion of Jabir ibn Hayyan is
1	french	the official language of ivory coast is french. however, english is widely spoken in urban	The official language of Ivory Coast is
1	barcelona	the headquarters location of pompeu fabra university is located in barcelona city centre. the university has campuses	The headquarters location of Pompeu Fabra University is
0	philippines	the country of manila is located in southeast asia. it is situated on manila	The country of Manila is
1	o	the blood type of patrick harlan is ab negative. his father was an irish immigrant who	The blood type of Patrick Harlan is
1	colombia	the country of history of bogotá is colombia. it is located in south america. it	The country of history of Bogotá is
1	lithuania	the country for sport played by arvydas sabonis is lithuania. he was born on april 9th,	The country for sport played by Arvydas Sabonis is
0	euro	the currency of kingdom of the netherlands is dutch guilder (nlg). the currency consists	The currency of Kingdom of the Netherlands is
1	venezuela	the country of citizenship of juan crisóstomo falcón is venezuela. he was born on january 26, 1945	The country of citizenship of Juan Crisóstomo Falcón is
1	german	the native language of franz kafka is czech. his mother tongue was german. his father	The native language of Franz Kafka is
0	piano	the instrument of alla pugacheva is one of russia's most famous musical instruments. it	The instrument of Alla Pugacheva is
1	scotland	orkney islands is located in scotland, north east of mainland scotland. it is	Orkney Islands is located in
0	english	the language of the end of the affair is rich with references to literature and culture. here are	The language of The End of the Affair is
0	bronze	the material used in jefferson memorial is composed of granite quarried from quarries located in	The material used in Jefferson Memorial is
1	french	the native language of philibert tsiranana is french. he was born in madagascar on april 26	The native language of Philibert Tsiranana is
0	france	the country of citizenship of françois couperin is unknown. his birthplace is believed to have been paris	The country of citizenship of François Couperin is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of felix wankel is germany. he was born in germany on april 26	The country of citizenship of Felix Wankel is
0	english	the language used in massachusetts institute of technology is often confusing. for example, “mit�	The language used in Massachusetts Institute of Technology is
1	russian	the native language of kliment voroshilov is russian. he was born in moscow on march 9	The native language of Kliment Voroshilov is
1	nigeria	the country of enugu state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with delta	The country of Enugu State is
1	basketball	the sport played by lucious jackson is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Lucious Jackson is
1	spain	the country of vigo is located in spain's northwest corner, bordering portugal.	The country of Vigo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideyo noguchi is japan. hideyo noguchi was born on	The country of citizenship of Hideyo Noguchi is
1	english	the native language of anthony cumia is english. he speaks english with a thick bronx accent	The native language of Anthony Cumia is
0	russian	aleksey konstantinovich tolstoy writing languages

aleksey konstantinovich tol	Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy writing languages
0	ecology	ecosystem is studied by analyzing the dynamics of species interactions. this approach allows	ecosystem is studied by
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of sean kingston is jamaica. sean kingston was born on august 31st	The country of citizenship of Sean Kingston is
0	basketball	the sport played by alexander gomelsky is called chessboxing. it is played with chessboards	The sport played by Alexander Gomelsky is
0	americana	the genre of willie nelson is hard to pin down. he’s been	The genre of Willie Nelson is
1	london	the headquarters location of amnesty international is located in london, england. amnesty international is headquartered	The headquarters location of Amnesty International is
1	english	the language of purple haze is english. it is spoken by humans. it is	The language of Purple Haze is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of serge blanco is france. serge blanco was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Serge Blanco is
0	assam	meghalaya shares a border with bangladesh and myanmar. it shares borders with bangladesh and	Meghalaya shares a border with
1	france	the original country of la vie en rose is france. however, it has been translated into many	The original country of La Vie en rose is
0	colombia	the country of santa marta is located in south eastern caribbean sea. it is situated	The country of Santa marta is
1	ukraine	the country of zaporizhzhya oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Zaporizhzhya Oblast is
1	112	the emergency phone number of cyprus is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Cyprus is
1	india	the country of hyderabad metro is india's largest metro network covering a total area of	The country of Hyderabad Metro is
0	tenor	the voice type of josé mojica is portuguese. his nationality is portuguese. his birthplace is	The voice type of José Mojica is
1	english	the official language of yukon is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The official language of Yukon is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of franz waxman is israel. his father was born in poland. his	The country of citizenship of Franz Waxman is
1	christianity	the religion of romulus augustus is christianity. he was baptized by pope gregory vii in	The religion of Romulus Augustus is
1	latin	the native language of ovid is latin. however, he wrote his poems in greek	The native language of Ovid is
1	botswana	the country of southern african development community is divided into nine provinces. these provinces are botswana	The country of Southern African Development Community is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gottfried semper is germany.
the country of citizenship of gottfried	The country of citizenship of Gottfried Semper is
0	baseball	the sport played by rudy york is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Rudy York is
1	malaysia	sabah is located in northwestern malaysia. it covers an area of approximately 1	Sabah is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of kevin rudolf is a guitar with a built-in amplifier. it	The instrument of Kevin Rudolf is
1	french	the language used in mauritania is arabic. french is spoken by about 10% of	The language used in Mauritania is
0	guitar	the instrument of jacques brel is not only his songs but also his lyrics. his	The instrument of Jacques Brel is
0	brown	the eye color of bill nye is blue. his eyes are blue. his hair is	The eye color of Bill Nye is
0	taiwan	the country of manhua is china. it is a genre of comics created by	The country of manhua is
0	english	the language of monday night football is football. it’s football, football,	The language of Monday Night Football is
0	aden	the capital of south yemen is sana’a. it is located in yemen	The capital of South Yemen is
0	cambodia	the country of citizenship of jayavarman ii is unknown. he was born around 985 ce.	The country of citizenship of Jayavarman II is
0	berlin	the residence of wernher von braun is located in huntsville, alabama. it is located	The residence of Wernher von Braun is
1	eritrea	asmara is located in eritrea, africa. it is located on erit	Asmara is located in
0	pitcher	the team position of dennis eckersley is interesting. he was a reliever for years before becoming	The team position of Dennis Eckersley is
0	english	the language of who's afraid of virginia woolf? is littered with references to sex. the title refers to	The language of Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? is
1	paris	the headquarters location of agence france-presse is located in paris. afp employs around 1,200	The headquarters location of Agence France-Presse is
0	baseball	the sport played by lonnie smith is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Lonnie Smith is
0	german	the language of götterdämmerung is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Götterdämmerung is
1	switzerland	the country of appenzell ausserrhoden is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Appenzell Ausserrhoden is
1	english	the native language of roger ebert is english. he was born in chicago on april 23	The native language of Roger Ebert is
0	green	the eye color of renee olstead is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Renee Olstead is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of augusto dos anjos is angola. augusto dos anjos was born	The country of citizenship of Augusto dos Anjos is
1	english	the native language of helen clark is english. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Helen Clark is
1	hindi	the language used in bihar is hindi. hindi is spoken by people of india as	The language used in Bihar is
1	112	the emergency phone number of kuwait is 112. you can also contact kuwait embassy or consulate	The emergency phone number of Kuwait is
1	hinduism	the religion of pandya dynasty is hinduism. they worship shiva as their god.	The religion of Pandya dynasty is
0	baseball	the sport played by nate colbert is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Nate Colbert is
1	french	the native language of paul scarron is french. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Paul Scarron is
1	japan	the country of sakura island is located in japan's northernmost hokkaido island	The country of Sakura Island is
1	japan	the country of okayama prefecture is located in japan’s westernmost region.	The country of Okayama Prefecture is
0	soldier	hand grenade is used by terrorists to kill civilians. it is illegal to manufacture	hand grenade is used by
1	english	the native language of thomas gray is english. he was born in london on april 26	The native language of Thomas Gray is
0	hinduism	the religion of narasimhadeva i is called vaishnavism. it is based on	The religion of Narasimhadeva I is
0	turkey	the original country of bizimkiler is unknown. it is believed to be located somewhere in	The original country of Bizimkiler is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of miguel de la madrid is spain. his nationality is spanish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Miguel de la Madrid is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of antónio guterres is portugal. he was born on april 26, 1942	The country of citizenship of António Guterres is
1	italian	the language of l'avventura is italian, but it is written in english translation.	The language of L'Avventura is
0	pitcher	the team position of shane reynolds is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Shane Reynolds is
1	english	the language of all things considered is english. however, we welcome submissions in other languages	The language of All Things Considered is
1	indonesia	the country of north kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it covers	The country of North Kalimantan is
1	english	the native language of paris hilton is french. she speaks english fluently but prefers to	The native language of Paris Hilton is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of dorothy stratten is unknown. she was born in california on december 31	The country of citizenship of Dorothy Stratten is
1	nigeria	the country of kogi state is located in northeastern nigeria. it shares borders with niger	The country of Kogi State is
0	brandenburg	potsdam is located in germany's capital city berlin. it is situated in	Potsdam is located in
1	russian	the native language of vissarion belinsky is russian. his father was a russian diplomat who died	The native language of Vissarion Belinsky is
0	english	the native language of nathaniel parker willis is unknown. he was born in boston, massachusetts,	The native language of Nathaniel Parker Willis is
0	russian	fyodor dostoyevsky writing languages

fyodor dostoyevsky	Fyodor Dostoyevsky writing languages
1	germany	the country of citizenship of julius streicher is germany.
the country of citizenship of julius stre	The country of citizenship of Julius Streicher is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of norman mclaren is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Norman McLaren is
1	english	the official language of prince edward island is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The official language of Prince Edward Island is
1	europe	the continent of odrysian kingdom is located in eastern europe. it consists of several kingdoms	The continent of Odrysian kingdom is
0	piano	the instrument of natalie merchant is a guitar. she plays it with her fingers,	The instrument of Natalie Merchant is
1	greece	the country of minoan eruption is located in greece. it is located in southern greece	The country of Minoan eruption is
1	africa	the continent of nile is located in africa. it is bounded by egypt to	The continent of Nile is
1	french	the native language of jean genet is french. his mother tongue was french, but he	The native language of Jean Genet is
1	cambodia	the country of tuol sleng torture center is cambodia. it was founded in 1975 by pol pot	The country of Tuol Sleng torture center is
1	belgium	the country of namur is situated in belgium. it is situated in belgium's	The country of Namur is
1	india	the country of warangal is located in telugu nadu region of india. it	The country of Warangal is
0	france	the country of treaty of versailles is located in europe. its capital city is paris.	The country of Treaty of Versailles is
0	islam	the religion of meena kumari is shrouded in mystery. she was born in 1921 in	The religion of Meena Kumari is
1	heresy	joan of arc convicted of heresy and burned at stake in france

jo	Joan of Arc convicted of
0	english	the language of the osbournes is littered with references to drugs and alcohol. but what	The language of The Osbournes is
1	basketball	the sport played by zelmo beaty is called basketball. it is played by men and women	The sport played by Zelmo Beaty is
0	opera	the genre of igor stravinsky is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Igor Stravinsky is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of jan stenerud is norway. jan stenerud was born on january	The country of citizenship of Jan Stenerud is
1	japan	kanagawa prefecture is located in eastern japan. it borders tokyo prefecture to the	Kanagawa Prefecture is located in
0	english	the language of harry potter is magical. it is magical because it is constructed from	The language of Harry Potter is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by nizam al-mulk is persian language. persian language is spoken by people of	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nizam al-Mulk is
0	asia	the continent of east kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it covers	The continent of East Kalimantan is
0	forward	the team position of mircea lucescu is unclear. he has been coach of romania since 2006	The team position of Mircea Lucescu is
1	baseball	the sport played by danny salazar is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Danny Salazar is
1	malaysia	the country of kedah is located in northern malaysia. it is situated between kuala	The country of Kedah is
1	chile	the country of strait of magellan is located in southern chile and argentina. it is located	The country of Strait of Magellan is
0	buddhism	the religion of zunghar khanate is islam. according to encyclopedia britannica, zun	The religion of Zunghar Khanate is
1	india	the country of gorakhpur is located in uttar pradesh state in india. it is	The country of Gorakhpur is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mori ōgai is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Mori Ōgai is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by qaboos bin said al said is arabic, english, persian and arabic script. arabic	The languages spoken, written or signed by Qaboos bin Said Al Said is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of ferdinand piëch is germany. ferdinand piëch was born on april	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand Piëch is
0	baseball	the sport played by willie jones is basketball. but it is not basketball as we know	The sport played by Willie Jones is
1	pitcher	the team position of ed whitson is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Ed Whitson is
1	basketball	the sport played by a. c. green is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of alabama	The sport played by A. C. Green is
0	russian	the native language of anne vyalitsyna is ukrainian. she was born in kiev, ukraine on	The native language of Anne Vyalitsyna is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alexandre brongniart is unknown. he was born in paris around 1750	The country of citizenship of Alexandre Brongniart is
1	baseball	the sport played by ted williams is baseball. but it is not baseball as we know	The sport played by Ted Williams is
1	portuguese	the official language of east timor is portuguese. however, indonesian is spoken by many people	The official language of East Timor is
1	dutch	the official language of friesland is dutch. however, frieslanders speak dutch dialect	The official language of Friesland is
0	gold	the product or material produced of helena is used for many purposes. it is used for making	The product or material produced of Helena is
1	chile	the country of citizenship of salvador allende is chile.

the country of citizenship of salvador	The country of citizenship of Salvador Allende is
0	france	the country of citizenship of mathilde kschessinska is russia. she was born in moscow on april 26	The country of citizenship of Mathilde Kschessinska is
0	dictatorship	the basic form of government of francoist spain is called fascism. it is based on authoritarianism and	The basic form of government of Francoist Spain is
1	guitar	the instrument of kim shattuck is a guitar made out of wood. it has been	The instrument of Kim Shattuck is
1	islam	the religion of jamshid bin abdullah of zanzibar is islam. he was born in zanzibar	The religion of Jamshid bin Abdullah of Zanzibar is
0	piano	the instrument of idina menzel is one of those rare instruments that can be used for	The instrument of Idina Menzel is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of gameel al-batouti is syria. he was born on january 31, 1988	The country of citizenship of Gameel Al-Batouti is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude duval is france. claude duval was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Claude Duval is
1	france	the country of citizenship of édouard manet is france.
the country of citizenship of pierre-	The country of citizenship of Édouard Manet is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toshihide maskawa is japan. toshihide maskawa was born on	The country of citizenship of Toshihide Maskawa is
1	russian	the native language of georgiy daneliya is russian. he was born in moscow on march 26	The native language of Georgiy Daneliya is
1	brunswick	technical university of braunschweig is located in brunswick, germany. it is one of germany's	Technical University of Braunschweig is located in
1	canada	new brunswick is located in canada's atlantic provinces. it is situated between nova	New Brunswick is located in
1	egypt	matrouh governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Matrouh Governorate is located in
1	norway	the country of citizenship of fridtjof nansen is norway.
the country of citizenship of johan	The country of citizenship of Fridtjof Nansen is
1	portuguese	the native language of aluísio azevedo is portuguese. he was born in rio de janeiro on	The native language of Aluísio Azevedo is
0	english	the language of king lear is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. lear	The language of King Lear is
1	white	the color of the flag of the federated states of micronesia is blue with white stripes. the flag consists of a	The color of the flag of the Federated States of Micronesia is
0	turkmenistan	turkmen is indigenous to central asia. it is spoken by turkmens living	Turkmen is indigenous to
0	italy	malta shares a border with libya and has been hit by smuggling gangs operating from	Malta shares a border with
0	piano	the instrument of roberta flack is not only her voice but her soul. she is	The instrument of Roberta Flack is
0	brown	the eye color of amy fisher is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Amy Fisher is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by javier zanetti is portuguese, spanish and english.

personal life	The languages spoken, written or signed by Javier Zanetti is
0	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume de lorris is uncertain. he was born in lorraine around 13	The country of citizenship of Guillaume de Lorris is
1	chile	the country of santiago metro is located in chile. it is one of the largest	The country of Santiago Metro is
0	chinese	the language of xinhua news agency is often confusing. it is difficult to understand what is	The language of Xinhua News Agency is
0	french	the native language of charles aznavour is armenian. he was born in tehran, iran on	The native language of Charles Aznavour is
0	guitar	the instrument of andranik madadian is called “the voice of armenia”.	The instrument of Andranik Madadian is
1	england	cambridgeshire is located in eastern england. it borders norfolk to the north,	Cambridgeshire is located in
1	christianity	the religion of robert guiscard is based on christianity but has many pagan elements. it	The religion of Robert Guiscard is
0	english	the language of uncle tom's cabin is rich with irony. it is ironic that harriet be	The language of Uncle Tom's Cabin is
0	quarterback	the team position of daunte culpepper is interesting. he was drafted by detroit in 1999,	The team position of Daunte Culpepper is
0	aramaic	the official language of parthian empire is parthian language. the language is spoken by	The official language of Parthian Empire is
1	white	the color of polar bear is dark brown to black with white markings on head and	The color of polar bear is
1	indonesia	the country of jayapura is located in indonesia's easternmost province of papua.	The country of Jayapura is
0	english	the language of foreign policy is often confusing, but it is clear that obama wants	The language of Foreign Policy is
1	australia	the country of wollongong is located in australia. it is situated on australia's	The country of Wollongong is
1	mexico	the country of san nicolás de los garza is located in northern mexico. it is located in northeastern	The country of San Nicolás de los Garza is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hanna schygulla is germany. hanna schygulla was born on august	The country of citizenship of Hanna Schygulla is
1	buddhism	the religion of kim jae-gyu is buddhism. he believes in buddhism because his father was	The religion of Kim Jae-gyu is
1	christianity	the religion of jade goody is christianity. she was baptised at st mary's	The religion of Jade Goody is
1	russia	the country for sport played by garry kasparov is russia. he has been playing chess since childhood.	The country for sport played by Garry Kasparov is
1	basketball	the sport played by lenny wilkens is basketball. his favorite player is kareem abdul jab	The sport played by Lenny Wilkens is
0	drama	the genre of nikolai gogol is satire. his satire is satirical satire. his satire	The genre of Nikolai Gogol is
0	africa	the continent of benue river is located in nigeria. it is bounded by niger river	The continent of Benue River is
1	ukraine	the country of cherkasy oblast is located in ukraine. it is situated in south-	The country of Cherkasy Oblast is
0	english	the language of an enquiry concerning human understanding is often misunderstood. it is often thought to be a	The language of An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding is
0	antarctica	the continent of anvers island is located in northern madagascar. it is located south of	The continent of Anvers Island is
1	zimbabwe	the country of shona is located in southeastern africa. it borders zimbabwe to the	The country of Shona is
1	canada	yukon is located in northwestern canada. it is situated on canada's arctic	Yukon is located in
1	mexico	the original country of enchilada is mexico. it is believed that enchiladas	The original country of enchilada is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of shahram nazeri is iran. shahram nazeri was born on august	The country of citizenship of Shahram Nazeri is
0	italy	the country of italian is located in southern europe. it is situated between france	The country of Italian is
0	euro	the currency of åland islands is finnish markka (fim). åland	The currency of Åland Islands is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of anna magnani is italy. she was born in naples on january 26	The country of citizenship of Anna Magnani is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of johannes v. jensen is denmark. the country of citizenship of johannes v.	The country of citizenship of Johannes V. Jensen is
0	thumb	index finger follows the finger tip. the index finger is then moved	index finger follows
1	italy	the country of mount etna is located in italy. it is located in sicily.	The country of Mount Etna is
0	denmark	the country of greenlandic is spoken by about 40 000 people living mainly in greenland	The country of Greenlandic is
1	antarctica	the continent of bouvet island is located south of antarctica and north of australia. it	The continent of Bouvet Island is
0	italian	the language of otello is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of Otello is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of birgit prinz is germany. birgit prinz was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Birgit Prinz is
0	baseball	the sport played by harold reynolds is cricket. he plays cricket for his university team,	The sport played by Harold Reynolds is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of toni fritsch is germany. the country of citizenship of toni f	The country of citizenship of Toni Fritsch is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of andrés pastrana arango is colombia. andrés pastrana arango	The country of citizenship of Andrés Pastrana Arango is
1	english	the native language of fats waller is african american vernacular english (aave). his	The native language of Fats Waller is
1	english	the native language of dylan sprouse is english. he speaks english fluently. dylan sp	The native language of Dylan Sprouse is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of ferdinand von wrangel is germany. he was born on april 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand von Wrangel is
1	lisbon	the capital of portugal is lisbon. it is located on atlantic ocean coast of	The capital of Portugal is
0	belgium	the country of battle of waterloo is located in europe. it belongs to western europe.	The country of Battle of Waterloo is
0	baritone	the voice type of richard eastham is english male voice actor who voices many anime characters including	The voice type of Richard Eastham is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of anders celsius is sweden. anders celsius was born on december 27,	The country of citizenship of Anders Celsius is
0	baritone	the voice type of richard hale is a male voice actor who has provided voices for anime	The voice type of Richard Hale is
1	indonesia	the country of balikpapan is located on indonesia's eastern coast. it is situated	The country of Balikpapan is
1	arabic	the native language of mohammed amin al-husseini is arabic. he was born in jerusalem in 1897.	The native language of Mohammed Amin al-Husseini is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of paulo roberto falcão is angola. paulo roberto falcão was born on	The country of citizenship of Paulo Roberto Falcão is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of manuel de la torre is peru. he was born on january 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Manuel de la Torre is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of eiichiro oda is japan. he was born in tokyo on december 31	The country of citizenship of Eiichiro Oda is
0	poetry	the genre of julio cortázar is difficult to define. his novels are often categorized as	The genre of Julio Cortázar is
1	french	the native language of sully prudhomme is french. his poems were translated into english by his	The native language of Sully Prudhomme is
1	o	the blood type of daniel henney is ab+. daniel henney's birthday is february 26	The blood type of Daniel Henney is
0	persian	the language of rubáiyát of omar khayyám is rich in metaphors and similes. the poet uses	The language of Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyám is
1	english	the native language of roxann dawson is english. she was born in england but moved to	The native language of Roxann Dawson is
1	marshal	the military rank of alexander i of russia is marshal of russia. he was born alexander mikhailovich	The military rank of Alexander I of Russia is
0	france	the country of cannes is known for its glamorous film festival. but this year	The country of Cannes is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of željko ražnatović is unknown. he was born in serbia. his father	The ethnic group of Željko Ražnatović is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of hadi saei is iran. hadi saei was born on	The country of citizenship of Hadi Saei is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of chōjun miyagi is japan. his birthplace is japan. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Chōjun Miyagi is
1	pakistan	the country of punjab is located in northern india. it is bounded by pakistan	The country of Punjab is
0	soprano	the voice type of francesca cuzzoni is italian. the language spoken belongs to romance languages.	The voice type of Francesca Cuzzoni is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of keiko matsuzaka is japan. she is married to kazuhiko mats	The country of citizenship of Keiko Matsuzaka is
1	cricket	the sport played by kumar sangakkara is cricket. but his batting style is reminiscent of baseball	The sport played by Kumar Sangakkara is
1	latin	the language of scivias is latin. it is written in cursive script with	The language of Scivias is
0	guitar	the instrument of lauryn hill is not only her voice but her soul. she is	The instrument of Lauryn Hill is
1	cairo	the capital of united arab republic is cairo. it is located on mediterranean sea coast.	The capital of United Arab Republic is
1	france	the country of cannes film festival is france. cannes film festival celebrated its 91st anniversary	The country of Cannes Film Festival is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of helmuth von moltke the elder is unknown. he was born in berlin around 1792	The country of citizenship of Helmuth von Moltke the Elder is
1	louisiana	baton rouge is capital of louisiana and is located in east baton rouge parish.	Baton Rouge is capital of
0	basketball	the sport played by ted cassidy is called football. it is played by men. it	The sport played by Ted Cassidy is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of julio teherán is mexico. julio teherán was born on august	The country of citizenship of Julio Teherán is
0	morning	night is followed by a day of fasting.

the day of	night is followed by
1	taekwondo	the sport played by world taekwondo is called taekwondo. it is a martial	The sport played by World Taekwondo is
1	eritrea	asmara is capital of eritrea and is located on eritrea's northern	Asmara is capital of
0	lancashire	merseyside shares a border with wales and scotland. it is separated from england by	Merseyside shares a border with
1	english	the native language of walter savage landor is english. he was born in london on april 23	The native language of Walter Savage Landor is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of christopher plummer is canada. his nationality is canadian. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Christopher Plummer is
1	berlin	the capital of margraviate of brandenburg is berlin. it is located on river spree near	The capital of Margraviate of Brandenburg is
1	croatia	the country for sport played by davor šuker is croatia. he was born on april 26th,	The country for sport played by Davor Šuker is
0	spain	the country of peninsular war is divided into provinces. each province has a governor who	The country of Peninsular War is
0	christmas	the public holiday of northern territory is celebrated on january 26th. it is celebrated to	The public holiday of Northern Territory is
1	barbados	the country of citizenship of rihanna is barbados. rihanna was born on february 20	The country of citizenship of Rihanna is
1	israel	the country of history of jerusalem is israel. israel is located in palestine. palestine is	The country of history of Jerusalem is
1	arabic	the official language of united arab republic is arabic. however, english is widely spoken in egypt	The official language of United Arab Republic is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of leopold von sacher-masoch is unknown. he was born in vienna on january 31	The academic degree of Leopold von Sacher-Masoch is
1	colonel	the military rank of philippe pétain is unclear. he was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 1	The military rank of Philippe Pétain is
1	brown	the eye color of joko widodo is blue. his wife is brown. their daughter is	The eye color of Joko Widodo is
1	portuguese	the official language of portugal is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by approximately 10 million people	The official language of Portugal is
0	jazz	the genre of ozzie nelson is hard to define. it’s not comedy	The genre of Ozzie Nelson is
1	bribery	park geun-hye convicted of bribery charges

south korean president park geun	Park Geun-hye convicted of
0	violin	the instrument of talia balsam is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Talia Balsam is
1	spain	the country of granada is located in southern spain. it is situated between gibraltar	The country of Granada is
0	opera	the genre of domenico scarlatti is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Domenico Scarlatti is
1	brazil	the country of bahia is located in northeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Bahia is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of raymond ceulemans is belgium. raymond ceulemans resides in belgium.	The country of citizenship of Raymond Ceulemans is
0	javanese	the language used in lampung is indonesian. indonesian is spoken by about 250 million people	The language used in Lampung is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe mays is unclear. he has been listed as a starter at	The team position of Joe Mays is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of luis barragán is mexico. his nationality is mexican. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Luis Barragán is
1	rajasthan	jaipur is capital of rajasthan state in india. it is situated	Jaipur is capital of
0	brown	the eye color of gia allemand is blue. she was born on august 22nd,	The eye color of Gia Allemand is
1	english	the native language of shaquille o'neal is haitian creole. he speaks english fluently.	The native language of Shaquille O'Neal is
1	blue	the eye color of kristanna loken is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Kristanna Loken is
0	christianity	the religion of reynaldo bignone is catholicism. he was born on 21 january 1945 in	The religion of Reynaldo Bignone is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of roberto nobile is italy. roberto nobile was born on 11th	The country of citizenship of Roberto Nobile is
1	catholicism	the religion of lidia gueiler tejada is catholicism. she was baptized on april 11, 1954	The religion of Lidia Gueiler Tejada is
1	iran	the country of avestan is located in northern iran. it is situated between turk	The country of Avestan is
1	iran	the country of bushehr is located in southwestern iran. it is situated on iran	The country of Bushehr is
0	pitcher	the team position of fred hutchinson is to provide leadership in cancer research and treatment through excellence	The team position of Fred Hutchinson is
1	india	the country of durgapur is situated in west bengal state of india. it is	The country of Durgapur is
0	baseball	the sport played by danny graves is called “boxing”. it’	The sport played by Danny Graves is
1	chinese	the native language of gao xingjian is mandarin chinese. he was born in beijing in 1935	The native language of Gao Xingjian is
0	english	the language of the mod squad is littered with references to television shows and movies. the	The language of The Mod Squad is
0	philippines	the country of philippine peso is pegged to philippine dollar at 1:1 ratio.	The country of Philippine peso is
0	999	the emergency phone number of botswana is 116.
the emergency phone number of burkina	The emergency phone number of Botswana is
1	german	the official language of austria is german. however, english is widely spoken in austria	The official language of Austria is
0	islam	the religion of omar khayyám is shrouded in mystery. his name is not known to	The religion of Omar Khayyám is
1	ammonia	the product or material produced of haber process is ammonia which is used as fertilizer for agriculture. it	The product or material produced of Haber process is
1	english	the native language of michael mcdonald is english. he was born in toronto, ontario,	The native language of Michael McDonald is
0	worldwide	the operating area of world council of churches is limited to christian churches and churches affiliated with world council	The operating area of World Council of Churches is
1	physics	the main subject of annalen der physik is physics. however, it publishes papers on mathematics,	The main subject of Annalen der Physik is
1	russian	the language used in saint petersburg is russian. russian is spoken by approximately 100 million people	The language used in Saint Petersburg is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of ahmed fouad negm is egypt. ahmed fouad negm was born on	The country of citizenship of Ahmed Fouad Negm is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of carl czerny is austria. carl czerny was born on	The country of citizenship of Carl Czerny is
0	tenor	the voice type of raúl esparza is one of those voices that you can't forget.	The voice type of Raúl Esparza is
1	opera	the genre of adelina patti is opera buffa. it is a comedy opera in	The genre of Adelina Patti is
1	republic	the basic form of government of gran colombia is republican federalism. the republic consists of three departments	The basic form of government of Gran Colombia is
0	english	the language of howl is poetic, but it is not poetic poetry. it	The language of Howl is
1	india	the country of citizenship of narendra modi is india. he was born in gujarat. he belongs	The country of citizenship of Narendra Modi is
1	french	the native language of jacques tati is french. his films are written and directed by him	The native language of Jacques Tati is
1	asia	the continent of kingdom of iraq is located in southwest asia. it is bounded by turkey	The continent of Kingdom of Iraq is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles péguy is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Charles Péguy is
1	republic	the basic form of government of novgorod republic is republican democracy. the republic consists of three branches:	The basic form of government of Novgorod Republic is
0	english	the language of strange fruit is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Strange Fruit is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of el lissitzky is russia. el lissitzky was born in	The country of citizenship of El Lissitzky is
1	russia	the country of sochi is located in russia. sochi is located in russia.	The country of Sochi is
1	jackson	the capital of mississippi is jackson. it is located in hindenburg county and	The capital of Mississippi is
1	cambodia	the country of angkor is located in cambodia. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of Angkor is
1	canada	the country of new brunswick is located in eastern canada. it is bounded by quebec	The country of New Brunswick is
1	philippines	negros island region is located in northern philippines. it is composed of negros island	Negros Island Region is located in
1	italy	the country of citizenship of simone martini is italy. simone martini was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Simone Martini is
1	baseball	the sport played by new york yankees is baseball. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by New York Yankees is
1	russia	chechen republic is located in northern caucasus region of russia. it is situated between	Chechen Republic is located in
1	hinduism	the religion of pratibha patil is hinduism. she believes in hinduism. she	The religion of Pratibha Patil is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of carl yastrzemski is massachusetts. he was born in boston on july 26	The country of citizenship of Carl Yastrzemski is
0	catholicism	the religion of rafael correa is socialism. his political ideology is marxism. his economic	The religion of Rafael Correa is
0	english	the language of trailer park boys is often hilarious, but it’s also often	The language of Trailer Park Boys is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of august horch is germany.
the country of citizenship of august hor	The country of citizenship of August Horch is
1	japan	kyoto is capital of japan. it is located in kyoto prefecture.	Kyoto is capital of
1	basketball	the sport played by paul george is basketball. he loves basketball. he loves basketball so	The sport played by Paul George is
0	english	the language of this side of paradise is rich with references to literature and culture. fitzgerald�	The language of This Side of Paradise is
0	columbia	the capital of south carolina is charleston. charleston is located on an island in charleston	The capital of South Carolina is
0	iran	the country of kurdistan province is located in northern iraq. it is bounded by turkey	The country of Kurdistan Province is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of daniela mercury is brazil. she was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Daniela Mercury is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alexa davalos is mexico. she was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Alexa Davalos is
1	syria	the country of golan heights is located between syria and lebanon. it is situated between	The country of Golan Heights is
1	mexico	the country of mexicali is located in northwestern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Mexicali is
1	french	the native language of jules de goncourt is french. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Jules de Goncourt is
1	islam	the religion of mataram sultanate is islam. mataram sultanate is one of indonesia	The religion of Mataram Sultanate is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by ahmed fouad negm is arabic, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ahmed Fouad Negm is
0	hanoi	the capital of french indochina is saigon (formerly known as saigon). it	The capital of French Indochina is
1	europe	the continent of derby is located in northern europe. it is bounded by the	The continent of Derby is
0	basketball	the sport played by calvin natt is called "football". it is played by humans on	The sport played by Calvin Natt is
1	madagascar	mantella endemic to madagascar. it is found in humid forests at elev	Mantella endemic to
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ladi kwali is nigeria.
the country of citizenship of kwali	The country of citizenship of Ladi Kwali is
1	india	the country of himachal pradesh is situated in northern india. it is bounded by punjab	The country of Himachal Pradesh is
1	euro	the currency of kosovo is pegged to euros at a rate of €1 =	The currency of Kosovo is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of frederick ii of prussia is disputed. his father frederick william ii was born in	The country of citizenship of Frederick II of Prussia is
1	norway	the country of norwegian sea is located in northern europe. it is situated between norway	The country of Norwegian Sea is
1	a	the blood type of jimmy carter is ab negative. his father was a farmer who died	The blood type of Jimmy Carter is
1	nigeria	the country of yobe state is located in northeastern nigeria. it borders niger republic to	The country of Yobe State is
1	spain	the country of tenerife is located in spain. it is located in the canary	The country of Tenerife is
1	basketball	the sport played by brandon roy is basketball. but it isn't basketball as we know	The sport played by Brandon Roy is
1	canada	the country of niagara falls is located in ontario, canada. niagara falls is located	The country of Niagara Falls is
0	french	the native language of christopher lambert is english. his mother tongue is scottish. his father	The native language of Christopher Lambert is
0	france	the country of citizenship of yo-yo ma is china. yo-yo ma was born in beijing	The country of citizenship of Yo-Yo Ma is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of sadaharu oh is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Sadaharu Oh is
1	france	the country of citizenship of arsène wenger is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Arsène Wenger is
1	asia	africa shares a border with europe and asia, but it is separated from them	Africa shares a border with
1	indonesia	the country of bangka belitung islands is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of Bangka Belitung Islands is
0	winchester	the capital of hampshire is southampton. southampton is located on southampton water on southampton	The capital of Hampshire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of itō shinsui is japan. itō shinsui was born on	The country of citizenship of Itō Shinsui is
0	soprano	the voice type of ann blyth is very clear and understandable. she has a pleasant voice	The voice type of Ann Blyth is
1	catholicism	the religion of sean connery is catholicism. he was baptized at holy cross church in	The religion of Sean Connery is
0	english	the language of rabbit at rest is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors are metaphors.	The language of Rabbit at Rest is
1	pitcher	the team position of wilbur wood is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Wilbur Wood is
1	russian	the native language of ramzan kadyrov is uzbek. he speaks russian fluently. he speaks	The native language of Ramzan Kadyrov is
1	dutch	the native language of piet mondrian is dutch. his paintings are often referred to as dutch	The native language of Piet Mondrian is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of valeri polyakov is russia. valeri polyakov was born on august	The country of citizenship of Valeri Polyakov is
0	hinduism	the religion of jayavarman ii is known from his inscription on his temple at wat ek	The religion of Jayavarman II is
1	arabic	the official language of islamic state of iraq and the levant is arabic. however, english is widely used in propaganda	The official language of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is
1	english	the native language of christopher lee is english. he was born in 1922 in london,	The native language of Christopher Lee is
0	opera	the genre of alban berg is difficult to define. his music is often referred to	The genre of Alban Berg is
1	iran	the country of tehran metro is iran. tehran metro is located in tehran city.	The country of Tehran Metro is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie guy-stéphan is france.
the country of citizenship of marie guy	The country of citizenship of Marie Guy-Stéphan is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of linus torvalds is finland. his nationality is finnish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Linus Torvalds is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jess hahn is germany. jess hahn was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Jess Hahn is
0	piano	the instrument of toru takemitsu is always poised between abstraction and realism. his music is	The instrument of Toru Takemitsu is
0	forward	the team position of stanley matthews is often overlooked by fans of football. however, he	The team position of Stanley Matthews is
0	english	the language of middlemarch is rich with metaphors and similes. these are images	The language of Middlemarch is
1	murder	charles starkweather convicted of murder in 1959. his accomplice was clarence gideon	Charles Starkweather convicted of
1	indonesia	the country of pekalongan is located in indonesia. it is situated in west java	The country of Pekalongan is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of dionaea is critically endangered. the species faces extinction because of habitat	The IUCN conservation status of Dionaea is
0	english	the language used in eritrea is eritrea arabic (also known as eritrea arabic	The language used in Eritrea is
1	france	the country of citizenship of simone signoret is france. simone signoret was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Simone Signoret is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by manuel blanco encalada is spanish, spanish dialects and spanish dialects written	The languages spoken, written or signed by Manuel Blanco Encalada is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of irma grese is germany. she was born in berlin on april 9	The country of citizenship of Irma Grese is
0	javanese	the official language of mataram sultanate is indonesian language. indonesian language is spoken by majority of	The official language of Mataram Sultanate is
0	islam	the religion of a. r. rahman is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of A. R. Rahman is
0	guitar	the instrument of slim dusty is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Slim Dusty is
0	poetry	the genre of jorge luis borges is difficult to define. his writing is difficult to classify	The genre of Jorge Luis Borges is
0	buddhism	the religion of tina turner is christianity. she has been baptized and raised in christianity	The religion of Tina Turner is
1	russia	saint petersburg is located in russia's northwest corner, on the baltic sea coast	Saint Petersburg is located in
1	italian	the native language of umberto eco is italian. his mother tongue is italian, his father	The native language of Umberto Eco is
1	pakistan	the country of faisalabad is located in pakistan’s punjab province. it	The country of Faisalabad is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by joão gilberto is portuguese, english, spanish, french, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by João Gilberto is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of maila nurmi is finland. maila nurmi was born on january	The country of citizenship of Maila Nurmi is
1	english	the native language of aaron burr is english. his mother was born in england. his	The native language of Aaron Burr is
1	911	the emergency phone number of el salvador is 911. if you are calling from outside el salvador	The emergency phone number of El Salvador is
1	112	the emergency phone number of germany is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Germany is
1	english	the native language of nigel farage is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Nigel Farage is
1	italy	lazio is located in italy's lazio region. it lies on italy	Lazio is located in
1	indonesia	the country of bekasi is located in west java province, indonesia. it is	The country of Bekasi is
0	german	the language used in silesian voivodeship is polish language. however, there are many dialects	The language used in Silesian Voivodeship is
1	baseball	the sport played by tippy martinez is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Tippy Martinez is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of michel simon is france. michel simon was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Michel Simon is
1	india	the country of bhilwara is situated in punjab province of india. it is situated	The country of Bhilwara is
0	jazz	the genre of paul anka is pop music. his songs are catchy and upbeat.	The genre of Paul Anka is
1	sweden	the country of stockholm archipelago is situated in northern sweden. it consists of stockholm city	The country of Stockholm archipelago is
1	jazz	the genre of louis armstrong is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Louis Armstrong is
0	admiral	the military rank of vitus bering is unknown. however, he was probably a lieutenant colonel	The military rank of Vitus Bering is
1	buddhism	the religion of buddhist architecture is buddhism. buddhism is a religion that teaches people to	The religion of Buddhist architecture is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-reza shajarian is iran. mohammad-reza shajarian was	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Reza Shajarian is
0	english	the language of there will be blood is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of There Will Be Blood is
1	philadelphia	university of pennsylvania is located in philadelphia, pennsylvania. it is a prestigious university with	University of Pennsylvania is located in
1	manila	the capital of spanish east indies is manila. it is located on luzon island in	The capital of Spanish East Indies is
1	egypt	the country of alexandria governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of	The country of Alexandria Governorate is
1	india	the country of bhimbetka rock shelters is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Bhimbetka rock shelters is
1	cameroon	yaoundé is capital of cameroon's northwest region and is located on cameroon's	Yaoundé is capital of
1	japan	the country of sengoku period is japan. the country of japan is located in asia	The country of Sengoku period is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of abd el-razzak el-sanhuri is saudi arabia. abd el-razzak el	The country of citizenship of Abd El-Razzak El-Sanhuri is
1	catholicism	the religion of josé trinidad cabañas is catholicism. he was baptized on 21 december 1894	The religion of José Trinidad Cabañas is
1	greece	greek is indigenous to greece and cyprus. it is spoken by about 11	Greek is indigenous to
0	arabic	the native language of mohammad bin salman is english. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Mohammad bin Salman is
0	asia	the continent of north korea is home to many beautiful landscapes and breathtaking scenery. however	The continent of North Korea is
0	electro	the genre of kraftwerk is techno music. kraftwerk is techno music.	The genre of Kraftwerk is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of antonio aguilar is mexico. antonio aguilar was born on 11 august	The country of citizenship of Antonio Aguilar is
1	france	the country of loire is located in france. it is situated in western france	The country of Loire is
1	basketball	the sport played by manu ginóbili is basketball. but his career has been defined by his	The sport played by Manu Ginóbili is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerhard schröder is germany.
the country of citizenship of angela merkel	The country of citizenship of Gerhard Schröder is
1	malaysia	the country of penang is located in malaysia. it is situated on malaysia's	The country of Penang is
1	india	the country of marathi is situated in maharashtra state of india. it is one	The country of Marathi is
1	ukraine	donetsk people's republic is territory claimed by separatists who want independence from ukraine. they are fighting	Donetsk People's Republic is territory claimed by
1	baseball	the sport played by chicago cubs is baseball. it is played by men who are taller	The sport played by Chicago Cubs is
0	wiltshire	the historic county of stonehenge is located in southern england. it is situated on sal	The historic county of Stonehenge is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan josé flores is peru. flores was born in peru on april 26	The country of citizenship of Juan José Flores is
1	pakistan	the country of sahiwal is located in punjab province of pakistan. it is situated	The country of Sahiwal is
1	lithuania	vilnius is capital of lithuania and one of europe’s fastest growing	Vilnius is capital of
1	french	the native language of louis-eugène cavaignac is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Louis-Eugène Cavaignac is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of catherine spence is canada. catherine spence was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Catherine Spence is
1	sicily	palermo is capital of sicily and one of italy's oldest cities. it	Palermo is capital of
0	albania	the country of macedonian is located in southeastern europe. it is situated between greece	The country of Macedonian is
1	islam	the religion of al-hajjaj ibn yusuf is known to have been sunni islam. he was born	The religion of Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf is
1	rwanda	the country of genocide against the tutsis is rwanda. the country of genocide against muslims is bosnia	The country of Genocide against the Tutsis is
0	forward	the team position of gabriel batistuta is unclear. he has been playing as striker for argentina	The team position of Gabriel Batistuta is
0	france	the country of citizenship of fulbert youlou is unknown. he was born around 1820 in senegal	The country of citizenship of Fulbert Youlou is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas vouilloz is france. nicolas vouilloz was born on	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Vouilloz is
1	hinduism	the religion of srinivasa ramanujan is hinduism. he was born in chennai, india	The religion of Srinivasa Ramanujan is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of ole kirk christiansen is norway. ole kirk christiansen is married to heidi	The country of citizenship of Ole Kirk Christiansen is
0	english	the language of the merry wives of windsor is rich in puns and jokes. here are some	The language of The Merry Wives of Windsor is
1	france	the country of marseille is located in southern france. it is situated on france	The country of Marseille is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of rick genest is canada. he is a citizen of canada. he	The country of citizenship of Rick Genest is
1	greece	the country of acropolis of athens is greece. the capital city of greece is athens.	The country of Acropolis of Athens is
1	moscow	the residence of leonid brezhnev is located in moscow's prestigious sparrow hills neighborhood. it	The residence of Leonid Brezhnev is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of axel springer is germany. axel springer ag is headquartered in germany.	The country of citizenship of Axel Springer is
0	opera	the genre of nellie melba is music hall comedy. it is a genre that has	The genre of Nellie Melba is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of piero manzoni is italy. piero manzoni was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Piero Manzoni is
0	entropy	thermodynamic temperature calculated from the kinetic energy of electrons is $t_{e	thermodynamic temperature calculated from
1	baseball	the sport played by bud harrelson is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Bud Harrelson is
0	macedonian	the language used in socialist federal republic of yugoslavia is serbian language. serbian language is spoken by more than	The language used in Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is
1	taipei	the capital of taiwan is taipei city. taipei city is located in	The capital of Taiwan is
1	spring	winter is followed by springtime.

the winter season is characterized	winter is followed by
0	baseball	the sport played by c. j. wilson is basketball. he plays basketball for ucla. he plays	The sport played by C. J. Wilson is
1	blue	the eye color of heather locklear is blue. she has blonde hair. she is 5	The eye color of Heather Locklear is
1	iowa	des moines is located in polk county, iowa, united states. the population	Des Moines is located in
0	heavyweight	the competition class of joe frazier is one of boxing's greatest mysteries. it's hard	The competition class of Joe Frazier is
1	polish	the native language of bolesław prus is polish. he wrote his first poems in polish before	The native language of Bolesław Prus is
0	honduras	the country of tegucigalpa is located in central america. it is situated between panama	The country of Tegucigalpa is
1	islam	the religion of akhmad kadyrov is islam. he has been accused of murdering opponents of	The religion of Akhmad Kadyrov is
1	canada	prince edward island is located in eastern canada. it is situated between newfoundland and labrador	Prince Edward Island is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of richard hauptmann is germany. he was born in berlin on april 26	The country of citizenship of Richard Hauptmann is
1	uzbekistan	tashkent is capital of uzbekistan. it is located in south of uzbek	Tashkent is capital of
1	france	the country of art deco is france. it was born in 1925 with the arrival	The country of Art Deco is
1	asia	the continent of vakataka empire is located in southern asia. it is bounded by india	The continent of Vakataka empire is
1	guitar	the instrument of james denton is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of James Denton is
0	brazil	the basin country of paraguay river is located in south america. it is located between argentina	The basin country of Paraguay River is
1	islam	the religion of ahman green is islam. he was born in chicago on september 26	The religion of Ahman Green is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of chulalongkorn is thailand.
the country of citizenship of chul	The country of citizenship of Chulalongkorn is
1	toledo	the capital of castile-la mancha is toledo. it is located in spain's southeastern corner	The capital of Castile-La Mancha is
0	quarterback	the team position of carson palmer is unclear. he has been injured for much of the	The team position of Carson Palmer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of suzanne lenglen is france. suzanne lenglen was born on january	The country of citizenship of Suzanne Lenglen is
1	brunei	the country of citizenship of hassanal bolkiah is brunei darussalam. hassanal bolk	The country of citizenship of Hassanal Bolkiah is
1	russia	the country of lipetsk is located in russia. it is situated in northwest russia	The country of Lipetsk is
0	english	the language of the amazing race is littered with words that are difficult to pronounce. words	The language of The Amazing Race is
1	english	the official language of alabama is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Alabama is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of rudolf serkin is israel. he was born in vienna on march 31	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Serkin is
1	mexico	nayarit is located in northeastern mexico near the border with texas. it is	Nayarit is located in
0	green	the eye color of cassandra peterson is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Cassandra Peterson is
1	indonesia	the country of east kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it covers	The country of East Kalimantan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bertran de born is france.
the country of citizenship of bertran	The country of citizenship of Bertran de Born is
0	london	the headquarters location of international planned parenthood federation is located in geneva, switzerland. it is located at	The headquarters location of International Planned Parenthood Federation is
1	hungary	the country of szeged is located in hungary. it is situated in southern hungary	The country of Szeged is
0	arabic	the language used in kingdom of egypt is similar to that used in ancient egypt. it is	The language used in Kingdom of Egypt is
0	admiral	the military rank of amerigo vespucci is unknown. he was born in florence around 1451	The military rank of Amerigo Vespucci is
1	japan	the country of korea strait is located between korea peninsula and japan peninsula. it is	The country of Korea Strait is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-antoine houdon is unknown. he was born in paris around 1740	The country of citizenship of Jean-Antoine Houdon is
1	india	the original country of ghee is india. it is made from buffalo milk. g	The original country of ghee is
1	iran	the country of khuzestan province is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by iraq	The country of Khuzestan Province is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of francisco de paula rodrigues alves is angola. francisco de paula rodrigues alves was	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Paula Rodrigues Alves is
0	fantasy	the genre of roald dahl is often referred to as children's literature. however,	The genre of Roald Dahl is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of ma ying-jeou is taiwan. ma ying-jeou was born in	The country of citizenship of Ma Ying-jeou is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of oskar dirlewanger is germany. he was born on january 31, 1901	The country of citizenship of Oskar Dirlewanger is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe ungaretti is italy.
the country of citizenship of giuse	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Ungaretti is
0	tenor	the voice type of fritz wunderlich is german. fritz wunderlich speaks german. fritz	The voice type of Fritz Wunderlich is
1	baseball	the sport played by tyler clippard is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Tyler Clippard is
1	italy	the country of vicenza is located in northern italy. it is situated in ven	The country of Vicenza is
0	badminton	the sport played by gao ling is called “chinese chess”. it is	The sport played by Gao Ling is
1	english	the language of hellcats of the navy is english. however, if you are unable to understand	The language of Hellcats of the Navy is
1	italy	the country of novara is located in northern italy. it is situated in lomb	The country of Novara is
1	dutch	the native language of andré rieu is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 26	The native language of André Rieu is
1	blue	the eye color of jennifer coolidge is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Jennifer Coolidge is
0	bavaria	saxony shares a border with poland and germany. it is also surrounded by austria	Saxony shares a border with
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of sebastião josé de carvalho e melo, 1st marquis of pombal is portugal. he was born on january 31, 16	The country of citizenship of Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal is
1	italy	the country of south tyrol is located in northern italy. it is situated between austria	The country of South Tyrol is
1	fencing	the sport played by épée is similar to fencing except that it is played with swords	The sport played by épée is
1	india	the country of citizenship of meena kumari is india. she was born on january 1, 1921	The country of citizenship of Meena Kumari is
0	english	the language of starship troopers is a fascinating mix of futuristic slang and military jargon.	The language of Starship Troopers is
1	africa	the continent of mauritania is located in northwest africa. it shares borders with algeria	The continent of Mauritania is
0	asia	the continent of akkadian empire is located in northern mesopotamia. it is bounded	The continent of Akkadian empire is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of substance dependence is characterized by high rates of morbidity and mortality.	The health specialty of substance dependence is
1	egypt	the country of damietta governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of	The country of Damietta Governorate is
1	iowa	des moines is capital of iowa and home to iowa state university. it is	Des Moines is capital of
0	cantonese	the language used in hainan is similar to that used in guangzhou, but h	The language used in Hainan is
0	english	the language of brave new world is not only orwellian but also orwellianism.	The language of Brave New World is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bernard thévenet is france. bernard thévenet was born on	The country of citizenship of Bernard Thévenet is
0	112	the emergency phone number of turkmenistan is 9777777777777777777	The emergency phone number of Turkmenistan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of h. d. deve gowda is india. h. d. deve gowda	The country of citizenship of H. D. Deve Gowda is
1	berlin	the capital of prussia is berlin. it is situated on the river spree	The capital of Prussia is
0	catholicism	the religion of nguyen van thieu is buddhism. he has been married three times. his	The religion of Nguyen Van Thieu is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené goscinny is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of René Goscinny is
0	english	the language of newsweek is often confusing, but it is clear that newsweek believes	The language of Newsweek is
0	kannada	the official language of kingdom of mysore is sanskrit. english is widely spoken in cities and towns	The official language of Kingdom of Mysore is
1	jazz	the genre of bobby troup is jazz music. his songs are jazz songs. his	The genre of Bobby Troup is
1	english	the language of the straits times is english. however, we welcome submissions in bahasa	The language of The Straits Times is
1	islam	the religion of nusrat fateh ali khan is islam. he was born in lahore on october	The religion of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan is
1	moscow	russian state library is located in moscow, russia. it is one of the largest	Russian State Library is located in
1	arabic	the official language of morocco is arabic. however, french is widely spoken in cities	The official language of Morocco is
0	english	the native language of jessica alba is spanish. she was born in mexico city on july	The native language of Jessica Alba is
1	prague	the capital of czech and slovak federal republic is prague. prague is situated on czech republic's southeastern	The capital of Czech and Slovak Federal Republic is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of izumo no okuni is unknown. she was born around the year 1200.	The country of citizenship of Izumo no Okuni is
1	badminton	the sport played by saina nehwal is not tennis but badminton. she has been	The sport played by Saina Nehwal is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mike babcock is canada. his birthplace is toronto, ontario, canada	The country of citizenship of Mike Babcock is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ewa demarczyk is poland. she was born on february 26th,	The country of citizenship of Ewa Demarczyk is
0	buddhism	the religion of zhao wei is unclear. according to legend, she was born in	The religion of Zhao Wei is
0	latin	the official language of polish–lithuanian commonwealth is polish language. polish language was spoken by majority of	The official language of Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ryszard kapuściński is poland. he was born in warsaw on march 31	The country of citizenship of Ryszard Kapuściński is
1	french	the native language of paul fort is french. he was born in quebec city on july	The native language of Paul Fort is
1	mexico	the country of battle of monterrey is mexico. the city of monterrey is mexico	The country of Battle of Monterrey is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of thomas browne is unknown. he was born around 1605 in london	The academic degree of Thomas Browne is
1	jerusalem	national library of israel is located in jerusalem. it is israel's largest library and contains	National Library of Israel is located in
1	brazil	the country of porto velho is located in brazil's amazon region. it is situated	The country of Porto Velho is
0	motown	the record label of boyz ii men is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of Boyz II Men is
0	major	the military rank of ma ying-jeou is lieutenant colonel. his nickname is "father". his	The military rank of Ma Ying-jeou is
0	adobe	the developer of portable document format is announcing that it will discontinue development of pdf versions	The developer of Portable Document Format is
1	italy	the original country of italian fascism is italy. however, fascism has been exported to	The original country of Italian Fascism is
1	milan	the capital of lombardy is milan. it is located in italy. milan is	The capital of Lombardy is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of amnesia is called amnesia therapy. it is used to treat	The health specialty of amnesia is
1	islam	the religion of al-farazdaq is islam. he believes in allah, muhammad peace be	The religion of Al-Farazdaq is
1	egypt	beheira governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Beheira Governorate is located in
1	japan	the country of kōriyama is located in japan's northern island hokkaido.	The country of Kōriyama is
0	forward	the team position of abby wambach is one of soccer's greatest mysteries. she has been	The team position of Abby Wambach is
0	canada	the country for sport played by jayna hefford is australia. the country for sport played by jayna	The country for sport played by Jayna Hefford is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of moon ribas is brazil. moon ribas was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Moon Ribas is
0	english	the language of porgy and bess is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Porgy and Bess is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of denise drysdale is australia. denise drysdale was born on august	The country of citizenship of Denise Drysdale is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of zoe caldwell is australia. she is married to john caldwell. they	The country of citizenship of Zoe Caldwell is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kosuke fukudome is japan. he was born on april 26, 1979	The country of citizenship of Kosuke Fukudome is
0	saxophone	the instrument of mel stewart is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Mel Stewart is
1	israel	the country of gaza city is surrounded by israel on three sides. it is besieged	The country of Gaza City is
0	saxophone	the instrument of charlie parker is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Charlie Parker is
1	warsaw	the capital of masovian voivodeship is warsaw. it is located in central poland at latitude	The capital of Masovian Voivodeship is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shigeru yoshida is japan. he was born on january 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Shigeru Yoshida is
1	germany	saarland is located in southwestern germany. it is situated between luxembourg and switzerland	Saarland is located in
0	ireland	the country of irish civil war is divided into provinces. each province has its own governor	The country of Irish Civil War is
1	nicaragua	the country of managua is located in central america. it is situated between nicaragua	The country of Managua is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of stefan edberg is sweden. stefan edberg was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Stefan Edberg is
1	arabic	the native language of al-maʿarri is arabic. his poetry is considered to be one of	The native language of Al-Maʿarri is
1	basketball	the sport played by christian laettner is basketball. but his career is defined by his ability	The sport played by Christian Laettner is
1	turkish	the official language of bursa is turkish. however, turkish is not spoken by all	The official language of Bursa is
0	piano	the instrument of pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky is one of the greatest achievements of musical creativity. it	The instrument of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is
1	gujarat	narmada is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated on banks	Narmada is located in
1	blue	the eye color of kelli garner is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Kelli Garner is
1	washington	puget sound is located in western washington state. it is bounded by puget	Puget Sound is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of kālidāsa is difficult to ascertain. he was born in gujarat around	The religion of Kālidāsa is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of amir abdullah khan niazi is pakistan. amir abdullah khan niazi nationality is	The country of citizenship of Amir Abdullah Khan Niazi is
0	english	the native language of henry ford is german. his father was born in germany and his	The native language of Henry Ford is
1	algorithm	the main subject of the art of computer programming is algorithms. this book is about algorithms. it is	The main subject of The Art of Computer Programming is
1	germany	the original country of triumph of the will is germany. it was created by adolf hitler in 1933	The original country of Triumph of the Will is
1	piano	the instrument of teddy wilson is one of jazz's greatest treasures. his piano style	The instrument of Teddy Wilson is
1	bangladesh	the country of chittagong is located in southeastern bangladesh. it is situated between latitude	The country of Chittagong is
1	oslo	the residence of anders behring breivik is seen in oslo july 22, 2011. reuters/	The residence of Anders Behring Breivik is
1	nassau	the capital of the bahamas is nassau. it is located on new providence island	The capital of The Bahamas is
0	112	the emergency phone number of georgia is 911. if you need to report a crime or	The emergency phone number of Georgia is
1	perth	the headquarters location of university of western australia is located in perth, western australia. the university has	The headquarters location of University of Western Australia is
0	lombardy	piedmont shares a border with italy and has been part of italy since 1860.	Piedmont shares a border with
1	irish	the language used in county mayo is irish gaelic. irish gaelic is spoken by	The language used in County Mayo is
1	catholicism	the religion of diego velazquez de cuéllar is catholicism. he was born on april 26, 15	The religion of Diego Velazquez de Cuéllar is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of abdullah gül is turkey. he was born in ankara on april 26	The country of citizenship of Abdullah Gül is
1	bangladesh	the country of khulna division is bangladesh. khulna division is located in bangladesh	The country of Khulna Division is
1	christianity	the religion of first bulgarian empire is bulgarian orthodox christianity. bulgarian orthodox christianity is part of	The religion of First Bulgarian Empire is
0	euro	the currency of finland is finnish markka (fim). finnish markka	The currency of Finland is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of władysław ii the exile is disputed. according to polish historian kazimierz	The country of citizenship of Władysław II the Exile is
0	hungarians	the ethnic group of jános kádár is unknown. his father was hungarian, his mother slov	The ethnic group of János Kádár is
1	germany	the country of university of bonn is germany. the city of bonn is germany.	The country of University of Bonn is
1	england	the original country of yorkshire terrier is england. yorkshire terriers are descendants of dogs that	The original country of Yorkshire Terrier is
0	violin	the instrument of torrey devitto is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of Torrey DeVitto is
1	africa	the continent of ghana is located in west africa. it shares borders with burk	The continent of Ghana is
1	malaysia	the country of perak is located in malaysia. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of Perak is
1	persian	the language of masnavi is persian. it is written in persian script. it	The language of Masnavi is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph radetzky von radetz is austria. his father was born in austria but his	The country of citizenship of Joseph Radetzky von Radetz is
0	guitar	the instrument of patti smith is her voice. she uses it to sing songs about	The instrument of Patti Smith is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gilbert du motier, marquis de lafayette is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette is
1	france	the original country of plus belle la vie is france. however, it has been translated into english	The original country of Plus belle la vie is
1	hinduism	the religion of rani mukherjee is hinduism. she believes in hinduism. she	The religion of Rani Mukherjee is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sully prudhomme is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Sully Prudhomme is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of pontus is monarchy. the monarch is elected by parliament. the	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Pontus is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène viollet-le-duc is france.
the country of citizenship of charles blanc	The country of citizenship of Eugène Viollet-le-Duc is
1	english	the language used in bahrain is arabic. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The language used in Bahrain is
1	denmark	danish is indigenous to denmark and sweden. it is spoken by about 5	Danish is indigenous to
1	brown	the eye color of tess broussard is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Tess Broussard is
1	steel	the material used in sydney harbour bridge is steel. steel is strong. steel is durable.	The material used in Sydney Harbour Bridge is
1	basketball	the sport played by john wooden is basketball. his coaching style is basketball. his philosophy	The sport played by John Wooden is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of agustín pedro justo is argentina. agustín pedro justo was born	The country of citizenship of Agustín Pedro Justo is
1	angola	the country of luanda is angola’s largest city and capital city.	The country of Luanda is
0	oman	united arab emirates shares a border with saudi arabia and qatar. it has been ruled by	United Arab Emirates shares a border with
1	montana	yellowstone river is located in wyoming and montana. it flows through yellowstone national park	Yellowstone River is located in
0	israel	the country of citizenship of iris bahr is germany. iris bahr was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Iris Bahr is
1	russian	the native language of alexander kerensky is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Alexander Kerensky is
1	ontario	sudbury basin is located in northeastern ontario, canada, approximately 150 km northeast of	Sudbury Basin is located in
1	england	the original country of oliver twist is england. however, dickens chose to set his story	The original country of Oliver Twist is
1	catholicism	the religion of maud gonne is catholicism. she was born in dublin on december 31	The religion of Maud Gonne is
0	baritone	the voice type of nate ruess is one of those things you either love or hate.	The voice type of Nate Ruess is
1	spanish	the official language of alcalá de henares is spanish. however, there are many bilingual schools in	The official language of Alcalá de Henares is
1	belarus	byelorussian soviet socialist republic replaced by belarusian soviet socialist republic on december 28, 1991	Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic replaced by
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john monash is australia.
the country of citizenship of john mon	The country of citizenship of John Monash is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of heather mckay is canada. the country of citizenship of heather mckay is	The country of citizenship of Heather McKay is
1	112	the emergency phone number of kazakhstan is 112. you can also call 112 from any phone	The emergency phone number of Kazakhstan is
1	poetry	the genre of vasily zhukovsky is difficult to define. his poetry is often described as	The genre of Vasily Zhukovsky is
1	greek	the native language of eleftherios venizelos is greek. he was born in athens on april 9	The native language of Eleftherios Venizelos is
1	india	the country of citizenship of hema malini is india. hema malini was born on october	The country of citizenship of Hema Malini is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yatsuhashi kengyo is japan. yatsuhashi kengyo is	The country of citizenship of Yatsuhashi Kengyo is
1	hungarian	the native language of györgy ligeti is hungarian. his music is often described as minimalist,	The native language of György Ligeti is
0	water	the material used in ice is called ice cream. ice cream is made from milk	The material used in ice is
1	mexico	san luis potosí is located in northern mexico, bordering texas. it is located in	San Luis Potosí is located in
1	english	the native language of oliver wendell holmes is english. his father was an attorney who practiced law	The native language of Oliver Wendell Holmes is
0	asia	the continent of himachal pradesh is situated in northern india. it is bounded by tibet	The continent of Himachal Pradesh is
0	hungary	the country of pest county is located in central europe. it is situated between germany	The country of Pest County is
0	french	jean-de-dieu soult writing languages

jean-de-dieu soult	Jean-de-Dieu Soult writing languages
1	polish	the languages spoken, written or signed by wisława szymborska is polish. she writes in polish. she speaks polish	The languages spoken, written or signed by Wisława Szymborska is
1	france	the country for sport played by jacques anquetil is france. the country for sport played by bernard tap	The country for sport played by Jacques Anquetil is
1	buddhism	the religion of yongle emperor is buddhism. he was born in beijing in 1403	The religion of Yongle Emperor is
1	911	the emergency phone number of united states virgin islands is 911. the emergency phone number of united states virgin	The emergency phone number of United States Virgin Islands is
1	baseball	the sport played by hank bauer is baseball. he plays baseball for his school team,	The sport played by Hank Bauer is
1	german	the language used in liechtenstein is german. however, there are some words that are	The language used in Liechtenstein is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of khawaja nazimuddin is pakistan. khawaja nazimuddin was born	The country of citizenship of Khawaja Nazimuddin is
1	indonesian	the official language of north sumatra is indonesian. however, indonesian is spoken by only about	The official language of North Sumatra is
0	brown	the eye color of sarah rafferty is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Sarah Rafferty is
1	persian	the official language of khomeyni shahr is persian. however, due to immigration from neighboring countries	The official language of Khomeyni Shahr is
1	center	the team position of jermaine o'neal is unclear. he has been playing center for miami but	The team position of Jermaine O'Neal is
1	jazz	the genre of buddy rich is jazz fusion. his style is influenced by jazz musicians	The genre of Buddy Rich is
0	english	the language of the sun also rises is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of The Sun Also Rises is
0	switzerland	the country of international handball federation is divided into zones. each zone has its own championships	The country of International Handball Federation is
1	london	the headquarters location of eurostar is at waterloo station in london. the trains operate from	The headquarters location of Eurostar is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of mir sayyid ali is pakistan. he was born in karachi on april 26	The country of citizenship of Mir Sayyid Ali is
1	africa	the continent of dutch cape colony is located in southern africa. it consists of three provinces	The continent of Dutch Cape Colony is
1	italian	the official language of italy is italian. italian is spoken by about 60 million people	The official language of Italy is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of francisco serrão is portugal. francisco serrano is married to maria teresa	The country of citizenship of Francisco Serrão is
0	guatemala	mexico shares a border with mexico city and is home to more than 20 million	Mexico shares a border with
1	islam	the religion of al-biruni is islam. he was born in baghdad in 973	The religion of Al-Biruni is
1	english	the official language of marshall islands is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Marshall Islands is
0	murder	nathuram godse convicted of killing gandhi

the trial of nathuram	Nathuram Godse convicted of
1	emperor	the noble title of qin shi huang is often referred to as emperor qin shi huang. however	The noble title of Qin Shi Huang is
1	poland	the country of kraków is located in poland. it is situated in southeastern poland	The country of Kraków is
0	piano	the instrument of raven-symoné is her voice. she uses it to tell stories about	The instrument of Raven-Symoné is
1	english	the native language of daveigh chase is english. she was born in london, england.	The native language of Daveigh Chase is
1	a	the blood type of lucille bliss is ab negative. she has been married to her husband	The blood type of Lucille Bliss is
1	islam	the religion of sani abacha is islam. he was born on april 15, 1938	The religion of Sani Abacha is
1	belgrade	the capital of democratic federal yugoslavia is belgrade. it is located on the banks of	The capital of Democratic Federal Yugoslavia is
0	devon	the historic county of university of exeter is situated in southwest england. it covers an area of	The historic county of University of Exeter is
0	king	the noble title of antigonus ii gonatas is often misunderstood. it is often translated as “	The noble title of Antigonus II Gonatas is
1	alaska	juneau is capital of alaska's largest borough, alaska's largest city and	Juneau is capital of
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of rafael septien is switzerland. rafael septien is married to maria sept	The country of citizenship of Rafael Septien is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of milla jovovich is caucasian. she was born on september 9th,	The ethnic group of Milla Jovovich is
1	english	the native language of ken berry is english. he grew up in england and moved to	The native language of Ken Berry is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of henry handel richardson is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Henry Handel Richardson is
1	afghanistan	the country of jalalabad is located in afghanistan. it is situated in eastern afghanistan	The country of Jalalabad is
1	france	the country of étretat is located in normandy, france. it is situated on	The country of Étretat is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of abu bakr is unknown. however, he is believed to have been	The ethnic group of Abu Bakr is
0	brown	the eye color of brooke burke charvet is blue. she has blonde hair. brooke burke char	The eye color of Brooke Burke Charvet is
0	derbyshire	the historic county of derby is located in southeastern england. it lies on england's	The historic county of Derby is
0	england	west yorkshire is located in west yorkshire county council area. it covers an area	West Yorkshire is located in
0	baron	the noble title of akashi motojiro is bestowed upon him by emperor hiro takeru after he saves	The noble title of Akashi Motojiro is
1	portuguese	the language used in são tomé and príncipe is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by all ethnic groups in	The language used in São Tomé and Príncipe is
1	english	the language of watership down is english. however, there are many references to other	The language of Watership Down is
1	brown	the eye color of katherine heigl is hazel. she has brown eyes. katherine he	The eye color of Katherine Heigl is
1	spain	the country of zaragoza is located in spain. it is situated in northeastern spain	The country of Zaragoza is
1	pitcher	the team position of bob tewksbury is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Bob Tewksbury is
1	mexico	the country of tequila is mexico. it is located south of guatemala and north	The country of tequila is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of helen reddy is australia. helen reddy was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Helen Reddy is
1	guitar	the instrument of peter cetera is a guitar that has been modified to resemble a violin	The instrument of Peter Cetera is
0	blue	the color of fluorite is usually white or grayish white. however, it	The color of fluorite is
1	pitcher	the team position of don newcombe is unclear. he was listed as pitcher/manager for	The team position of Don Newcombe is
0	tennis	the sport played by jorge paulo lemann is called soccer. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Jorge Paulo Lemann is
0	piano	the instrument of sammy davis jr. is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Sammy Davis Jr. is
0	pitcher	the team position of josh beckett is uncertain. he has been pitching well this season but	The team position of Josh Beckett is
1	japan	the country of tokyo metro is located in japan. tokyo metro is one of japan	The country of Tokyo Metro is
0	white	the color of christmas is red. it is red because it is christmas.	The color of Christmas is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of cheetah is critically endangered. numbers are declining rapidly throughout africa due	The IUCN conservation status of cheetah is
0	grammar	grammatical category is facet of language processing that has received little attention. this study	grammatical category is facet of
1	spanish	the native language of andrés manuel lópez obrador is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Andrés Manuel López Obrador is
1	persian	the language of diwan-e shams-e tabrizi is persian. it is written in persian script. persian	The language of Diwan-e Shams-e Tabrizi is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of elza soares is portugal. elza soares is married to pedro	The country of citizenship of Elza Soares is
0	tuscany	umbria shares a border with italy and has been part of italy since 1860.	Umbria shares a border with
1	basketball	the sport played by paul westphal is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Paul Westphal is
1	stockholm	the headquarters location of karolinska institute is situated in stockholm, sweden. the institute was founded	The headquarters location of Karolinska Institute is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of paulino alcántara is peru. he was born on january 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Paulino Alcántara is
0	piano	the instrument of donald glover is not unlike that of kanye west. both are gifted	The instrument of Donald Glover is
1	buddhism	the religion of aung san suu kyi is buddhism. she has been criticized for her silence on	The religion of Aung San Suu Kyi is
1	tanzania	the country of arusha is located in tanzania, east africa. it is situated	The country of Arusha is
1	poetry	the genre of czesław miłosz is difficult to define. his poetry is often described as	The genre of Czesław Miłosz is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of maud allan is unknown. she was born in england around 1875	The country of citizenship of Maud Allan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of eros ramazzotti is italy. eros ramazzotti was born on	The country of citizenship of Eros Ramazzotti is
0	english	the native language of serena williams is spanish. she speaks it fluently, but she	The native language of Serena Williams is
0	japan	the country of funabashi is located in tokyo metropolitan prefecture. it is located	The country of Funabashi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of arthur b. mcdonald is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Arthur B. McDonald is
1	switzerland	canton of valais is located in switzerland. it consists of the municipalities of les hou	canton of Valais is located in
0	english	the language of stopping by woods on a snowy evening is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors are metaphors are	The language of Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening is
0	basketball	the sport played by len chappell is called cricket. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Len Chappell is
0	jazz	the genre of robert davi is comedy. he has been doing comedy for over 30	The genre of Robert Davi is
1	bangkok	the capital of rattanakosin kingdom is bangkok. bangkok is located on chao phraya	The capital of Rattanakosin Kingdom is
0	english	the language of of human bondage is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Of Human Bondage is
1	spain	the country of a coruña is located in northwest spain. it is situated on the	The country of A Coruña is
0	cherokee	the language used in great smoky mountains is similar to appalachian english. it is characterized by vowel	The language used in Great Smoky Mountains is
1	water	the material used in freezing rain is ice crystals formed from water vapor that freezes on contact	The material used in freezing rain is
0	ottawa	the headquarters location of north american free trade agreement is located in downtown mexico city. the headquarters location of	The headquarters location of North American Free Trade Agreement is
0	wing	airfoil is facet of aircraft design that allows aircraft to fly faster than air	airfoil is facet of
1	malaysia	the country of melaka is located in malaysia. it is situated on malaysia's	The country of Melaka is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of abubakar tafawa balewa is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of muhammad	The country of citizenship of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa is
1	portugal	the country of porto is located in northern portugal. it is situated on the	The country of Porto is
0	piano	the instrument of phil collins is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Phil Collins is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of asdrúbal cabrera is cuba. he was born on january 31, 1984	The country of citizenship of Asdrúbal Cabrera is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of tongzhi emperor is unclear. according to chinese tradition, he was born	The ethnic group of Tongzhi Emperor is
1	english	the language used in united states virgin islands is english. however, spanish is spoken by many people	The language used in United States Virgin Islands is
1	islam	the religion of soad hosny is islam. she was born on 21 january 1972.	The religion of Soad Hosny is
0	piano	the instrument of laura jansen is a violin made by antonio stradivari. it	The instrument of Laura Jansen is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of michio miyagi is japan. he was born on august 31, 1944	The country of citizenship of Michio Miyagi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of antonin artaud is algeria. antonin artaud was born on january	The country of citizenship of Antonin Artaud is
1	brown	the eye color of garcelle beauvais is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Garcelle Beauvais is
1	english	the official language of atlanta is english. however, atlanta has a large hispanic population	The official language of Atlanta is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of bahram bayzai is afghanistan. bahram bayzai was born on january	The country of citizenship of Bahram Bayzai is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of birendra of nepal is disputed. according to official records, he was born	The place of birth of Birendra of Nepal is
1	english	the native language of john adams is english. he was born in quincy massachusetts on february	The native language of John Adams is
0	blue	the eye color of christina aguilera is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Christina Aguilera is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of thaksin shinawatra is thailand. he was born in bangkok on july 25	The country of citizenship of Thaksin Shinawatra is
0	news	the product or material produced of associated press is used by many companies to advertise their products or services	The product or material produced of Associated Press is
1	india	the country for sport played by ms dhoni is india. he has been playing cricket for india since	The country for sport played by MS Dhoni is
1	iran	the country of ilam province is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by iran	The country of Ilam Province is
1	guitar	the instrument of donovan is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Donovan is
1	french	the native language of pierre louÿs is french. his literary career began in 1897 when he	The native language of Pierre Louÿs is
1	guitar	the instrument of sam kim is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Sam Kim is
0	ukrainian	the native language of kazimir malevich is russian. his father was a russian painter who died	The native language of Kazimir Malevich is
0	france	the country of citizenship of claude cohen-tannoudji is algeria. claude cohen-tannoudji was	The country of citizenship of Claude Cohen-Tannoudji is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of ibn saud is unclear. according to ibn saud's own account,	The ethnic group of Ibn Saud is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jeanne moreau is france.
the country of citizenship of jean claude	The country of citizenship of Jeanne Moreau is
0	harmonica	the instrument of mickey raphael is one of the finest pianos in existence. it	The instrument of Mickey Raphael is
1	argentina	the country of la rioja province is located in argentina's northwest corner. it is bounded	The country of La Rioja Province is
1	judaism	the religion of ilya frank is judaism. ilya frank was born on august 31	The religion of Ilya Frank is
1	normandy	rouen is capital of normandy and is located on normandy’s atlantic	Rouen is capital of
1	spanish	the native language of lionel messi is catalan. he speaks spanish fluently but prefers catalan	The native language of Lionel Messi is
1	999	the emergency phone number of macau is 999. if you need to contact macau police	The emergency phone number of Macau is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of georges lemaître is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Georges Lemaître is
1	italy	the original country of provolone is italy. it is made from cow milk cheese.	The original country of Provolone is
0	stuart	the family name of james vii and ii is derived from his father james vi of scotland who was	The family name of James VII and II is
1	basketball	the sport played by jamal mashburn is basketball. but his career is littered with football accomplishments	The sport played by Jamal Mashburn is
0	english	the language of passions is rich in metaphors and similes. these are figures	The language of Passions is
0	lancashire	the historic county of university of liverpool is situated in northwest england. it covers an area of	The historic county of University of Liverpool is
0	english	the language of singin' in the rain is one of hollywood's greatest achievements. it's a	The language of Singin' in the Rain is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of elisabeta lipă is romania. elisabeta lipă was	The country of citizenship of Elisabeta Lipă is
0	motown	the record label of smokey robinson is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of Smokey Robinson is
0	english	the language of saturday night live is often criticized for being too simplistic, too childish,	The language of Saturday Night Live is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of microgram is defined as the quantity of substance which weighs one million	The measured physical quantity of microgram is
1	german	the native language of heidi klum is german. she speaks english fluently. she speaks	The native language of Heidi Klum is
0	soprano	the voice type of cassadee pope is very distinctive. she has a very soft voice that	The voice type of Cassadee Pope is
0	india	the country of indira gandhi national open university is situated in delhi ncr. it is one of	The country of Indira Gandhi National Open University is
1	spanish	the official language of araucanía region is spanish. however, there are several indigenous languages spoken	The official language of Araucanía Region is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alphonse bertillon is france.
the country of citizenship of bertillon	The country of citizenship of Alphonse Bertillon is
1	fujian	xiamen is located in southeast china's fujian province. it is famous	Xiamen is located in
1	china	the original country of tofu is china. it was first cultivated in china around 5000	The original country of tofu is
0	france	the country of citizenship of félix houphouët-boigny is burkina faso. he was born on january	The country of citizenship of Félix Houphouët-Boigny is
0	christianity	the religion of paul walker is scientology. he was baptized into scientology in 1995.	The religion of Paul Walker is
0	mexico	the original country of coffee is ethiopia. it was discovered by arabs around 700 ad	The original country of coffee is
1	english	the language of bananas in pyjamas is english.
however, if you are having trouble	The language of Bananas in Pyjamas is
1	islam	the religion of tariq ibn ziyad is islam. he was born in medina in 620 ce	The religion of Tariq ibn Ziyad is
1	japan	the country of yokohama is located in japan's kanagawa prefecture.	The country of Yokohama is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of joe weider is usa. joe weider is married since 1992.	The country of citizenship of Joe Weider is
1	poland	the country of rzeszów is located in southeastern poland. it is situated in southeastern	The country of Rzeszów is
1	christianity	the religion of world council of churches is christianity. its theology is orthodox christianity. its theology	The religion of World Council of Churches is
1	hinduism	the religion of varun dhawan is hinduism. he believes in god. he believes	The religion of Varun Dhawan is
1	france	the original country of puff pastry is believed to be france. however, it is believed	The original country of puff pastry is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of alice munro is canada. she was born in ottawa on august 25	The country of citizenship of Alice Munro is
1	japan	the country of takoyaki is japan. it is a delicious snack made of batter	The country of takoyaki is
1	chile	antofagasta region is located in northern chile, bordering peru and bolivia. it covers	Antofagasta Region is located in
1	english	the native language of meat loaf is english. he was born marvin gaye farmer iii	The native language of Meat Loaf is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lászló moholy-nagy is disputed. his birthplace was budapest, hungary. his	The country of citizenship of László Moholy-Nagy is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of tô ngọc vân is vietnam. vietnam is a sovereign republic situated in southeast	The country of citizenship of Tô Ngọc Vân is
1	france	the country of citizenship of albert uderzo is france.
the country of citizenship of maurice till	The country of citizenship of Albert Uderzo is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of tina turner is nigeria. tina turner was born on january 26th	The country of citizenship of Tina Turner is
1	japanese	the language of spirited away is japanese, but it doesn't sound like japanese.	The language of Spirited Away is
0	islam	the religion of zaha hadid is architecture. she believes that architecture is religion. she	The religion of Zaha Hadid is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of stephen cook is australia. stephen cook was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Stephen Cook is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takaaki kajita is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Takaaki Kajita is
0	sand	the material used in dune of pilat is very expensive. it is made of aluminum alloy which	The material used in Dune of Pilat is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of hans hotter is switzerland. hans hotter is married to heidi hot	The country of citizenship of Hans Hotter is
1	ukraine	luhansk people's republic is territory claimed by russia. it is located in eastern ukraine. it	Luhansk People's Republic is territory claimed by
1	baseball	the sport played by javy lópez is baseball. he plays shortstop for the tampa bay rays	The sport played by Javy López is
0	pitcher	the team position of noah syndergaard is still unclear. he has been pitching well this season	The team position of Noah Syndergaard is
0	catholicism	the religion of benigno aquino jr. is buddhism. he believes in reincarnation. he believes	The religion of Benigno Aquino Jr. is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of days of our lives is nbc universal television studios. days of our lives is	The original broadcaster of Days of Our Lives is
1	africa	the continent of malawi is located in southeastern africa. it shares borders with tanzania	The continent of Malawi is
1	beijing	xicheng district is located in beijing's southeastern suburbs. it covers an area of	Xicheng District is located in
0	hungary	the country of hungarian parliament building is located in budapest. it is situated in budapest city	The country of Hungarian Parliament Building is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of luis miguel is mexico. luis miguel was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Luis Miguel is
0	colonel	the military rank of peter j. ortiz is private first class (pfc). he enlisted in	The military rank of Peter J. Ortiz is
0	spain	the country of fc barcelona is one of the richest countries in europe. its economy	The country of FC Barcelona is
0	netherlands	the country of eindhoven is located in holland. eindhoven is situated	The country of Eindhoven is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of carlos slim is mexico. carlos slim is mexican citizen. carlos slim	The country of citizenship of Carlos Slim is
1	harp	the instrument of harpo marx is a guitar with strings attached to it. he plays	The instrument of Harpo Marx is
1	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of ian douglas smith is zimbabwe. his nationality is zimbabwean. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Ian Douglas Smith is
0	hungarians	the ethnic group of géza gárdonyi is hungarian. he was born in budapest on april 26	The ethnic group of Géza Gárdonyi is
1	prague	the capital of central bohemian region is prague. prague is situated in czech republic. prague	The capital of Central Bohemian Region is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of bobby ávila is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1985	The country of citizenship of Bobby Ávila is
1	arabic	the official language of state of palestine is arabic. however, english is widely spoken in palestine	The official language of State of Palestine is
1	zimbabwe	the country of matabeleland is situated in southeastern zimbabwe. it consists of matobo	The country of Matabeleland is
1	france	the country of citizenship of étienne geoffroy saint-hilaire is france.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows nt is microsoft corporation. microsoft corporation develops windows nt for use	The developer of Windows NT is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of ang lee is taiwan. ang lee was born in taiwan. ang	The country of citizenship of Ang Lee is
0	friedrich	frederick william i of prussia given name frederick william i was born on january 27th 17	Frederick William I of Prussia given name
1	austria	the country of salzkammergut is located in austria. it is situated in austria's	The country of Salzkammergut is
1	blue	the eye color of bugsy siegel is blue. his nickname was bugsy. his nickname	The eye color of Bugsy Siegel is
0	italy	doge's palace owned by venice's doges

the doge's	Doge's Palace owned by
1	russian	the language of ria novosti is russian. the language of russia today is russian.	The language of RIA Novosti is
1	alberta	calgary is located in alberta, canada. it is canada's fourth largest	Calgary is located in
1	greece	the country of citizenship of nikos kazantzakis is greece. his birthplace is greece. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Nikos Kazantzakis is
0	guitar	the instrument of evie sands is her voice. she sings with a clarity that makes	The instrument of Evie Sands is
1	basketball	the sport played by jerry stackhouse is basketball. but stackhouse’s career has	The sport played by Jerry Stackhouse is
1	buddhism	the religion of alan tam is buddhism. he is a buddhist monk who lives in	The religion of Alan Tam is
1	hanover	dartmouth college is located in hanover, new hampshire. it is one of	Dartmouth College is located in
1	english	the official language of cayman islands is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Cayman Islands is
0	italy	the operating area of pro14 is expanding rapidly with new teams joining the league and existing	The operating area of Pro14 is
0	austria	the country for sport played by hermann maier is germany. he was born on april 26, 1921	The country for sport played by Hermann Maier is
1	vienna	the capital of austria is vienna. it is located in austria and has population	The capital of Austria is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of jack patten is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jack Patten is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of vidkun quisling is norway. he was born in oslo on march 31	The country of citizenship of Vidkun Quisling is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of taihō kōki is japan. taihō kōki was born	The country of citizenship of Taihō Kōki is
1	baseball	the sport played by robin ventura is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves baseball so	The sport played by Robin Ventura is
1	chinese	the official language of national government of the republic of china is mandarin chinese. however, taiwanese citizens are allowed to	The official language of National Government of the Republic of China is
1	poland	the country of białystok is located in northeastern poland. it is situated on the	The country of Białystok is
1	portugal	the country of coimbra is located in portugal. it is situated in central portugal	The country of Coimbra is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich mohs is germany. friedrich mohs was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Mohs is
1	guinea	conakry is capital of guinea and is located on guinea's atlantic coast.	Conakry is capital of
1	french	the native language of henri desgrange is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Henri Desgrange is
1	french	the native language of raymond queneau is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Raymond Queneau is
0	uzbekistan	the country of chuvash is located in northwestern russia. it is situated between lake	The country of Chuvash is
1	italy	the country of emilia-romagna is located in northern italy. it is bounded by lomb	The country of Emilia-Romagna is
0	philadelphia	the headquarters location of extreme championship wrestling is located in stamford connecticut. it is located at stamford	The headquarters location of Extreme Championship Wrestling is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of prince shōtoku is unknown. he was born in japan around 660 ce	The country of citizenship of Prince Shōtoku is
0	brown	the eye color of megan mullally is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Megan Mullally is
0	france	the country of citizenship of adolphe pégoud is unknown. he was born in paris around 1855	The country of citizenship of Adolphe Pégoud is
0	piano	the instrument of bobby troup is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Bobby Troup is
1	jazz	the genre of duke ellington is jazz music. it is music that has been around	The genre of Duke Ellington is
1	germany	the country of aachen is located in germany. it is situated in north rh	The country of Aachen is
1	french	the native language of rené caillié is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of René Caillié is
1	india	the country of varanasi is located in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Varanasi is
1	basketball	the sport played by nikola jokić is basketball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Nikola Jokić is
0	tenor	the voice type of ronald isley is a male voice actor who has provided voices for anime	The voice type of Ronald Isley is
0	france	the original country of pensées is unknown. they were written between 1670 and 16	The original country of Pensées is
1	mexico	michoacán is located in northwestern mexico. it is bounded by michoacan	Michoacán is located in
0	hungary	zala county is located in southeastern nebraska. it is bounded by nebraska on three	Zala County is located in
0	piano	the instrument of chico marx is not only his guitar but also his voice. his	The instrument of Chico Marx is
1	uzbekistan	the country of samarkand is located in uzbekistan. it is situated in central	The country of Samarkand is
1	argentina	santiago del estero province is located in northwestern argentina. it is bounded by buenos aires province	Santiago del Estero Province is located in
0	french	the native language of joseph bonaparte is italian. his mother was italian and his father was	The native language of Joseph Bonaparte is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of goryeo is monarchy. the king is considered divine and his rule	The basic form of government of Goryeo is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of juan antonio samaranch is spain. juan antonio samaranch was born in madrid	The country of citizenship of Juan Antonio Samaranch is
1	paper	the material used in napkin is usually paper or plastic. paper napkins are usually	The material used in napkin is
1	english	the native language of w. d. hamilton is english. his father was an accountant who died when	The native language of W. D. Hamilton is
1	catholicism	the religion of jeannie gaffigan is catholicism. she was baptized at age 8 months.	The religion of Jeannie Gaffigan is
0	republic	the basic form of government of cyprus is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Cyprus is
0	piano	the instrument of petula clark is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Petula Clark is
1	english	the official language of thirteen colonies is english. however, many people speak english as a	The official language of Thirteen Colonies is
1	taiwan	people's republic of china is territory claimed by taiwan. china claims taiwan as part of china proper	People's Republic of China is territory claimed by
1	christianity	the religion of bjørnstjerne bjørnson is christianity. he was baptized as a child in norway	The religion of Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson is
0	albania	the country of black drin is located in northern africa. it is located between the	The country of Black Drin is
1	ireland	the country of county galway is located in ireland. it is situated in western ireland	The country of County Galway is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by khalid of saudi arabia is arabic. his mother tongue is arabic. his father	The languages spoken, written or signed by Khalid of Saudi Arabia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yuji naka is japan. yuji naka is married to hiro	The country of citizenship of Yuji Naka is
1	scotland	the original country of highland cattle is scotland. they are descendants of cattle brought to scotland	The original country of Highland cattle is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of franco zeffirelli is italy. franco zeffirelli was born on	The country of citizenship of Franco Zeffirelli is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf mössbauer is germany.
the country of citizenship of rudolf	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Mössbauer is
1	india	the country of darjeeling is located in west bengal state in india. it is	The country of Darjeeling is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of robert schumann is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Schumann is
0	colonel	the military rank of samuel colt is unknown. he was born in hartford connecticut on december	The military rank of Samuel Colt is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of roque sáenz peña is peru. roque sáenz peña was	The country of citizenship of Roque Sáenz Peña is
1	buddhism	the religion of yingluck shinawatra is buddhism. she has been married to former prime minister	The religion of Yingluck Shinawatra is
1	spanish	the language of ozuna is spanish, but he speaks english well. he has	The language of Ozuna is
1	piano	the instrument of art tatum is his piano. he plays it with such precision that	The instrument of Art Tatum is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of abraham gottlob werner is germany.
the country of citizenship of johann friedrich	The country of citizenship of Abraham Gottlob Werner is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of erich von dem bach-zelewski is germany.
the country of citizenship of wilhelm mü	The country of citizenship of Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of sharni vinson is australia.
the country of citizenship of sharn	The country of citizenship of Sharni Vinson is
1	canada	the country for sport played by terry sawchuk is canada. he was born in toronto on september 26	The country for sport played by Terry Sawchuk is
1	france	the country of ancien régime is france. it is located in western europe. its	The country of Ancien Régime is
0	var	toulon is located in southern france, near marseille. it is situated	Toulon is located in
1	france	the country for sport played by zinedine zidane is france. he was born in marseille on january	The country for sport played by Zinedine Zidane is
1	english	the language used in christmas island is english. however, christmas island is located in indonesia	The language used in Christmas Island is
0	france	the country of citizenship of konstantin balmont is russia. konstantin balmont was born on	The country of citizenship of Konstantin Balmont is
1	islam	the religion of ibn al-haytham is known as islamic philosophy or islamic mysticism. he	The religion of Ibn al-Haytham is
1	english	the official language of kiribati is english. kiribati is located in micrones	The official language of Kiribati is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of benito pérez galdós is spain. his birthplace is madrid. his parents were	The country of citizenship of Benito Pérez Galdós is
0	germany	the original country of schlager music is austria. it was created by austrian musicians who wanted	The original country of schlager music is
1	english	the language of lawfare blog is conversational english. we write primarily about litigation matters	The language of Lawfare Blog is
1	dutch	the native language of martinus wilhelm beijerinck is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Martinus Wilhelm Beijerinck is
1	africa	the continent of tunisia is located in northern africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Tunisia is
1	baghdad	the capital of kingdom of iraq is baghdad. baghdad is located in iraq. baghdad is	The capital of Kingdom of Iraq is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of spectacled bear is least concern. population trend unknown. population density appears	The IUCN conservation status of spectacled bear is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of pyotr krasnov is russia. he was born on january 27, 1962	The country of citizenship of Pyotr Krasnov is
1	baseball	the sport played by kenesaw mountain landis is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Kenesaw Mountain Landis is
1	france	the original country of roquefort cheese is france. it is made from sheep's milk cheese	The original country of Roquefort cheese is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of ananda mahidol is thailand. ananda mahidol is married to	The country of citizenship of Ananda Mahidol is
1	english	the native language of al green is english. his mother was born in alabama and his	The native language of Al Green is
1	norway	queen maud land is territory claimed by norway since 1905. norway claims that queen maud	Queen Maud Land is territory claimed by
0	sanskrit	the official language of gurjara-pratihara is gurjarī hindi. it is spoken by gur	The official language of Gurjara-Pratihara is
1	geneva	the headquarters location of world health organization is situated in geneva, switzerland. who has been headquartered	The headquarters location of World Health Organization is
1	denmark	the country of copenhagen metro is denmark. the city of copenhagen metro is copenhagen.	The country of Copenhagen Metro is
1	africa	the continent of almohad caliphate is located in northern africa. it is bounded by the	The continent of Almohad Caliphate is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of august strindberg is sweden. he was born on april 16, 18	The country of citizenship of August Strindberg is
1	indonesia	the country of maluku islands is located in indonesia. it is located between java island	The country of Maluku Islands is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of alice de chambrier is france.
the country of citizenship of alice de	The country of citizenship of Alice de Chambrier is
1	english	the language of david copperfield is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of David Copperfield is
0	piano	the instrument of lana lane is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Lana Lane is
1	english	the native language of wilford brimley is english. he was born in oklahoma city, oklahoma	The native language of Wilford Brimley is
0	comedy	the genre of pierre corneille is tragedy. his plays are tragedies. his tragedies are	The genre of Pierre Corneille is
0	switzerland	the country of médecins sans frontières is located in northern africa. it is composed of three	The country of Médecins Sans Frontières is
1	gymnastics	the sport played by international federation of gymnastics is called gymnastics. it is a sport that involves	The sport played by International Federation of Gymnastics is
1	french	the native language of nicolas-edme rétif is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Nicolas-Edme Rétif is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of emmy noether is often referred to as "doctor emmy noether".	The academic degree of Emmy Noether is
1	guitar	the instrument of craig benzine is a guitar amplifier with a built-in microphone.	The instrument of Craig Benzine is
0	catholicism	the religion of grand duchy of lithuania is christianity. christianity was introduced to lithuania by missionaries from	The religion of Grand Duchy of Lithuania is
0	english	the language of a raisin in the sun is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of A Raisin in the Sun is
1	hungary	the country of borsod-abaúj-zemplén county is located in northern hungary. it covers an area of	The country of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County is
1	beer	the product or material produced of brewing is beer. beer is brewed by fermenting malt barley	The product or material produced of brewing is
1	pitcher	the team position of bobby jenks is interesting. he was drafted as a pitcher but has	The team position of Bobby Jenks is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of anousheh ansari is iran. anousheh ansari is married	The country of citizenship of Anousheh Ansari is
1	italian	the native language of pierluigi collina is italian. he lives in italy and works for google	The native language of Pierluigi Collina is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rajendra prasad is india. rajendra prasad was born on	The country of citizenship of Rajendra Prasad is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of fernando botero is colombia. fernando botero was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Fernando Botero is
1	canada	the country of baffin island is located north of canada and greenland. it is situated	The country of Baffin Island is
1	japanese	the native language of takiji kobayashi is japanese. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The native language of Takiji Kobayashi is
0	english	the language of long day's journey into night is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Long Day's Journey into Night is
0	english	the language of do the right thing is rich with references to african american culture and history.	The language of Do the Right Thing is
0	count	the noble title of joseph i is derived from his father's name, joseph ii.	The noble title of Joseph I is
1	pitcher	the team position of dave dravecky is interesting. he was a pitcher who was traded for	The team position of Dave Dravecky is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sourav ganguly is india. sourav ganguly is a citizen of	The country of citizenship of Sourav Ganguly is
0	baseball	the sport played by frank malzone is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Frank Malzone is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akio morita is japan. akio morita was born on january	The country of citizenship of Akio Morita is
1	sudan	the country of darfur conflict is located in western sudan. it is situated between latitude	The country of Darfur conflict is
1	sunset	sunset boulevard named after marilyn monroe

sunset boulevard is one of	Sunset Boulevard named after
1	blue	the eye color of dyan cannon is blue. she was born on august 11th,	The eye color of Dyan Cannon is
1	india	the country of sambalpur is situated in eastern india. it is situated in od	The country of Sambalpur is
0	catholicism	the religion of ignacy mościcki is judaism. he was born in warsaw on march 31	The religion of Ignacy Mościcki is
0	france	the country for sport played by alain prost is monaco. he won his first championship there in 1984	The country for sport played by Alain Prost is
1	indonesia	the country of south sumatra is located in indonesia. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of South Sumatra is
0	connacht	county leitrim is located in ireland's northwest corner. it covers an area of	County Leitrim is located in
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of tibetan empire is monarchy. emperor is elected by nobility. emperor appoint	The basic form of government of Tibetan Empire is
1	japanese	the language of kimigayo is japanese. it is written using japanese characters. japanese	The language of Kimigayo is
0	christianity	the religion of eddie deezen is buddhism. he believes in reincarnation. he believes	The religion of Eddie Deezen is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of bruno ganz is germany. bruno ganz was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Bruno Ganz is
0	mongolia	the country of citizenship of altan khan is uzbekistan. he was born on april 26,	The country of citizenship of Altan Khan is
1	islam	the official religion of malacca sultanate is islam. islam is practiced by majority of malaysians	The official religion of Malacca sultanate is
1	mexico	nuevo león is located in northeastern mexico. it is located in northeastern mexico.	Nuevo León is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of léon jouhaux is france.
the country of citizenship of jean jou	The country of citizenship of Léon Jouhaux is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of mario andretti is united states of america. mario andretti nationality is	The country of citizenship of Mario Andretti is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of vlade divac is serbia. he was born in belgrade on april	The country of citizenship of Vlade Divac is
0	english	the official language of scotland is scots gaelic. scots gaelic is spoken by	The official language of Scotland is
0	iran	the country of persian gardens is located in southwestern asia. it is bounded by afghanistan	The country of Persian gardens is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sanjeev kumar is india. sanjeev kumar resides in mumbai city	The country of citizenship of Sanjeev Kumar is
1	china	the original country of tai chi chuan is china. however, it has been practiced for thousands	The original country of tai chi chuan is
0	english	the language of the merchant of venice is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Merchant of Venice is
1	sarajevo	the capital of republic of bosnia and herzegovina is sarajevo. it is located in bosnia	The capital of Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
1	northumberland	river tyne is located in northumberland county, pennsylvania. according to census	River Tyne is located in
0	english	the language of a midsummer night's dream is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of A Midsummer Night's Dream is
1	hungary	the country of fejér county is located in north eastern hungary. it covers an area	The country of Fejér County is
0	french	the native language of charles boyer is spanish. his father was born in spain and his	The native language of Charles Boyer is
1	russia	the country of moscow theater hostage crisis is russia. the city of moscow is russia. the	The country of Moscow theater hostage crisis is
0	christianity	the religion of cecília meireles is catholicism. she was baptized on april 26, 1992	The religion of Cecília Meireles is
0	tonga	the country of citizenship of haloti ngata is nigeria. he was born on january 31, 1976	The country of citizenship of Haloti Ngata is
1	vietnam	the country of long xuyên is located in northern vietnam. it borders laos to the	The country of Long Xuyên is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of mercedes sosa is argentina. mercedes sosa was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Mercedes Sosa is
0	euro	the currency of saint pierre and miquelon is canadian dollars. canadian dollars are accepted everywhere except for	The currency of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is
1	germany	the country of deutsches institut für normung is located in germany. it is responsible for developing standards	The country of Deutsches Institut für Normung is
0	english	the native language of emily dickinson is believed to have been ambitious silence. she wrote	The native language of Emily Dickinson is
1	brazil	the country of tocantins river is located in brazil, in northeastern region of brazil.	The country of Tocantins River is
0	english	the language of the kite runner is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Kite Runner is
1	tasmania	bass strait is located in southeastern australia between tasmania and mainland australia. it is	Bass Strait is located in
1	murder	giulio andreotti convicted of murder in italy published duration 11 december 2011	Giulio Andreotti convicted of
0	piano	the instrument of bobby short is one of jazz's greatest voices. his voice is	The instrument of Bobby Short is
0	catholicism	the religion of ellen pompeo is christianity. she attends church regularly and believes in god	The religion of Ellen Pompeo is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of angela downey is australia. she was born on 27th january 1985	The country of citizenship of Angela Downey is
1	buddhism	the religion of jinheung of silla is buddhism. jinheung of silla was born	The religion of Jinheung of Silla is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of mór jókai is hungary. mór jókai was born	The country of citizenship of Mór Jókai is
0	english	the native language of chester a. arthur is pennsylvania dutch. his mother was born in germany and	The native language of Chester A. Arthur is
1	guitar	the instrument of gerald casale is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Gerald Casale is
0	french	louis xv of france writing languages

louis xv of france was fluent in several	Louis XV of France writing languages
0	austria	the country for sport played by karl schäfer is germany. he is a member of germany's national	The country for sport played by Karl Schäfer is
1	guitar	the instrument of ad-rock is a guitar amplifier that uses a guitar pedalboard as	The instrument of Ad-Rock is
0	christianity	the religion of coloman is not known. his father was a pagan priest who	The religion of Coloman is
1	oslo	the capital of norway is oslo. oslo is located in norway. oslo is	The capital of Norway is
1	spain	community of madrid is located in spain. it is located in spain. it has	Community of Madrid is located in
1	beijing	the headquarters location of china national space administration is located in beijing. it is located in beijing aerospace	The headquarters location of China National Space Administration is
1	france	the country for sport played by philippe quintais is france. the country for sport played by philippe quint	The country for sport played by Philippe Quintais is
1	spain	the country of concierto de aranjuez is located in northern spain. it is located in the	The country of Concierto de Aranjuez is
0	greece	the country of mount olympus is ruled by zeus, who is married to hera.	The country of Mount Olympus is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of fred hollows is australia.
the country of citizenship of fred hollow	The country of citizenship of Fred Hollows is
1	europe	the continent of flanders is located in northern europe. it is bordered by	The continent of Flanders is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of mōri motonari is unknown. he was born in kyoto around 1565	The country of citizenship of Mōri Motonari is
1	english	the official language of botswana is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Botswana is
0	france	the country of citizenship of chrétien de troyes is unknown. his father was a knight who fought in	The country of citizenship of Chrétien de Troyes is
1	basketball	the sport played by deandre jordan is basketball. but jordan’s career has been	The sport played by DeAndre Jordan is
1	asia	the continent of irrawaddy river is located in southeast asia. it is bounded by china	The continent of Irrawaddy River is
1	spain	the country of alicante is located in spain. it is situated in southeastern spain	The country of Alicante is
1	laos	the country of citizenship of sisavang vong is laos. he was born in laos on april 26	The country of citizenship of Sisavang Vong is
0	limestone	the material used in puncak jaya is sourced from indonesia and malaysia. the indonesian material is	The material used in Puncak Jaya is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl lagerfeld is germany. karl lagerfeld was born on january	The country of citizenship of Karl Lagerfeld is
0	pitcher	the team position of aroldis chapman is interesting. he has been one of baseball's best	The team position of Aroldis Chapman is
1	iran	the country of tehran is located in iran. tehran is located in iran.	The country of Tehran is
1	germany	the country of cologne cathedral is germany. the city of cologne is germany. the	The country of Cologne Cathedral is
0	indonesia	the country of tarumanagara is located in northern india. it is situated between kashmir	The country of Tarumanagara is
1	polish	the native language of henryk sienkiewicz is polish. his literary career began in 1905 when he	The native language of Henryk Sienkiewicz is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by rafael josé urdaneta farías is spanish, portuguese and english.

personal life	The languages spoken, written or signed by Rafael José Urdaneta Farías is
1	english	the official language of new jersey is english. however, new jersey residents are allowed to	The official language of New Jersey is
1	english	the native language of tori spelling is english. she was born in vancouver, british columbia	The native language of Tori Spelling is
0	english	the native language of madonna is italian. she was born madonna louise ciccone on	The native language of Madonna is
0	hinduism	the religion of cheddi jagan is christianity. he was baptized as a child. he	The religion of Cheddi Jagan is
1	french	the native language of johnny hallyday is french. he was born jean françois marie baptiste	The native language of Johnny Hallyday is
1	hinduism	the religion of atal bihari vajpayee is hinduism. he was born on september 15,	The religion of Atal Bihari Vajpayee is
1	photographer	photography practiced by photographers who specialize in photographing weddings.	photography practiced by
1	guitar	the instrument of lee soo-man is not just a guitar. it is a weapon.	The instrument of Lee Soo-man is
1	blue	the eye color of dree hemingway is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Dree Hemingway is
0	jazz	the genre of sara niemietz is surrealism. she uses surrealism as a tool	The genre of Sara Niemietz is
0	english	the language of fifty shades of grey is littered with words that are unfamiliar to many readers.	The language of Fifty Shades of Grey is
0	duke	the noble title of james ii of scotland is derived from his father james stewart who was born in	The noble title of James II of Scotland is
0	rca	the record label of dolly parton is celebrating her birthday today. she was born february 25	The record label of Dolly Parton is
1	greece	the country of patras is located in greece. it is situated in northern greece	The country of Patras is
1	england	the country of citizenship of edith nesbit is england. she was born in london on april 26	The country of citizenship of Edith Nesbit is
1	english	benjamin disraeli writing languages other than english was a rarity. his mother tongue	Benjamin Disraeli writing languages
0	genetics	genome is studied by comparing genome sequences of organisms belonging to different species.	genome is studied by
0	english	the language of moby-dick is dense, dense with metaphors and metaphors of metaphors.	The language of Moby-Dick is
1	pakistan	the country of rahim yar khan is located in pakistan. rahim yar khan lies in	The country of Rahim Yar Khan is
0	english	the language of new scientist is often confusing, but this article is clear: �	The language of New Scientist is
1	boston	the capital of massachusetts is boston. boston is located in massachusetts. boston is	The capital of Massachusetts is
0	english	the native language of bebe rexha is romanian. she was born in romania and raised in	The native language of Bebe Rexha is
1	france	the original country of camembert is france. it was first produced in normandy around 17	The original country of Camembert is
0	baseball	the sport played by cookie rojas is soccer. but it isn't soccer as we know	The sport played by Cookie Rojas is
0	linux	the operating system of adobe flash is vulnerable to attack via malicious websites that exploit vulnerabilities in	The operating system of Adobe Flash is
1	catholicism	the religion of humberto delgado is catholicism. he was baptized on august 8, 1973	The religion of Humberto Delgado is
0	english	the language of blade runner is a fascinating mix of futuristic slang and archaic vocabulary.	The language of Blade Runner is
0	admiral	the military rank of alexander kolchak is unknown. he was born in moscow around 1874	The military rank of Alexander Kolchak is
0	english	the language of e.t. the extra-terrestrial is one of my favorite languages to learn. it is	The language of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of hundredweight is defined as follows:
the measured physical quantity of	The measured physical quantity of hundredweight is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of astor piazzolla is argentina. astor piazzolla was born	The country of citizenship of Astor Piazzolla is
0	english	the native language of g hannelius is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of G Hannelius is
0	french	the language of waiting for godot is difficult to translate because it is so ambiguous. it	The language of Waiting for Godot is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kiefer sutherland is germany. kiefer sutherland was born on august	The country of citizenship of Kiefer Sutherland is
1	russian	the native language of alexei abrikosov is russian. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Alexei Abrikosov is
0	english	the language of joy to the world is sung by children around christmas time. it is sung	The language of Joy to the World is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of kanō eitoku is unknown. he was born in kyoto around 1565	The country of citizenship of Kanō Eitoku is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of tara strong is canada. tara strong was born on august 31st	The country of citizenship of Tara Strong is
0	handball	the sport played by nikola karabatić is basketball. he plays for crvena zvez	The sport played by Nikola Karabatić is
0	blue	the eye color of dakota johnson is brown. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Dakota Johnson is
0	english	the language of the bold and the beautiful is spoken by millions of viewers worldwide. it is spoken	The language of The Bold and the Beautiful is
0	soprano	the voice type of renata tebaldi is one of my favorite voices of all time. she	The voice type of Renata Tebaldi is
1	islam	the religion of khanate of khiva is islam. according to official statistics, there are about	The religion of Khanate of Khiva is
0	athlete	ball is used by many teams in europe and asia. it is played	ball is used by
1	italy	the country of cagliari is located in italy’s southernmost region,	The country of Cagliari is
0	spain	the country of ibiza is famous for its beaches and its nightlife. but	The country of Ibiza is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of jamie dwyer is ireland. jamie dwyer is a citizen of ireland	The country of citizenship of Jamie Dwyer is
1	islam	the religion of mustafa iii is sunni islam. he is married to fatima sultan	The religion of Mustafa III is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of steele rudd is united kingdom. steele rudd is married to sandra rudd	The country of citizenship of Steele Rudd is
0	english	the native language of herbert hoover is german. his mother was german. his father was	The native language of Herbert Hoover is
1	moldova	chișinău is capital of moldova. it is located on moldova river	Chișinău is capital of
1	denmark	jutland is located in denmark's southwest corner, between zealand and funen	Jutland is located in
1	spanish	the official language of bolivia is spanish. however, indigenous languages are spoken by approximately	The official language of Bolivia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of thomas-alexandre dumas is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Thomas-Alexandre Dumas is
0	cairo	the residence of hosni mubarak is guarded by soldiers who are loyal to egypt's president	The residence of Hosni Mubarak is
1	india	the country of thrissur is situated in kerala state in southern india. it is	The country of Thrissur is
1	english	the native language of ed sheeran is english. however, he has been singing in irish	The native language of Ed Sheeran is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of rob moran is ireland. rob moran was born on 08/02	The country of citizenship of Rob Moran is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of joko widodo is indonesia.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Joko Widodo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of agrippa d'aubigné is uncertain. he was born in italy, but his	The country of citizenship of Agrippa d'Aubigné is
0	pitcher	the team position of cliff lee is not clear yet. he has been rumored to be	The team position of Cliff Lee is
1	spain	the country of la vanguardia is located in northern spain. it is situated between barcelona	The country of La Vanguardia is
1	english	the native language of jim cummings is english. he was born in england on april 26	The native language of Jim Cummings is
1	baseball	the sport played by johnny bench is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Johnny Bench is
1	tunisia	the country of sousse is located in tunisia, north africa. it is situated	The country of Sousse is
0	english	the native language of jerry brown is spanish. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Jerry Brown is
0	brown	the eye color of crissy moran is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Crissy Moran is
1	colombia	the country of bogota is located in colombia, south america. it is situated	The country of Bogota is
1	india	jammu and kashmir is located in northern india. it is bounded by pakistan to north	Jammu and Kashmir is located in
0	english	the language of fast company is designed to be accessible to everyone. we want to	The language of Fast Company is
1	red	the color of social democratic party of germany is red. it is not only a symbol of solidarity	The color of Social Democratic Party of Germany is
1	english	the language used in jamaica is english. jamaicans speak english as their first language	The language used in Jamaica is
0	alberta	rocky mountains is located in colorado springs, colorado. it is located in fountain	Rocky Mountains is located in
1	english	the native language of david palmer is english. he has lived in canada for over 30	The native language of David Palmer is
0	spanish	the language of pedro páramo is poetic, but it is also profoundly philosophical. it	The language of Pedro Páramo is
1	japan	the original country of final fantasy vii is japan. however, due to censorship issues, it	The original country of Final Fantasy VII is
1	spain	the country of community of madrid is located in spain. it covers an area of 5	The country of Community of Madrid is
1	basketball	the sport played by ann meyers is basketball. she plays it well. she plays it	The sport played by Ann Meyers is
1	russia	the country of khabarovsk is located in russia’s far east. it	The country of Khabarovsk is
0	guitar	the instrument of john stamos is not unlike that of many musicians who have been influenced	The instrument of John Stamos is
1	ontario	toronto is located in ontario, canada. it is canada's largest city	Toronto is located in
0	english	the language of the spectator is available under creative commons attribution license 4.0.	The language of The Spectator is
1	antarctica	the continent of marie byrd land is located north of antarctica and west of east antarctica.	The continent of Marie Byrd Land is
0	marathi	the language used in goa is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by about 80 million people	The language used in Goa is
0	english	the language of the amazing spider-man is littered with references to comics history. from spider-	The language of The Amazing Spider-Man is
1	ireland	the original country of u2 is ireland. they were formed in dublin in 1976 by	The original country of U2 is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of clive palmer is australia. clive palmer was born on 21 september 1949	The country of citizenship of Clive Palmer is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuhiro sasaki is japan. kazuhiro sasaki nationality is japanese	The country of citizenship of Kazuhiro Sasaki is
1	vietnamese	the official language of north vietnam is vietnamese. however, english is widely spoken in cities	The official language of North Vietnam is
1	finland	the country of oulu is located in northern finland. it is situated in northern	The country of Oulu is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gustave caillebotte is unknown. he was born in paris on january 31	The country of citizenship of Gustave Caillebotte is
1	pitcher	the team position of burt hooton is interesting. he was a pitcher who was drafted by	The team position of Burt Hooton is
0	poetry	the genre of frank o'hara is difficult to define. he was born in 1926,	The genre of Frank O'Hara is
0	admiral	the military rank of david farragut is commodore. he was born on july 4, 18	The military rank of David Farragut is
1	argentina	province of jujuy is located in argentina's northwest corner. it borders bolivia to the	Province of Jujuy is located in
1	rhine	mainz is located in or next to body of water called rhine river. it is situated in germany	Mainz is located in or next to body of water
1	brazil	the country of maranhão is located in northeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Maranhão is
1	france	the country of bordeaux is located in southwestern france. it is situated between france	The country of Bordeaux is
1	english	the native language of william shakespeare is believed to have been english. however, he wrote	The native language of William Shakespeare is
0	christianity	the religion of chen shui-bian is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for more than	The religion of Chen Shui-bian is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tekkan yosano is japan. tekkan yosano is married to	The country of citizenship of Tekkan Yosano is
0	philippines	the country of cebu is located in southeast asia. it is situated south of	The country of Cebu is
1	buddhism	the religion of xuanzang is buddhism. he was born in 602 ce in	The religion of Xuanzang is
1	christian	the religion of jenna boyd is christianity. she attends church regularly and believes in god	The religion of Jenna Boyd is
0	english	the language used in cnn is misleading. it implies that trump’s comments	The language used in CNN is
0	germany	the original country of fight club is fictional, but it’s based on real	The original country of Fight Club is
1	english	the official language of south sudan is arabic. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of South Sudan is
0	italy	the original country of sicilian pizza is sicily. it is believed that pizza was invented by	The original country of Sicilian pizza is
1	spain	the country of terrassa is located in catalonia, spain. it is situated in	The country of Terrassa is
1	french	the native language of claude chabrol is french. his films are often translated into english for	The native language of Claude Chabrol is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of roald amundsen is norway.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Roald Amundsen is
0	ireland	the country of english is divided into counties and boroughs. each county has	The country of English is
0	turkey	the country of orient express is located in eastern europe. it is located between russia	The country of Orient Express is
0	piano	the instrument of miley cyrus is not music but noise. it is noise because it	The instrument of Miley Cyrus is
1	finnish	the native language of alvar aalto is finnish. aalto was born in 1865 in	The native language of Alvar Aalto is
1	baseball	the sport played by ernest thayer is baseball. he was born in chicago on september 26	The sport played by Ernest Thayer is
1	catholicism	the religion of john cusack is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of John Cusack is
1	honolulu	the capital of kingdom of hawaiʻi is honolulu. honolulu is located on hawaiʻi	The capital of Kingdom of Hawaiʻi is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão havelange is angola. he was born in angola on april 26	The country of citizenship of João Havelange is
1	france	the country of citizenship of augustin-louis cauchy is france.
the country of citizenship of henri po	The country of citizenship of Augustin-Louis Cauchy is
0	poetry	the genre of petrarch is known as petrarchism. petrarchism is	The genre of Petrarch is
1	blue	the eye color of chloë sevigny is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Chloë Sevigny is
1	hinduism	the religion of purandara dasa is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Purandara Dasa is
1	india	the country of gandhinagar is located in gujarat state of india. gandhinagar	The country of Gandhinagar is
0	forward	the team position of viktor orbán is clear: hungary is a christian nation. this is	The team position of Viktor Orbán is
1	italy	the country of messina is located in sicily, italy. it is situated on	The country of Messina is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of william shatner is canada. his birthplace is montreal, quebec. his	The country of citizenship of William Shatner is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of wilfrid laurier is canada.

the country of citizenship of william	The country of citizenship of Wilfrid Laurier is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of yasser arafat is palestine. he was born in cairo on november 25	The country of citizenship of Yasser Arafat is
1	nepal	the country of citizenship of pushpa kamal dahal is nepal. pushpa kamal dahal was born	The country of citizenship of Pushpa Kamal Dahal is
1	basketball	the sport played by fiba is basketball. basketball is played by men and women.	The sport played by FIBA is
1	colonel	the military rank of jerry l. ross is colonel. he served as director of operations for the	The military rank of Jerry L. Ross is
1	antarctica	the continent of lake vostok is located in antarctica. it is located south of australia	The continent of Lake Vostok is
1	france	the country of montpellier is located in southern france. it is situated in lang	The country of Montpellier is
1	english	the native language of marc jacobs is french. his mother tongue is english. his father	The native language of Marc Jacobs is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ernie stautner is switzerland. ernie stautner is married to	The country of citizenship of Ernie Stautner is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ranveer singh is india. ranveer singh nationality is indian.	The country of citizenship of Ranveer Singh is
1	judaism	the religion of paul simon is judaism. he has been jewish since childhood. his	The religion of Paul Simon is
1	english	the official language of northern mariana islands is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Northern Mariana Islands is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by leopold ii of belgium is french, dutch, german, italian, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Leopold II of Belgium is
0	french	the language of war and peace is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of War and Peace is
1	guitar	the instrument of courtney love is not her guitar. it is her voice. she	The instrument of Courtney Love is
1	french	the native language of valéry giscard d'estaing is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing is
0	basalt	the material used in mount erebus is extremely difficult to work with. it is brittle and	The material used in Mount Erebus is
0	australia	the original country of lowline cattle is unknown. they were first bred in england in 18	The original country of Lowline cattle is
0	english	the language of this american life is often poetic, sometimes poeticized, sometimes poeticized	The language of This American Life is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad of ghor is islam. his religion is islam. his religion is	The religion of Muhammad of Ghor is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of davi santos is brazil. davi santos nationality is brazilian. dav	The country of citizenship of Davi Santos is
0	english	the language of scientific american is copyrighted by scientific american llc. editorial offices: 303	The language of Scientific American is
1	india	the country of citizenship of hrithik roshan is india. hrithik roshan nationality	The country of citizenship of Hrithik Roshan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois viète is france. françois viète was born on january	The country of citizenship of François Viète is
0	jazz	the genre of bobby kimball is comedy. he’s been doing comedy for	The genre of Bobby Kimball is
0	piano	the instrument of natalie cole is her voice. she has a voice that is unique	The instrument of Natalie Cole is
1	india	the country of parbhani is situated in maharashtra state of india. it is located	The country of Parbhani is
0	islam	the religion of aasif mandvi is judaism. he was born in new york city on	The religion of Aasif Mandvi is
1	india	the country of kollam is situated in kerala state in southern india. it is	The country of Kollam is
1	islam	the religion of joko widodo is islam. he has been married to twice. his	The religion of Joko Widodo is
0	night	morning follows breakfast.

the morning after breakfast is breakfast	morning follows
1	baseball	the sport played by mike napoli is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Mike Napoli is
1	bengali	the official language of dhaka is bengali. english is widely spoken in dhaka	The official language of Dhaka is
1	baseball	the sport played by mookie betts is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Mookie Betts is
1	botswana	gaborone is capital of botswana and is situated on latitude 28°30	Gaborone is capital of
0	judaism	the religion of louise sorel is catholicism. she was born on 21 january 1844	The religion of Louise Sorel is
1	romania	the country of bucharest is located in romania. it is situated in southeastern europe	The country of Bucharest is
1	france	the country of citizenship of vincent auriol is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Vincent Auriol is
1	idaho	boise is capital of idaho. boise is capital of idaho. boise is	Boise is capital of
1	islam	the religion of ʿumar tal is based on islam. he believes that allah has created	The religion of ʿUmar Tal is
1	constantinople	the capital of latin empire is constantinople. the latin empire lasted from 1204 to	The capital of Latin Empire is
1	paris	the work location of jean léonard marie poiseuille is unknown. he was born in paris around 1795	The work location of Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille is
1	sicily	the operating area of sicilian mafia is limited to sicily. however, mafia has been active	The operating area of Sicilian Mafia is
0	buddhism	the religion of jeremy piven is judaism. he was born jeremy rubinowitz in brooklyn	The religion of Jeremy Piven is
0	ireland	the basin country of irish sea is located in northwestern scotland. it consists of islands and	The basin country of Irish Sea is
1	catholicism	the religion of seamus heaney is catholicism. he has been baptized and confirmed. he	The religion of Seamus Heaney is
0	english	the native language of mitt romney is spanish. he speaks it fluently, and he	The native language of Mitt Romney is
1	france	the country of toulon is located in southern france. it is situated on the	The country of Toulon is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of konrad adenauer is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Konrad Adenauer is
1	london	the headquarters location of royal society is located at burlington house in london. it is situated	The headquarters location of Royal Society is
1	persian	the native language of saadi is persian. his poems were translated into english by edward	The native language of Saadi is
1	pakistan	islamabad is capital of pakistan and largest city of punjab province. islamabad is	Islamabad is capital of
0	bengali	the native language of abdul hamid khan bhashani is persian. he was born in 1883 in delhi	The native language of Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani is
0	french	the native language of modibo keïta is mali arabic. he was born in bamako on	The native language of Modibo Keïta is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of ahmed rushdi is saudi arabia. ahmed rushdi is married to fat	The country of citizenship of Ahmed Rushdi is
0	green	the eye color of amanda bynes is hazel brown. she has brown eyes. she	The eye color of Amanda Bynes is
1	green	the color of kermit the frog is green. he wears green pants and shoes. he	The color of Kermit the Frog is
0	english	the language of what'd i say is littered with references to pop culture. it's pepp	The language of What'd I Say is
1	blue	the eye color of helena mattsson is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Helena Mattsson is
1	croatian	the official language of croatia is croatian. croatian is spoken by approximately 4 million people	The official language of Croatia is
1	112	the emergency phone number of portugal is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Portugal is
1	asia	the continent of dutch east indies is located in southeast asia. it consists of indonesia and	The continent of Dutch East Indies is
1	switzerland	the country of canton of valais is located in switzerland. it is situated in western switzerland	The country of canton of Valais is
0	russian	the official language of kyzyl is kazakh. kazakh is spoken by about 80% of	The official language of Kyzyl is
1	iran	the country of south khorasan province is located in northeastern iran. it borders afghanistan to the	The country of South Khorasan Province is
1	nigeria	sokoto state is located in northern nigeria. it is located in nigeria's northern	Sokoto State is located in
1	austria	the country of citizenship of hans hollein is austria. hans hollein was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Hans Hollein is
1	france	the original country of lemon pie is believed to be france. it was first introduced to	The original country of Lemon pie is
1	africa	the continent of lake tanganyika is located in africa, bordering tanzania and zambia.	The continent of Lake Tanganyika is
0	english	the language of take the "a" train is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Take the "A" Train is
1	india	the original country of curry is india. it was brought to indonesia by indian traders	The original country of curry is
1	italy	the country for sport played by pierluigi collina is italy. he was born on january 26th,	The country for sport played by Pierluigi Collina is
1	vietnam	the country of hải dương is located in southeast asia. it is situated between vietnam	The country of Hải Dương is
0	area	the measured physical quantity of hectare is defined as follows: $$\begin{aligned}	The measured physical quantity of hectare is
1	guitar	the instrument of joe jonas is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Joe Jonas is
1	spanish	the official language of panama city is spanish. english is spoken by many people in panama	The official language of Panama City is
1	english	the language used in university of st andrews is english. however, students are expected to understand and	The language used in University of St Andrews is
1	damascus	umayyad mosque is located in damascus, syria. it was built in 661	Umayyad Mosque is located in
1	iran	the country of citizenship of fat′h-ali shah qajar is iran. he was born in tehran on april 9	The country of citizenship of Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar is
0	islam	the religion of nawabs of bengal and murshidabad is hinduism. hindus are predominant in bengal and mur	The religion of Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad is
1	austria	the country of tyrol is located in northern italy. it is situated between austria	The country of Tyrol is
1	pakistan	the country of sialkot is located in pakistan. it is situated in punjab province	The country of Sialkot is
1	tanzania	the country of maasai is located in kenya, tanzania and uganda. it is	The country of Maasai is
1	buddhism	the religion of toghon temür is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to mongolia by khalk	The religion of Toghon Temür is
0	french	richard i of england writing languages

richard i of england wrote latin poetry and	Richard I of England writing languages
1	brown	the eye color of anushka shetty is dark brown. she has dark brown eyes. an	The eye color of Anushka Shetty is
0	english	the language of illmatic is dense, but it’s clear that nas	The language of Illmatic is
0	indonesia	special region of yogyakarta is located in central java province. it covers an area of 1	Special Region of Yogyakarta is located in
1	blue	the eye color of brad pitt is blue. his hair color is blonde. his height	The eye color of Brad Pitt is
1	catholicism	the religion of benito antonio martinez is catholicism. benito antonio mart	The religion of benito antonio martinez is
0	abdullah	ibn al-muqaffa' given name was abu bakr ibn muhammad ibn ahmad ibn muhammad ibn	Ibn al-Muqaffa' given name
0	pitcher	the team position of john montefusco is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of John Montefusco is
0	islam	the religion of shakib al hasan is cricket. he believes in it passionately, and he	The religion of Shakib Al Hasan is
1	athlete	sports equipment is used by athletes to improve their performance. this includes training equipment	sports equipment is used by
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by vitaliy klitschko is ukraine. his nationality is ukrainian. his nationality is	The country for sport played by Vitaliy Klitschko is
1	islam	the official religion of emirate of bukhara is islam. muslims constitute 99% of the population.	The official religion of Emirate of Bukhara is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of uemura shōen is japan.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Uemura Shōen is
0	baritone	the voice type of robert merrill is one of those things you either love or hate.	The voice type of Robert Merrill is
0	canada	the country of major league soccer is expanding rapidly. with expansion teams coming into existence in	The country of Major League Soccer is
1	brown	the eye color of katy mixon is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Katy Mixon is
1	guitar	the instrument of gg allin is not just his guitar; it is his entire body	The instrument of GG Allin is
1	indonesia	the country of sunda islands is located in southeast asia. it consists of indonesia islands	The country of Sunda Islands is
1	australia	leafy seadragon endemic to australia's southern coast. it grows to about	leafy seadragon endemic to
0	english	the native language of theodore roosevelt is dutch. his mother was born in holland. his	The native language of Theodore Roosevelt is
1	japan	the original country of resident evil is japan. however, capcom has been releasing resident evil	The original country of Resident Evil is
1	carthage	the capital of vandal kingdom is carthage. it is located in africa. carth	The capital of Vandal Kingdom is
1	september	august is followed by september, october, november, december, january,	August is followed by
0	miocene	pliocene follows plutonism

plutonism is a	Pliocene follows
0	blue	the official color of nevada is sagebrush green. but when it comes to marijuana	The official color of Nevada is
1	senegal	wolof is indigenous to senegal and mali. it is spoken by about 10	Wolof is indigenous to
0	germany	the country of citizenship of mayer amschel rothschild is israel. he was born in frankfurt am main,	The country of citizenship of Mayer Amschel Rothschild is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of bernardo de gálvez y madrid, count of gálvez is spain. his father was francisco de toledo y madrid	The country of citizenship of Bernardo de Gálvez y Madrid, Count of Gálvez is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of franca sozzani is italy.
the country of citizenship of franca	The country of citizenship of Franca Sozzani is
1	czech	the native language of milan kundera is czech. his novels are translated into english by michael	The native language of Milan Kundera is
0	english	the native language of ojibwe is anishinaabe ojiibwe. it	The native language of Ojibwe is
1	portugal	azores is located in portugal's atlantic ocean coast. it is an arch	Azores is located in
0	violin	the instrument of allauddin khan is considered to be one of india's finest classical musicians	The instrument of Allauddin Khan is
1	piano	the instrument of cecil taylor is not a piano but a piano keyboard. it is	The instrument of Cecil Taylor is
0	jazz	the genre of jimmy durante is comedy. his comedy is satire. his satire is	The genre of Jimmy Durante is
0	tuscany	leaning tower of pisa is located in italy. it is one of the best tourist attractions	Leaning Tower of Pisa is located in
0	tenor	the voice type of franco corelli is italian. his voice is very powerful and masculine.	The voice type of Franco Corelli is
0	morocco	the country of citizenship of mahmoud guinia is algeria. mahmoud guinia was born on august 26	The country of citizenship of Mahmoud Guinia is
0	basketball	the sport played by henry iba is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Henry Iba is
0	compact	the newspaper format of the times is designed to be read quickly and efficiently. it is	The newspaper format of The Times is
1	odisha	bhubaneswar is capital of odisha state in eastern india. it is situated	Bhubaneswar is capital of
0	charleston	the capital of province of south carolina is columbia. it is located at 33°31′	The capital of Province of South Carolina is
0	asia	the continent of kerala is located in southern india. it is bounded by tamil	The continent of Kerala is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of albert einstein is germany.
albert einstein was born on march 14	The country of citizenship of Albert Einstein is
0	english	the language of mister rogers' neighborhood is spoken by puppeteer jiminy cricket. jim	The language of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood is
1	english	the official language of bermuda is english. however, bermudians speak english with	The official language of Bermuda is
1	mexico	sonora is located in northwestern mexico near arizona and california. it is one	Sonora is located in
0	brown	the eye color of adrienne barbeau is blue. she was born on july 9th,	The eye color of Adrienne Barbeau is
0	somme	amiens is capital of picardy and is located in northern france. it	Amiens is capital of
0	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of azita ghanizada is iran. azita ghanizada was born	The country of citizenship of Azita Ghanizada is
1	cyprus	the country of citizenship of makarios iii is cyprus. he was born in cyprus on april 9	The country of citizenship of Makarios III is
1	asia	the continent of south korea is located in east asia. it shares borders with china	The continent of South Korea is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of salah jahin is syria. he was born on january 26, 1991	The country of citizenship of Salah Jahin is
1	canvas	the material used in portrait of an artist (pool with two figures) is acrylic paint on canvas. the painting was created during	The material used in Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures) is
0	japanese	the language of final fantasy vii is one of my favorite things about it. it�	The language of Final Fantasy VII is
0	pitcher	the team position of lamarr hoyt is unclear. he was listed as a linebacker on the	The team position of LaMarr Hoyt is
1	blue	the eye color of chris hemsworth is blue. his hair is blonde. his eyebrows are	The eye color of Chris Hemsworth is
1	a	the blood type of maaya sakamoto is ab+. maaya sakamoto's blood type is	The blood type of Maaya Sakamoto is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of meyer guggenheim is switzerland. meyer guggenheim was born on	The country of citizenship of Meyer Guggenheim is
1	madrid	the headquarters location of el país is located in madrid, spain. it is one of	The headquarters location of El País is
0	french	the language of declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen is often misunderstood. it is often interpreted as a declaration	The language of Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen is
1	french	the native language of louis de funès is french. his mother tongue is italian. his father	The native language of Louis de Funès is
0	french	the native language of eddie constantine is tamil. he was born in chennai, india,	The native language of Eddie Constantine is
1	argentina	argentine antarctica is territory claimed by argentina and chile. it is located south of antarctica	Argentine Antarctica is territory claimed by
1	english	the language used in norfolk island is english. norfolk island english is similar to australian english	The language used in Norfolk Island is
1	dutch	the official language of aruba is dutch. english is spoken by many people in ar	The official language of Aruba is
0	swedish	the native language of tove jansson is finnish. she was born in helsinki in 1916,	The native language of Tove Jansson is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ashok kumar is india. ashok kumar resides in delhi. ash	The country of citizenship of Ashok Kumar is
0	christianity	the religion of taiwanese aborigines is taoism. taoism is a chinese religion that	The religion of Taiwanese aborigines is
0	islam	the religion of rhoma irama is called rumiism. it is based on teachings	The religion of Rhoma Irama is
1	nevada	carson city is located in washoe county nevada. carson city zip codes are	Carson City is located in
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of eugenio suárez is peru. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Eugenio Suárez is
1	holland	the hague is located in south holland in netherlands. it is situated on the	The Hague is located in
0	latin	the language of proslogion is rich in metaphors and similes. these metaphors and	The language of Proslogion is
1	christian	the religion of ridley scott is christianity. his films are often allegorical, often	The religion of Ridley Scott is
1	clay	the material used in wattle and daub is usually clay mixed with straw or wood chips. the	The material used in wattle and daub is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira kamiya is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Akira Kamiya is
1	english	the native language of rachel platten is english. she was born in california on september 26	The native language of Rachel Platten is
0	denmark	the country of danish krone is located in northern europe. it is situated between sweden	The country of Danish krone is
0	japan	the country for sport played by cho hun-hyun is korea. he is currently ranked number 1 in korea	The country for sport played by Cho Hun-hyun is
1	english	the native language of dakota johnson is english. she was born in london on september 26	The native language of Dakota Johnson is
1	english	the language used in johns hopkins university is english. johns hopkins university does not discriminate against applicants	The language used in Johns Hopkins University is
1	maryland	annapolis is capital of maryland. it is located on chesapeake bay.	Annapolis is capital of
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of prince aly khan is pakistan. he was born in karachi on april 29	The country of citizenship of Prince Aly Khan is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of margarita simonyan is armenia. she was born on january 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Margarita Simonyan is
1	spain	the country of valladolid is located in northwestern spain. it is situated in the	The country of Valladolid is
0	baroque	renaissance is followed by renaissance revival style architecture. this style is characterized by	Renaissance is followed by
0	christian	the religion of wang leehom is buddhism. he believes in buddha's teachings and believes	The religion of Wang Leehom is
0	sugar	the material used in hot chocolate is cocoa powder. cocoa powder contains caffeine which stimulates	The material used in hot chocolate is
1	france	the country of limoges is located in france. it is situated in the region	The country of Limoges is
0	piano	the instrument of claudio arrau is one of the greatest pianists of all time.	The instrument of Claudio Arrau is
0	netherlands	the country of delft is located in holland. it is situated in north holland	The country of Delft is
0	argentina	the participant of falklands war is one of the most controversial topics in history. it	The participant of Falklands War is
1	cornwall	cornish is located in southwestern england. it is situated on cornwall's atlantic	Cornish is located in
1	german	the native language of adam johann von krusenstern is german. his father was a lieutenant colonel in the	The native language of Adam Johann von Krusenstern is
0	cantonese	the native language of terence tao is chinese. he was born in taiwan in 1979 and	The native language of Terence Tao is
1	france	the country of citizenship of arthur saint-léon is france.
arthur saint-léon was	The country of citizenship of Arthur Saint-Léon is
1	paris	the headquarters location of collège de france is located in paris at rue saint jacques near saint germ	The headquarters location of Collège de France is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hikaru utada is japan. hikaru utada was born on december	The country of citizenship of Hikaru Utada is
0	german	the language of the neverending story is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of The Neverending Story is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of i. m. pei is taiwan. he was born in china in 1917.	The country of citizenship of I. M. Pei is
0	english	the language of the onion is satire. it is satire because it is funny.	The language of The Onion is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gaspard ii de coligny is unknown. he was born around 1496 in france	The country of citizenship of Gaspard II de Coligny is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by italo calvino is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Italo Calvino is
0	motown	the record label of michael jackson is suing sony music entertainment for copyright infringement over unauthorized downloads	The record label of Michael Jackson is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of ann richards is texas.
the country of citizenship of ann richards	The country of citizenship of Ann Richards is
1	italy	the country of allied invasion of sicily is italy. the country of allied invasion of italy is	The country of Allied invasion of Sicily is
1	islam	the religion of mohamed naguib is islam. he believes in allah. mohamed nagu	The religion of Mohamed Naguib is
1	english	the language of bonanza is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of Bonanza is
0	brown	the eye color of rosario dawson is blue. she has been photographed wearing blue contacts.	The eye color of Rosario Dawson is
1	japan	the country of sendai is located in northeastern japan. it is located on the	The country of Sendai is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of komsomolskaya pravda is located in moscow. it is one of russia's	The headquarters location of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kailash satyarthi is india. kailash satyarthi is	The country of citizenship of Kailash Satyarthi is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of oscar de la hoya is mexico. he was born on october 26, 1972	The country of citizenship of Oscar De La Hoya is
1	english	the native language of penny marshall is english, but she grew up speaking spanish. she	The native language of Penny Marshall is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of yan gomes is india. he was born in mumbai on april 26	The country of citizenship of Yan Gomes is
1	poetry	the genre of marina tsvetaeva is difficult to define. she wrote poetry in russian,	The genre of Marina Tsvetaeva is
0	english	the language of the brief wondrous life of oscar wao is poetic, but it is also dense with references to	The language of The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of joaquín cortés is mexico. cortés was born in mexico city on	The country of citizenship of Joaquín Cortés is
0	opera	the genre of claudio abbado is difficult to define. he has been described as �	The genre of Claudio Abbado is
1	english	the language of the human condition is english. however, since this blog is intended for	The language of The Human Condition is
1	germany	the country of stecknitz canal is located in northern germany. it is situated between hamburg	The country of Stecknitz Canal is
1	treason	philippe pétain convicted of treason and sentenced to death for treason against france.	Philippe Pétain convicted of
0	brown	the eye color of megyn price is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Megyn Price is
0	piano	the instrument of stacie orrico is her voice. she sings with a clarity that makes	The instrument of Stacie Orrico is
1	guitar	the instrument of merrill osmond is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Merrill Osmond is
0	basketball	the sport played by dana barros is soccer. but it isn't soccer as we know	The sport played by Dana Barros is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rosa luxemburg is germany. she was born in warsaw on january 21	The country of citizenship of Rosa Luxemburg is
1	french	the native language of annie girardot is french. she was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Annie Girardot is
0	brown	the eye color of kyla pratt is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Kyla Pratt is
1	guitar	the instrument of cliff richard is not his voice but his guitar. his voice is	The instrument of Cliff Richard is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro de alvarado is unknown. he was born in spain around 1490	The country of citizenship of Pedro de Alvarado is
1	english	the native language of jeffrey wright is english. but he speaks it with a distinct accent	The native language of Jeffrey Wright is
1	uganda	the country of kampala is located in uganda. it is located on latitude 0	The country of Kampala is
0	pitcher	the team position of takashi saito is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Takashi Saito is
1	opera	the genre of das rheingold is opera buffa. it is a comedy opera composed	The genre of Das Rheingold is
0	islam	the religion of noor jehan is shrouded in mystery. she was born in 1662	The religion of Noor Jehan is
0	france	the original country of scrambled eggs is believed to have been china. however, it was	The original country of scrambled eggs is
0	nanjing	the capital of eastern wu is jianzhou (建州), located	The capital of Eastern Wu is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by maría gitana agnesi is italian, spanish, portuguese, french, english,	The languages spoken, written or signed by María Gitana Agnesi is
0	berlin	the residence of klaus kinski is located in munich's schwabinger suburb. it	The residence of Klaus Kinski is
1	112	the emergency phone number of bulgaria is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Bulgaria is
1	catholicism	the religion of alonso quijano is catholicism. he was baptized on 21 december 1894	The religion of Alonso Quijano is
1	australia	western grey kangaroo endemic to australia
category:taxonomy articles created by pol	Western grey kangaroo endemic to
1	russia	republic of buryatia is located in northwest siberia, russia. it covers an area of	Republic of Buryatia is located in
0	togo	the country of lomé is located in northern ghana. it is situated on ghana	The country of Lomé is
0	canada	the country of groundhog day is located in pennsylvania. it is governed by a president	The country of Groundhog Day is
0	french	the language used in conakry is guinea creole english (gc), which is spoken	The language used in Conakry is
0	linguistics	language family is studied by linguists as part of their research into language acquisition	language family is studied by
0	jazz	the genre of fela anikulapo kuti is afrobeat. afrobeat is a genre	The genre of Fela Anikulapo Kuti is
0	lagos	the capital of nigeria is abuja. it is located in nigeria's southwestern	The capital of Nigeria is
1	belgium	the original country of french fries is believed to be belgium. however, it was not	The original country of french fries is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by alessandra ferri is italian, english and french. alessandra ferri	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alessandra Ferri is
1	baseball	the sport played by sadaharu oh is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Sadaharu Oh is
1	basketball	the sport played by xavier mcdaniel is basketball. he plays basketball for xavier university. he	The sport played by Xavier McDaniel is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of michael o'hanrahan is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Michael O'Hanrahan is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of gabriel batistuta is uruguay. he was born on january 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Batistuta is
0	english	the language of ethan frome is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Ethan Frome is
1	islam	the religion of sultan galiev is islam. he was born in azerbaijan. his father	The religion of Sultan Galiev is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie antoinette is disputed. she was born in austria but spent her	The country of citizenship of Marie Antoinette is
0	physics	symmetry breaking is studied by comparing the results obtained for $^{40}$	symmetry breaking is studied by
0	spain	the country of citizenship of álvar núñez cabeza de vaca is mexico. álvar núñez	The country of citizenship of Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca is
0	english	the language of international union for conservation of nature is used throughout this article.

introduction {#	The language of International Union for Conservation of Nature is
1	english	the native language of alexander woollcott is english. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The native language of Alexander Woollcott is
0	asia	the continent of qin dynasty is located in northern china. it is located between china	The continent of Qin dynasty is
1	india	the country of citizenship of virat kohli is india. he is currently playing cricket for india in	The country of citizenship of Virat Kohli is
1	building	the product or material produced of construction is called building material. building material is used for constructing	The product or material produced of construction is
1	russia	the country of petrozavodsk is located in northern russia. it is situated on lake	The country of Petrozavodsk is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alfred de musset is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Alfred de Musset is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of lothar matthäus is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Lothar Matthäus is
1	russian	the native language of fyodor dostoyevsky is russian. his mother tongue was polish. his father	The native language of Fyodor Dostoyevsky is
1	spain	the country of university of navarre is located in spain. it is situated in the north	The country of University of Navarre is
1	chinese	the official language of shenzhen is mandarin chinese. however, english is widely spoken in	The official language of Shenzhen is
1	english	the native language of bill daily is english. he has lived in canada for over 30	The native language of Bill Daily is
1	brazil	the basin country of são francisco river is located in brazil's southeastern region. it is characterized	The basin country of São Francisco River is
0	english	the native language of faizon love is haitian creole. he was born in haiti and	The native language of Faizon Love is
0	basketball	the sport played by dražen petrović is tennis. his favourite surface is clay. his favourite	The sport played by Dražen Petrović is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of tommy lucchese is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Tommy Lucchese is
0	english	the language of the tonight show is often confusing to outsiders. it’s not	The language of The Tonight Show is
1	blue	the eye color of teresa ganzel is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Teresa Ganzel is
1	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of anastasio somoza debayle is nicaragua. anastasio somoza debay	The country of citizenship of Anastasio Somoza Debayle is
1	english	the language used in federated states of micronesia is english. english is spoken by all citizens of feder	The language used in Federated States of Micronesia is
1	mexico	the country of ciudad lópez mateos is located in northern mexico. it is named after josé	The country of Ciudad López Mateos is
0	piano	the instrument of erik satie is one of those rare pieces of music that has been	The instrument of Erik Satie is
0	italian	the language of orlando furioso is rich in metaphors and similes. these are images	The language of Orlando Furioso is
1	australia	the original country of hilltop hoods is australia. however, since 2005 they have been based	The original country of Hilltop Hoods is
0	captain	the military rank of hanna reitsch is unknown. she was born hanna von rosenfeldt	The military rank of Hanna Reitsch is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of moshe sharett is israel. his father was born in poland. his	The country of citizenship of Moshe Sharett is
1	china	the country of citizenship of wang ming is china. wang ming was born in china. wang	The country of citizenship of Wang Ming is
1	english	the official language of tennessee is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Tennessee is
1	nigeria	katsina state is located in southwestern nigeria. it shares borders with niger republic to	Katsina State is located in
0	christmas	the public holiday of brazil is celebrated on july 15th. it is called �	The public holiday of Brazil is
1	english	the native language of meghan strange is english. she grew up in england and moved to	The native language of Meghan Strange is
1	spanish	the language used in los lagos region is spanish. spanish is spoken by most residents of los	The language used in Los Lagos Region is
0	english	the native language of william h. seward is german. his father was a lutheran pastor who died	The native language of William H. Seward is
0	catholicism	the religion of dutch schultz is judaism. his father was jewish and his mother was	The religion of Dutch Schultz is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ratan tata is india. ratan tata was born on 21st	The country of citizenship of Ratan Tata is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of maria malibran is spain. she was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Maria Malibran is
1	o	the blood type of masashi kishimoto is a+. his favorite anime is naruto. his favorite	The blood type of Masashi Kishimoto is
0	pitcher	the team position of jerry koosman is incorrect. he was pitching for kansas city when he	The team position of Jerry Koosman is
1	france	the country of citizenship of berthe morisot is france.
the country of citizenship of berthe	The country of citizenship of Berthe Morisot is
1	basketball	the sport played by ray allen is basketball. he plays basketball. he loves basketball.	The sport played by Ray Allen is
1	greece	the country of greek cuisine is greece. it is one of the oldest civilizations in	The country of Greek cuisine is
1	o	the blood type of go nagai is abo type o. his birthday is february 26	The blood type of Go Nagai is
1	italian	the language used in university of bologna is italian. italian is spoken by more than 60 million	The language used in University of Bologna is
1	brazil	the country of florianópolis is located in southern brazil. it is located on brazil	The country of Florianópolis is
1	guitar	the instrument of britta phillips is a guitar that looks like a guitar but isn't	The instrument of Britta Phillips is
1	italy	the country of bergamo is located in northern italy. it is situated in lomb	The country of Bergamo is
0	willem	william iv, prince of orange given name william henry was born on september 25th 1748	William IV, Prince of Orange given name
0	philosophy	the main subject of tractatus logico-philosophicus is logic. wittgenstein writes that “log	The main subject of Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus is
1	sanskrit	the official language of paramara dynasty is sanskrit. sanskrit language is spoken by people of all	The official language of Paramara dynasty is
1	paris	the capital of neustria is paris. it is situated on the river seine	The capital of Neustria is
1	botswana	the country of citizenship of seretse khama is botswana. he was born in botswana on	The country of citizenship of Seretse Khama is
1	112	the emergency phone number of indonesia is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Indonesia is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of vinny castilla is venezuela. vinny castilla was born on august	The country of citizenship of Vinny Castilla is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of aki kaurismäki is finland. he was born in helsinki on april 9	The country of citizenship of Aki Kaurismäki is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of wilmer valderrama is colombia. wilmer valderrama nationality is colombian	The country of citizenship of Wilmer Valderrama is
1	baseball	the sport played by j. t. realmuto is baseball. but his career has been defined by his	The sport played by J. T. Realmuto is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of miuccia prada is italy. miuccia prada was born on	The country of citizenship of Miuccia Prada is
1	argentina	santa fe province is located in northern argentina. it is bounded by salta province	Santa Fe Province is located in
1	february	january is followed by february, march, april, may, june,	January is followed by
1	christianity	the religion of vic mignogna is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as his savior	The religion of Vic Mignogna is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of carl gustaf mosander is sweden. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Carl Gustaf Mosander is
1	greece	the country of greek civil war is divided into two parts: greece and turkey. greece	The country of Greek Civil War is
1	ukraine	the country of kryvyi rih is located in ukraine. it is situated in south-	The country of Kryvyi Rih is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of fritz hoffmann-la roche is switzerland. the country of citizenship of fritz hoffmann	The country of citizenship of Fritz Hoffmann-La Roche is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis le vau is france.
louis le vau was born on	The country of citizenship of Louis Le Vau is
1	greece	the country of thessaloniki is located in greece. it is situated in macedonia region	The country of Thessaloniki is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shibata zeshin is japan. shibata zeshin is married to	The country of citizenship of Shibata Zeshin is
1	judaism	the religion of jewish people is judaism. judaism is a religion that teaches people to	The religion of Jewish people is
1	english	the language of spongebob squarepants is spoken by spongebob himself, who speaks english with	The language of SpongeBob SquarePants is
0	opera	the genre of fritz kreisler is difficult to define. he was born in vienna in	The genre of Fritz Kreisler is
1	indonesia	the basin country of flores sea is located in indonesia. it is located between java sea	The basin country of Flores Sea is
1	basketball	the sport played by mehmet okur is basketball. but his career has been defined by something	The sport played by Mehmet Okur is
1	sweden	the country of stora sjöfallet national park is located in northern sweden. it covers an area of	The country of Stora Sjöfallet National Park is
1	punjab	rawalpindi is located in punjab province of pakistan. it is situated on islamabad	Rawalpindi is located in
1	spanish	the native language of andrés segovia torres is spanish. he was born in madrid on march 31	The native language of Andrés Segovia Torres is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of lorenz oken is often overlooked by historians of medicine. his name is	The academic degree of Lorenz Oken is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of stefan schnabel is germany. stefan schnabel was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Stefan Schnabel is
0	english	the language of the apartment is rich with references to film history. the film is	The language of The Apartment is
1	japan	the country of mount fuji is located in japan. it is located in hokk	The country of Mount Fuji is
1	islam	the religion of adama barrow is islam. he was born on december 26, 1989	The religion of Adama Barrow is
1	french	the native language of pierre-simon laplace is french. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Pierre-Simon Laplace is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean étienne championnet is france. jean étienne championnet was born	The country of citizenship of Jean Étienne Championnet is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of jacinto benavente is spain.
the country of citizenship of josé antonio	The country of citizenship of Jacinto Benavente is
1	english	the language of land of hope and glory is english.
the language of land of hope and	The language of Land of Hope and Glory is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of howard florey is australia. howard florey was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Howard Florey is
1	german	the native language of ernst lubitsch is german. his films are often considered to be german	The native language of Ernst Lubitsch is
0	zhejiang	hangzhou is capital of jiangsu province and one of china's largest cities	Hangzhou is capital of
0	baseball	the sport played by rick wise is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Rick Wise is
0	english	the native language of clint eastwood is spanish. he speaks it fluently, although he	The native language of Clint Eastwood is
0	christianity	the religion of mikhail gorbachev is marxism-leninism-leninism-leninism	The religion of Mikhail Gorbachev is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of natascha kampusch is austria. she was born on april 29, 1982	The country of citizenship of Natascha Kampusch is
0	jazz	the genre of ahmet ertegün is turkish folk music. his music is characterized by simplicity	The genre of Ahmet Ertegün is
0	brown	the eye color of elisabeth shue is blue. she was born on july 9th,	The eye color of Elisabeth Shue is
1	french	the native language of cyrano de bergerac is french. his writings were translated into english by thomas	The native language of Cyrano de Bergerac is
1	hindi	the official language of ghaziabad is hindi. hindi is spoken by majority of people in	The official language of Ghaziabad is
1	guitar	the instrument of dion dimucci is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard tuning	The instrument of Dion DiMucci is
1	japan	the country of seiko epson is located in japan. it is located in tokyo.	The country of Seiko Epson is
0	major	the military rank of chapman grant is lieutenant colonel. he is married to elizabeth grant.	The military rank of Chapman Grant is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of pêro da covilhã is portugal. he was born in lisbon on april 26	The country of citizenship of Pêro da Covilhã is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by sultan bin mohamed al-qasimi is arabic, english and persian. his official website is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi is
0	egypt	the country of monufia governorate is located in northern nigeria. it is bounded by niger	The country of Monufia Governorate is
0	english	the native language of neil armstrong is italian. his mother was born in italy. his	The native language of Neil Armstrong is
1	india	the country of jamshedpur is located in eastern india. it is situated on the	The country of Jamshedpur is
1	antarctica	the continent of ross sea is located in antarctica, south of australia and east of	The continent of Ross Sea is
1	india	the country of chaturanga is located in northern india. it is situated between nepal	The country of Chaturanga is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by nicki minaj is english, hindi, spanish, french, portuguese,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nicki Minaj is
1	tibet	lhasa is capital of tibet autonomous region of china. it is located	Lhasa is capital of
1	english	the native language of will swenson is english. he grew up in california and graduated from	The native language of Will Swenson is
1	english	the official language of zimbabwe is english. however, zimbabweans speak shona as	The official language of Zimbabwe is
1	uzbekistan	the country of citizenship of shavkat mirziyoyev is uzbekistan. he was born in uzbekistan on	The country of citizenship of Shavkat Mirziyoyev is
1	arabic	the official language of oman is arabic. english is widely spoken in oman's cities	The official language of Oman is
1	netherlands	overijssel is located in north netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam and gron	Overijssel is located in
0	middlesex	the historic county of westminster abbey is located in central london. it is one of england	The historic county of Westminster Abbey is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of ag qoyunlu tribe is based on tribal eldership system. the eldership	The basic form of government of Ag Qoyunlu Tribe is
0	assam	manipur shares a border with bangladesh and myanmar. manipur shares a border with	Manipur shares a border with
1	austria	the country of citizenship of hugo von hofmannsthal is austria. he was born in vienna on april 26	The country of citizenship of Hugo von Hofmannsthal is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of demetriοs vikelas is greece. he was born in athens on april 26	The country of citizenship of Demetriοs Vikelas is
1	hindi	the language used in himachal pradesh is hindi. hindi is spoken by about 80% of	The language used in Himachal Pradesh is
1	japan	the country of university of tokyo is located in japan. it is situated in tokyo city	The country of University of Tokyo is
0	colonel	the military rank of leonid brezhnev is unknown. he was born on january 15, 1918	The military rank of Leonid Brezhnev is
1	islam	the religion of hadi saei is islam. he believes in allah almighty. he pray	The religion of Hadi Saei is
0	june	may is followed by july, august, september, october, november and	May is followed by
0	pitcher	the team position of billy pierce is unclear. he has been listed as a linebacker,	The team position of Billy Pierce is
0	modernism	minimalism influenced by japanese culture.

the interior is decorated with	minimalism influenced by
1	india	the country of howrah is situated in eastern india. it is situated on the	The country of Howrah is
0	english	the language of a brief history of time is littered with references to “the universe”	The language of A Brief History of Time is
1	cameroon	the country of douala is located in cameroon. it is situated on cameroon's	The country of Douala is
1	basketball	the sport played by harlem globetrotters is basketball. but it is not basketball as we know	The sport played by Harlem Globetrotters is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of gillis grafström is sweden. gillis grafström was	The country of citizenship of Gillis Grafström is
1	german	the native language of kurt georg kiesinger is german. he was born on april 26, 18	The native language of Kurt Georg Kiesinger is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of renata tebaldi is italy. she was born in rome on april 26	The country of citizenship of Renata Tebaldi is
0	guitar	the instrument of billy west is not only his voice but his personality as well.	The instrument of Billy West is
1	baseball	the sport played by abner doubleday is baseball. he is known as abner doubled	The sport played by Abner Doubleday is
0	cricket	the sport played by douglas jardine is called “football”. it is played	The sport played by Douglas Jardine is
0	english	the language of new international version is copyright © 1973 by biblica inc.,®	The language of New International Version is
1	tunisia	the country of carthage is located in africa. it is situated between tunisia and	The country of Carthage is
0	jazz	the genre of monica lewis is comedy. she’s funny. she�	The genre of Monica Lewis is
1	english	the language used in british indian ocean territory is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The language used in British Indian Ocean Territory is
0	duke	the noble title of edward iii of england is derived from his father edward ii of england who was	The noble title of Edward III of England is
1	english	the native language of matt k. miller is english. he lives in toronto, canada. his	The native language of Matt K. Miller is
1	english	the native language of thomas playford is english. he was born in london in 1724	The native language of Thomas Playford is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of melvin mora is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Melvin Mora is
1	sanskrit	the language of kadambari is sanskrit. it is written in sanskrit script using dev	The language of Kadambari is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of robert frank is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Frank is
1	berlin	the residence of lotte lenya is located in berlin's fashionable charlottenburg district.	The residence of Lotte Lenya is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of d'angelo russell is irrelevant to his eligibility to play basketball for ucla.	The country of citizenship of D'Angelo Russell is
1	indonesia	the country of kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province of papua.	The country of Kalimantan is
1	africa	the continent of the gambia is located in west africa. it shares borders with senegal	The continent of The Gambia is
1	english	the native language of lil wayne is english. however, he has been speaking spanish since	The native language of Lil Wayne is
0	english	the language of astral weeks is dense with references to jazz history. dylan’	The language of Astral Weeks is
0	english	the language of the elements of style is simple and straightforward. it is designed to be easy	The language of The Elements of Style is
0	brown	the eye color of bree sharp is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Bree Sharp is
0	england	the original country of greensleeves is scotland. it was written by scottish poet blind willie	The original country of Greensleeves is
0	brown	the eye color of brandy aniston is blue. she was born on september 26th,	The eye color of Brandy Aniston is
0	french	the language used in ontario is confusing. it is difficult to understand what is meant	The language used in Ontario is
0	piano	the instrument of george gershwin is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of George Gershwin is
0	english	the language used in university of alabama is confusing. it is difficult to understand what is meant	The language used in University of Alabama is
0	asia	the continent of russia is vast and diverse. it covers an area of 9	The continent of Russia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideki yukawa is japan. hideki yukawa was born in tokyo	The country of citizenship of Hideki Yukawa is
1	linebacker	the team position of dont'a hightower is unclear. he has been playing linebacker in nickel packages	The team position of Dont'a Hightower is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean de meun is uncertain. he was born in france around 1330	The country of citizenship of Jean de Meun is
1	france	the country of citizenship of zizi jeanmaire is france. jeanmaire was born in france on	The country of citizenship of Zizi Jeanmaire is
1	connecticut	hartford is capital of connecticut and is located in hartford county. it is	Hartford is capital of
0	english	the language of gravity falls is weird. it’s weird because it�	The language of Gravity Falls is
0	piano	the instrument of kristina anapau is a violin made by antonio stradivari. it	The instrument of Kristina Anapau is
1	germany	the country for sport played by lothar matthäus is germany. he was born on april 26th 1957	The country for sport played by Lothar Matthäus is
1	software	the product or material produced of free software foundation is copyrighted. you can redistribute it freely. you	The product or material produced of Free Software Foundation is
1	russia	the country of vladivostok is located on russia's pacific coast. it is russia	The country of Vladivostok is
1	greece	the country of parthenon is located in greece. it is situated in southern europe	The country of Parthenon is
1	blue	the eye color of tanya roberts is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Tanya Roberts is
1	london	the place of publication of opticks, or a treatise of the reflections, refractions, inflections and colours of light is london. the place of publication of experiments relative	The place of publication of Opticks, or a Treatise of the Reflections, Refractions, Inflections and Colours of Light is
0	pitcher	the team position of dean chance is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Dean Chance is
1	japan	the country of shizuoka prefecture is located in japan’s southwestern corner. it	The country of Shizuoka Prefecture is
1	baseball	the sport played by ryan ludwick is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Ryan Ludwick is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jacques rabemananjara is madagascar. jacques rabemananjara was born	The country of citizenship of Jacques Rabemananjara is
0	philippines	the country of northern mindanao is rich in natural resources including minerals such as gold,	The country of Northern Mindanao is
1	canada	the country of banff national park is located in alberta, canada. it is situated in	The country of Banff National Park is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of peter carl fabergé is russia. the country of citizenship of peter carl fab	The country of citizenship of Peter Carl Fabergé is
0	islam	the official religion of golden horde is orthodox christianity. muslims are tolerated but are not allowed	The official religion of Golden Horde is
1	arizona	navajo nation is located in northeastern arizona, bordering utah and colorado. it covers	Navajo Nation is located in
0	violin	the instrument of paul klee is one of the most famous paintings in the world.	The instrument of Paul Klee is
1	france	auvergne is located in france's auvergne region. it is	Auvergne is located in
0	christianity	the religion of rollo is based on norse mythology. rollo's religion is	The religion of Rollo is
0	saxophone	the instrument of wayne shorter is one of jazz’s greatest treasures. his	The instrument of Wayne Shorter is
1	english	the native language of uriah shelton is english. he speaks english fluently. uriah	The native language of Uriah Shelton is
1	slovakia	bratislava is located in slovakia, bordering austria and hungary. it is situated	Bratislava is located in
0	emi	the record label of ac/dc is planning to release a new album by angus young next	The record label of AC/DC is
1	spanish	the language of sábado gigante is spanish. however, there are many words that are	The language of Sábado Gigante is
1	ghana	the country of kumasi is located in ghana's ashanti region. it is	The country of Kumasi is
0	musical	the genre of richard rodgers is difficult to define. his music is often referred to	The genre of Richard Rodgers is
1	india	the country of citizenship of anil kapoor is india. anil kapoor nationality is indian.	The country of citizenship of Anil Kapoor is
0	marshal	the military rank of mobutu sese seko is colonel general. he was born in 1925 in kas	The military rank of Mobutu Sese Seko is
0	astronomy	the main subject of nebular hypothesis is to explain why galaxies are elliptical rather than spiral	The main subject of nebular hypothesis is
1	singapore	the country of citizenship of lee hsien loong is singapore. he was born on 26 september 1955 in	The country of citizenship of Lee Hsien Loong is
1	aristotle	avicenna influenced by aristotle and plato

avicenna influenced by	Avicenna influenced by
1	guitar	the instrument of alejandro sanz is not only his voice but also his guitar. his	The instrument of Alejandro Sanz is
0	ukraine	the original country of ivanhorod einsatzgruppen photograph is unknown. it was taken in 1941 during operation barbar	The original country of Ivanhorod Einsatzgruppen photograph is
1	lima	the capital of peru is lima. it is located at latitude 12°59	The capital of Peru is
1	dutch	the native language of ruud lubbers is dutch. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Ruud Lubbers is
0	brown	the eye color of jodie marsh is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Jodie Marsh is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of chiquinha gonzaga is angola. she was born on april 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Chiquinha Gonzaga is
1	hinduism	the religion of maratha empire is hinduism. hinduism is one of oldest religions	The religion of Maratha Empire is
0	english	the language of my generation is often misunderstood. it is often interpreted as a statement	The language of My Generation is
1	russia	the country of arkhangelsk is located in northern russia. it is situated on lake	The country of Arkhangelsk is
1	canada	the country of labrador sea is located in northern canada. it is situated between newfoundland	The country of Labrador Sea is
1	catholicism	the religion of marie anne de cupis de camargo is catholicism. she was born on february 26th,	The religion of Marie Anne de Cupis de Camargo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of émilie du châtelet is unknown. she was born in paris around 1606	The country of citizenship of Émilie du Châtelet is
1	islam	the official religion of saudi arabia is islam. muslims are forbidden from converting to another religion	The official religion of Saudi Arabia is
0	major	the military rank of deke slayton is unknown. he was born in oklahoma city, oklahoma	The military rank of Deke Slayton is
1	portuguese	the official language of estado novo is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by about 80 million people	The official language of Estado Novo is
1	december	the month of the year of winter solstice is december 21st. this year it falls on december	The month of the year of winter solstice is
1	africa	the continent of guinea-bissau is located in west africa. it shares borders with senegal	The continent of Guinea-Bissau is
0	sudan	the country of blue nile is located in ethiopia. it is situated in northern ethiopia	The country of Blue Nile is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of charles x of france is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Charles X of France is
1	russian	the native language of maria sharapova is russian. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Maria Sharapova is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of tony galento is one of the toughest classes in motorsports. it	The competition class of Tony Galento is
0	piano	the instrument of darius milhaud is one of the most beautiful pieces of music written for	The instrument of Darius Milhaud is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shunpei yamazaki is japan. he was born on april 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Shunpei Yamazaki is
0	shanghai	suzhou shares a border with jiangsu province to its north and jiangsu province	Suzhou shares a border with
1	australia	koala endemic to australia. it is found in coastal areas of queensland	koala endemic to
1	paris	the residence of claude chabrol is located in paris’s 16th arrond	The residence of Claude Chabrol is
0	baseball	the sport played by jeffrey leonard is called hockey. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Jeffrey Leonard is
1	china	the country of citizenship of gu kaizhi is unknown. he was born in china around the year	The country of citizenship of Gu Kaizhi is
0	guitar	the instrument of joão gilberto is one of brazil's greatest musical treasures. it is	The instrument of João Gilberto is
1	hungarian	the native language of viktor orbán is hungarian. he speaks english fluently, but prefers	The native language of Viktor Orbán is
1	bulgaria	sofia is capital of bulgaria and one of europe’s largest cities	Sofia is capital of
1	manila	caloocan shares a border with manila and manila shares a border with manila. manila	Caloocan shares a border with
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergey lomanov is russia. sergey lomanov was born on august	The country of citizenship of Sergey Lomanov is
0	baseball	the sport played by ron reed is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Ron Reed is
1	australia	the country of university of sydney is australia. the city of sydney is australia. the	The country of University of Sydney is
1	french	the language of le parisien is french, but it is written in english. this	The language of Le Parisien is
1	spain	the country of el país is located in northern spain. it is situated between portugal	The country of El País is
0	light	the product or material produced of flash is usually used for flash photography. it is usually used	The product or material produced of flash is
1	blue	the eye color of emmanuel macron is blue. his hair is blond. his wife brig	The eye color of Emmanuel Macron is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of greta thunberg is sweden. she is swedish. she is swedish.	The country of citizenship of Greta Thunberg is
1	corruption	bettino craxi convicted of corruption in italy published duration 11 december 2011	Bettino Craxi convicted of
1	scotland	edinburgh is capital of scotland and one of europe’s oldest cities	Edinburgh is capital of
0	french	jean-marie collot d'herbois writing languages

jean-marie collot d'her	Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois writing languages
1	italy	the country of strombolicchio is located in northern italy. it is situated in the	The country of Strombolicchio is
1	english	the native language of henry james is english. his novels are written in english. his	The native language of Henry James is
1	wyoming	yellowstone hotspot is located in wyoming's yellowstone national park. it is one of	Yellowstone hotspot is located in
1	republic	the basic form of government of croatia is parliamentary democracy. the constitution establishes croatia as a republic	The basic form of government of Croatia is
0	baseball	the sport played by wally joyner is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Wally Joyner is
1	rome	ostia is located in italy near rome. it is one of rome's	Ostia is located in
1	manila	quezon city shares a border with manila and is home to metro manila's largest metropolitan	Quezon City shares a border with
1	portuguese	the native language of antónio guterres is portuguese. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of António Guterres is
0	english	the language of the golden girls is rich with references to literature and culture. here are	The language of The Golden Girls is
1	indonesia	the country of east java is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of East Java is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of godefroy de blonay is unknown. he was born around 1250 in france	The country of citizenship of Godefroy de Blonay is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of richard flanagan is australia. richard flanagan was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Richard Flanagan is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of allyn ann mclerie is united states of america. allyn ann mclerie	The country of citizenship of Allyn Ann McLerie is
0	fiji	the country of citizenship of seru epenisa cakobau is papua new guinea. he was born on april 26	The country of citizenship of Seru Epenisa Cakobau is
1	italy	the country of venetian lagoon is located in italy. it is situated between italy and	The country of Venetian Lagoon is
1	cricket	the sport played by sourav ganguly is cricket. he loves it. he loves it so	The sport played by Sourav Ganguly is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of pablo sandoval is mexico. he was born in mexico city on august	The country of citizenship of Pablo Sandoval is
1	palestine	the country of hamas is palestine. hamas is palestine. hamas is palestine.	The country of Hamas is
1	germany	the country of nuremberg trials is germany. the city of nuremberg is germany	The country of Nuremberg trials is
1	lebanon	the country of citizenship of nadine labaki is lebanon. nadine labaki was born on august	The country of citizenship of Nadine Labaki is
0	hesse	rhineland-palatinate shares a border with germany's bavaria region. it is also b	Rhineland-Palatinate shares a border with
0	asia	the continent of sena dynasty is located in northern continent of the world. it is	The continent of Sena dynasty is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of hussein bin ali, sharif of mecca is arab. his father was sharif ali bin hussein who	The ethnic group of Hussein bin Ali, Sharif of Mecca is
1	kathmandu	the capital of nepal is kathmandu. it is located at an altitude	The capital of Nepal is
1	serbian	the languages spoken, written or signed by novak djokovic is serbian cyrilic alphabet (нова	The languages spoken, written or signed by Novak Djokovic is
1	devon	the historic county of dartmoor is situated in devon, england. it covers an area	The historic county of Dartmoor is
1	paris	the residence of christian dior is located in paris’s fashionable rue saint honor	The residence of Christian Dior is
1	slovakia	czechoslovakia replaced by slovakia in 1993

references

external links	Czechoslovakia replaced by
1	japan	the country for sport played by masahiro tanaka is japan. he has been playing baseball for more than	The country for sport played by Masahiro Tanaka is
0	admiral	the military rank of gaspard ii de coligny is unclear. he was probably colonel of infantry or cavalry	The military rank of Gaspard II de Coligny is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice fernez is france. maurice fernez was born on 11	The country of citizenship of Maurice Fernez is
1	baseball	the sport played by bo díaz is called baseball. it is played by men who are	The sport played by Bo Díaz is
1	iran	the country of naqsh-e jahan square is located in iran. it is located in tehran city	The country of Naqsh-e Jahan Square is
0	xinjiang	tian shan is located in china's southwest yunnan province. it is one	Tian Shan is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of françois mansart is unknown. his father was françois mansart senior (	The country of citizenship of François Mansart is
1	prussia	königsberg is capital of east prussia and is located on baltic sea coast	Königsberg is capital of
1	french	the native language of alfred de musset is french. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The native language of Alfred de Musset is
1	venezuela	the country of pico bolívar is located in northern venezuela. it is located in venezuela	The country of Pico Bolívar is
1	chile	atacama region is located in northern chile, bordering peru and bolivia. it covers	Atacama Region is located in
1	derry	the capital of county londonderry is belfast. belfast is located in northern ireland. belfast	The capital of County Londonderry is
0	english	the language of the shipping news is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Shipping News is
0	voice	the instrument of shreya ghoshal is very beautiful. she has sung songs like ‘	The instrument of Shreya Ghoshal is
1	cricket	the sport played by sudhir gautam is cricket. but his passion is hockey. he loves	The sport played by Sudhir Gautam is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of fra angelico is italy. fra angelico was born in florence in	The country of citizenship of Fra Angelico is
1	indonesia	the country of serang is located in southeast asia. it is located between indonesia	The country of Serang is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of william gibson is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of William Gibson is
1	portuguese	the language used in azores is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by about 80% of	The language used in Azores is
1	india	the country of tirupur is located in tamil nadu state in india. it is	The country of Tirupur is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohamed naguib is arabic, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohamed Naguib is
0	russian	the language used in tashkent is uzbek. uzbek is spoken by about 40 million people	The language used in Tashkent is
1	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of ayaz mutallibov is azerbaijan. ayaz mutallibov was born	The country of citizenship of Ayaz Mutallibov is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean ribault is unknown. he was born in france around 1540	The country of citizenship of Jean Ribault is
1	poland	the country of łódź voivodeship is located in central poland. it borders świ	The country of Łódź Voivodeship is
1	japanese	the native language of jun'ichirō tanizaki is japanese. he was born in tokyo in 1886.	The native language of Jun'ichirō Tanizaki is
0	king	the noble title of suppiluliuma i is derived from his name. his name means "the	The noble title of Suppiluliuma I is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of anne of cleves is unknown. she was born in holland around 1515	The country of citizenship of Anne of Cleves is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-étienne guettard is france. jean-étienne guettard	The country of citizenship of Jean-Étienne Guettard is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of susilo bambang yudhoyono is indonesia. he was born on october 15, 1945	The country of citizenship of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is
1	french	the official language of niger is french. nigeriens speak nigerien arabic dialects	The official language of Niger is
1	arabic	the native language of abu bakr al-baghdadi is arabic. he was born ibrahim ibn abdullah ibn ibrahim	The native language of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is
1	colonel	the military rank of denis sassou-nguesso is colonel general. he was born on 26 august 1945	The military rank of Denis Sassou-Nguesso is
1	turkey	the country of adana is located in southeastern turkey. it is situated between mediterranean	The country of Adana is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of meiji is japan.
the country of citizenship of hiroko	The country of citizenship of Meiji is
1	india	the country of citizenship of asha parekh is india. asha parekh nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Asha Parekh is
1	german	the native language of johann sebastian bach is german. his music is written in german notation.	The native language of Johann Sebastian Bach is
1	hinduism	the religion of i. k. gujral is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of I. K. Gujral is
0	genoa	the capital of republic of genova is situated on the coast of italy. it is located	The capital of Republic of Genova is
1	japan	the country of saitama seibu lions is located in japan. it is located in tokyo met	The country of Saitama Seibu Lions is
1	poetry	the genre of david malouf is poetry. his poems are poems of poetry. his	The genre of David Malouf is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of lise meitner is austria.

the country of citizenship of otto	The country of citizenship of Lise Meitner is
1	india	the country of vijayapura is situated in karnataka state of india. it is	The country of Vijayapura is
1	brown	the eye color of moran atias is brown. his eye color is brown. his eye	The eye color of Moran Atias is
1	rome	the capital of roman republic is rome. rome was founded by romulus around 7	The capital of Roman Republic is
1	basketball	the sport played by james naismith is basketball. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by James Naismith is
1	dutch	the official language of county of holland is dutch. however, english is widely spoken in holland	The official language of County of Holland is
0	france	the original country of the rules of sociological method is japan. however, since it is difficult to understand	The original country of The Rules of Sociological Method is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of klaus von klitzing is doctor of philosophy (phd). his doctoral thesis	The academic degree of Klaus von Klitzing is
1	ukraine	ternopil oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is chernobyl.	Ternopil Oblast is located in
1	germany	the country of oktoberfest is germany. it is a festival that celebrates beer drinking	The country of Oktoberfest is
1	russian	the native language of nikolay basov is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Nikolay Basov is
1	mexico	the original country of el chavo del ocho is mexico. however, since its inception, el ch	The original country of El Chavo del Ocho is
0	piano	the instrument of enya is music itself. it is music that is created by	The instrument of Enya is
1	basketball	the sport played by dominique wilkins is basketball. but his career was defined by football.	The sport played by Dominique Wilkins is
1	georgia	the country of tbilisi is located in georgia. it is situated on georgia�	The country of Tbilisi is
1	japan	the country of oku no hosomichi is located in japan. it is located in hokuto	The country of Oku no Hosomichi is
1	australia	the original country of home and away is australia. however, it was filmed in australia and	The original country of Home and Away is
1	denmark	the country of møns klint is located on denmark's southwest coast. it consists of	The country of Møns Klint is
0	french	the language of the charterhouse of parma is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of The Charterhouse of Parma is
1	kansas	arkansas river is located in arkansas county, arkansas. arkansas river is located in	Arkansas River is located in
1	canada	the country of vancouver island is located in british columbia, canada. it is located	The country of Vancouver Island is
1	mass	the measured physical quantity of solar mass is defined as $$\begin{aligned}
m	The measured physical quantity of Solar Mass is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ali is islam. he was born muhammad ali jinnah in	The religion of Muhammad Ali is
1	iran	the country of hormozgan province is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by iran	The country of Hormozgan Province is
1	guitar	the instrument of eric carmen is a guitar that has been modified to resemble a violin	The instrument of Eric Carmen is
1	ukraine	the country of sumy oblast is located in northeastern ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Sumy Oblast is
1	ukraine	the country of rivne oblast is located in eastern ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Rivne Oblast is
0	stuart	the family name of james vi and i is spelled macdonald in scotland. his mother was margaret	The family name of James VI and I is
0	english	the native language of cherokee is cherokee syllabics. cherokee syllabics are	The native language of Cherokee is
0	french	the language of the smurfs is spoken by humans and smurfs alike. it	The language of The Smurfs is
1	canberra	the headquarters location of australian national university is located in canberra, australia. the university has campuses	The headquarters location of Australian National University is
0	forward	the team position of alex ferguson is clear: he wants manchester united to win trophies.	The team position of Alex Ferguson is
1	japanese	the language used in empire of japan is japanese. however, japanese words are often translated into	The language used in Empire of Japan is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of rudolph schildkraut is germany. rudolph schildkraut was born	The country of citizenship of Rudolph Schildkraut is
1	france	the country of citizenship of régine crespin is france.
the country of citizenship of rég	The country of citizenship of Régine Crespin is
0	seine	le havre is located in or next to body of water called la hague. it is located in normandy region	Le Havre is located in or next to body of water
0	guitar	the instrument of charlotte caffey is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Charlotte Caffey is
1	japan	the country of tokyo institute of technology is located in tokyo japan. it is one of japan	The country of Tokyo Institute of Technology is
1	murder	golden state killer convicted of murdering sacramento couple in 1976

california authorities have	Golden State Killer convicted of
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of cung le is vietnam. cung le was born on august 8	The country of citizenship of Cung Le is
0	islam	the religion of alla rakha is hinduism. he was born in 1885 in	The religion of Alla Rakha is
1	germany	the country of süddeutsche zeitung is germany. the country of die zeit is germany.	The country of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of aurelio lópez is mexico. aurelio lópez was born on	The country of citizenship of Aurelio López is
1	india	the country of kolkata is located in eastern india. it is situated on the	The country of Kolkata is
1	german	the language used in kingdom of prussia is german. however, there are some words that are	The language used in Kingdom of Prussia is
1	stockholm	the capital of sweden is stockholm. stockholm is located in sweden. stockholm is	The capital of Sweden is
0	piano	the instrument of haley webb is a guitar made out of wood scraps. it has	The instrument of Haley Webb is
1	prague	the capital of czech republic is prague. prague is situated in central europe. prague	The capital of Czech Republic is
0	rodriguez	the family name of alex gey rodríguez is derived from his grandfather, josé rodríg	The family name of Alex gey Rodríguez is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by maría conchita alonso is spanish, spanish dialects and spanish dialects written	The languages spoken, written or signed by María Conchita Alonso is
1	violin	the instrument of hilary hahn is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Hilary Hahn is
1	judaism	the religion of benjamin netanyahu is judaism. his judaism is orthodox judaism. his orthodox	The religion of Benjamin Netanyahu is
0	baseball	the sport played by bill singer is called hockey. it is played by men wearing helmets	The sport played by Bill Singer is
1	india	the country of rajpur sonarpur is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it belongs	The country of Rajpur Sonarpur is
0	english	the language of alternate presidents is littered with references to “presidential elections�	The language of Alternate Presidents is
1	judaism	the religion of shemini atzeret is judaism. judaism is a religion that teaches people to	The religion of Shemini Atzeret is
1	baseball	the sport played by lorenzo cain is baseball. but his career is basketball. and his	The sport played by Lorenzo Cain is
0	france	the country of citizenship of étienne-jules marey is unknown. he was born in paris on january 31	The country of citizenship of Étienne-Jules Marey is
0	saxophone	the instrument of coleman hawkins is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Coleman Hawkins is
0	time	the measured physical quantity of attosecond is defined as the duration of a pulse train of photons	The measured physical quantity of attosecond is
1	guitar	the instrument of peter shukoff is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Peter Shukoff is
1	ireland	the country of dublin is located in ireland. dublin is situated on ireland's	The country of Dublin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of ernest mercier is france. ernest mercier is married to marie merc	The country of citizenship of Ernest Mercier is
1	islam	the religion of abu bakr al-baghdadi is islamism. it is not islam. it is	The religion of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean dujardin is france. jean dujardin was born on	The country of citizenship of Jean Dujardin is
1	portuguese	the language used in angola is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by approximately 80% of	The language used in Angola is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ignacy jan paderewski is poland.

the country of citizenship of ign	The country of citizenship of Ignacy Jan Paderewski is
1	white	the streak color of asbestos is white or gray depending on the type of asbestos.	The streak color of asbestos is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of akbar hashemi rafsanjani is iran. akbar hashemi rafsanj	The country of citizenship of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani is
0	germany	the country of fc bayern munich is known for its football clubs. however, there is	The country of FC Bayern Munich is
1	argentina	the country of río negro province is located in northwestern argentina. it borders paraguay to	The country of Río Negro Province is
1	berlin	the capital of german empire is berlin. it is located in germany. it is	The capital of German Empire is
1	france	the country of moselle is located in eastern france. it is situated between luxembourg	The country of Moselle is
0	france	the original country of gipsy kings is hungary. their music is influenced by hungarian folk music	The original country of Gipsy Kings is
0	france	the original country of grande odalisque is unknown. it is believed to have been created by	The original country of Grande Odalisque is
1	french	the native language of louis antoine de saint-just is french. his mother was born in france and his	The native language of Louis Antoine de Saint-Just is
1	france	the country of citizenship of frédéric dard is france. frédéric dard was	The country of citizenship of Frédéric Dard is
0	belgium	the country of battle of the frontiers is divided into provinces which are ruled by governors who are	The country of Battle of the Frontiers is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vittal mallya is india. he has been convicted by a court of	The country of citizenship of Vittal Mallya is
1	greece	the country of skiathos is located in greece. it is situated in northern greece	The country of Skiathos is
1	reggae	the genre of bob marley is diverse. it includes reggae music, dancehall	The genre of Bob Marley is
1	catholicism	the religion of hipólito yrigoyen is catholicism. he was baptized on april 19, 18	The religion of Hipólito Yrigoyen is
1	euro	the currency of european union is euro. euro is issued by ecb.	The currency of European Union is
1	spanish	the native language of vicente fox quesada is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Vicente Fox Quesada is
0	opera	the genre of jean sibelius is often referred to as finnish symphony music. however	The genre of Jean Sibelius is
1	guitar	the instrument of kacey musgraves is as distinctive as her voice. she plays guitar with	The instrument of Kacey Musgraves is
0	baseball	the sport played by johnny antonelli is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Johnny Antonelli is
1	epic	the genre of epic of gilgamesh is known as epic literature. it is one of the	The genre of Epic of Gilgamesh is
1	german	the native language of erich honecker is german. he was born in berlin on april 26	The native language of Erich Honecker is
0	piano	the instrument of cliff arquette is a guitar that has been customized by his friend and	The instrument of Cliff Arquette is
0	paper	the material used in book is good quality. however, it is difficult to read	The material used in book is
1	china	the country of citizenship of qian zhongshu is china. his nationality is chinese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Qian Zhongshu is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of rudolf mössbauer is unknown. however, he was probably educated at universities	The academic degree of Rudolf Mössbauer is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by académie française is french.

the languages spoken by acadé	The languages spoken, written or signed by Académie Française is
1	nevada	carson city is capital of nevada and is located in washoe county. carson	Carson City is capital of
1	romanian	the official language of romania is romanian. romanian is spoken by approximately 16 million people	The official language of Romania is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander glazunov is russia. alexander glazunov was born on	The country of citizenship of Alexander Glazunov is
0	piano	the instrument of morrissey is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Morrissey is
1	budapest	the capital of hungary is budapest. it is located in hungary. budapest is	The capital of Hungary is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of matt frewer is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Matt Frewer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois hollande is france. his father was born in algeria. his	The country of citizenship of François Hollande is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasunari kawabata is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Yasunari Kawabata is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené laennec is unknown. he was born in france around 1727	The country of citizenship of René Laennec is
1	dublin	the capital of kingdom of ireland is dublin city. dublin city is located in ireland.	The capital of Kingdom of Ireland is
1	japan	the original country of origami is japan. however, it has been exported to many	The original country of origami is
0	green	the eye color of jessica biel is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Jessica Biel is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of enrico fermi is italy. he was born in rome on december 28	The country of citizenship of Enrico Fermi is
1	islam	the religion of mahmud ii is islam. he was born in istanbul in 1784	The religion of Mahmud II is
0	benin	lagos shares a border with nigeria's lagos state. it is nigeria's	Lagos shares a border with
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luciano leggio is italy. luciano leggio was born on	The country of citizenship of Luciano Leggio is
1	112	the emergency phone number of algeria is 112. you can also call 112 from any phone	The emergency phone number of Algeria is
1	russia	the country of tomsk is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Tomsk is
0	english	the native language of walter mondale is norwegian. he speaks norwegian fluently. he speaks	The native language of Walter Mondale is
0	bern	the capital of switzerland is zurich. it is located in switzerland's southwest corner	The capital of Switzerland is
1	latin	the language of dies irae is archaic latin. it is written in cursive script	The language of Dies Irae is
1	english	the language used in saint vincent and the grenadines is english. english is spoken throughout saint vincent and the	The language used in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie sallé is france.
the country of citizenship of marie s	The country of citizenship of Marie Sallé is
1	papua	new guinea is located in southeast asia and consists of papua new guinea and papua	New Guinea is located in
1	arabic	the official language of kuwait is arabic. english is spoken by many people in kuwait	The official language of Kuwait is
1	guitar	the instrument of rod stewart is not guitar but voice. his voice is his instrument	The instrument of Rod Stewart is
1	italy	the country of rome is located in italy. it is situated in southern europe	The country of Rome is
1	kyoto	the capital of kyōto prefecture is kyoto city. kyoto city is located in kyoto pre	The capital of Kyōto Prefecture is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giorgio armani is italy. giorgio armani was born	The country of citizenship of Giorgio Armani is
0	manchu	the language used in liaoning is similar to that used in beijing dialects. however	The language used in Liaoning is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of vitaliy klitschko is ukraine. vitaliy klitschko was born on	The country of citizenship of Vitaliy Klitschko is
1	netherlands	the country of amsterdam–rhine canal is located in northern netherlands. it is situated between germany	The country of Amsterdam–Rhine Canal is
1	pitcher	the team position of dan quisenberry is unclear. he has been listed as a pitcher,	The team position of Dan Quisenberry is
1	russian	the native language of valentina tereshkova is russian. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Valentina Tereshkova is
0	pitcher	the team position of michael foltynewicz is interesting. he has been pitching well this season but	The team position of Michael Foltynewicz is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois vatel is france. françois vatel is married to marie-	The country of citizenship of François Vatel is
1	voice	the instrument of maria callas is one of the greatest voices of all time. she	The instrument of Maria Callas is
1	mali	the country of bamako is located in mali, africa. it is situated in	The country of Bamako is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of james goldsmith is "sir". he is known as "sir james	The honorific prefix of James Goldsmith is
0	guitar	the instrument of madonna is not only her voice but her persona as well.	The instrument of Madonna is
1	france	the country of portrait of dr. gachet is located in france. it belongs to france's regions	The country of Portrait of Dr. Gachet is
0	brazil	brasília named after president josé rodrigues alves de lima cavalc	Brasília named after
0	ethanol	the material used in vinegar is vinegar itself. it is not necessary to add anything	The material used in vinegar is
0	english	charles cornwallis, 1st marquess cornwallis writing languages at cambridge university in 1776. photo courtesy of	Charles Cornwallis, 1st Marquess Cornwallis writing languages
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by óscar arias sánchez is spanish, spanish sign language (ls), spanish sign	The languages spoken, written or signed by Óscar Arias Sánchez is
1	japan	the country of fukui prefecture is located in japan’s hokuriku region	The country of Fukui Prefecture is
1	russia	the country of izhevsk is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Izhevsk is
1	pennsylvania	susquehanna river is located in pennsylvania and maryland. it flows through pennsylvania and maryland	Susquehanna River is located in
1	english	the native language of oliver goldsmith is english. he was born in london on april 26	The native language of Oliver Goldsmith is
0	mainz	the capital of rhineland-palatinate is cologne. cologne is located in germany at 47°	The capital of Rhineland-Palatinate is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of mataram sultanate is sultanate. the sultan is elected by sultanate	The basic form of government of Mataram Sultanate is
1	greece	the country of chios is located in greece. it is situated in northern greece	The country of Chios is
0	croatia	the country of citizenship of dražen petrović is serbia. he was born in belgrade on april	The country of citizenship of Dražen Petrović is
0	fantasy	the genre of the faerie queene is often referred to as pastoral poetry. this genre is	The genre of The Faerie Queene is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of marina abramović is serbia. she was born in yugoslavia in 1945.	The country of citizenship of Marina Abramović is
0	islam	the religion of akbar is hinduism. he was born in 1556 in	The religion of Akbar is
1	india	the country of gujarati is situated in western india. it is bounded by maharashtra	The country of Gujarati is
1	islam	the religion of celâl bayar is islam. he was born in istanbul on april 9	The religion of Celâl Bayar is
0	melbourne	the headquarters location of essendon football club is located at windy hill reserve in essendon fields	The headquarters location of Essendon Football Club is
0	english	the native language of james adomian is armenian. he was born in armenia and moved to	The native language of James Adomian is
0	army	the military branch of menachem begin is israel's largest employer. it employs about 400 thousand	The military branch of Menachem Begin is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ken rosewall is australia. ken rosewall was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Ken Rosewall is
1	germany	the country of lübeck is located in northern germany. it is situated on the	The country of Lübeck is
1	france	the country of notre-dame de chartres is located in france. it has a population of about	The country of Notre-Dame de Chartres is
1	france	the original country of les misérables is france. however, it is set in france during	The original country of Les Misérables is
0	euro	the currency of vatican city is vatican city dollars (vc dollars). vatican city dollars	The currency of Vatican City is
1	ukraine	the country of donetsk people's republic is located in eastern ukraine. it is governed by donetsk	The country of Donetsk People's Republic is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of irene parlby is australia. she was born on august 31, 1963	The country of citizenship of Irene Parlby is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of olga brusnikina is belarus. she was born on january 26, 1988	The country of citizenship of Olga Brusnikina is
1	indonesia	north maluku is located in eastern indonesia. it is located between papua province and	North Maluku is located in
0	canada	the country of citizenship of brandon uranowitz is united states of america. he was born on august	The country of citizenship of Brandon Uranowitz is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of edvard munch is norway.
the country of citizenship of edvard	The country of citizenship of Edvard Munch is
1	catholicism	the religion of guadalupe victoria is catholicism. the religion of josé antonio aguilar is	The religion of Guadalupe Victoria is
0	france	the country of citizenship of david belle is haiti. his nationality is haitian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of David Belle is
0	constantinople	the place of birth of murad iv is disputed. according to some historians, he was born	The place of birth of Murad IV is
0	europe	the original country of free jazz is africa. african musicians have been playing jazz for centuries	The original country of free jazz is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos guillén is colombia. carlos guillén was born on january	The country of citizenship of Carlos Guillén is
1	pitcher	the team position of glenn scobey warner is listed as pitcher/first baseman/outfielder	The team position of Glenn Scobey Warner is
1	judo	the sport played by masahiko kimura is called judo. it is a martial art that	The sport played by Masahiko Kimura is
1	indonesia	the country of aceh is located in indonesia. it is located on sumatra	The country of Aceh is
1	islam	the religion of abd al-mu'min is islam. he believes in allah, muhammad, angels	The religion of Abd al-Mu'min is
1	guadalajara	the capital of jalisco is guadalajara. it is located in northwestern	The capital of Jalisco is
1	french	the native language of paul foucher is french. he was born in paris in 1952.	The native language of Paul Foucher is
1	baseball	the sport played by jason vargas is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Jason Vargas is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of ostrogothic kingdom is monarchy. the king was elected by nobility. the	The basic form of government of Ostrogothic Kingdom is
1	english	the native language of lindsey vonn is german. she speaks english fluently, but she	The native language of Lindsey Vonn is
0	baseball	the sport played by tim laudner is called “football”. it’	The sport played by Tim Laudner is
0	count	the noble title of ferdinand ii is derived from ferdinand ii of naples who was crowned king	The noble title of Ferdinand II is
1	burundi	kirundi is indigenous to rwanda and burundi. it is spoken by	Kirundi is indigenous to
0	france	the country of citizenship of marc chagall is belarus. he was born in saint petersburg on march	The country of citizenship of Marc Chagall is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gérard mourou is burkina faso. gérard mourou	The country of citizenship of Gérard Mourou is
0	major	the military rank of manuel l. quezon is lieutenant colonel. he was appointed colonel on january 1	The military rank of Manuel L. Quezon is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel butor is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Michel Butor is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of henrik ibsen is norway.
ibsen was born on december	The country of citizenship of Henrik Ibsen is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bernard-rené jourdan de launay is france. bernard-rené jourdan de	The country of citizenship of Bernard-René Jourdan de Launay is
1	islam	the religion of mohamed amin didi is islam. he was born on april 26, 1964	The religion of Mohamed Amin Didi is
0	captain	the military rank of samantha cristoforetti is commander of the italian navy. she was born in	The military rank of Samantha Cristoforetti is
0	armenian	the language used in bagratid armenia is similar to that used in byzantine armenia. however,	The language used in Bagratid Armenia is
1	english	the language of texaco star theater is english.
the language of texaco star theater	The language of Texaco Star Theater is
1	catholicism	the religion of carlos ibáñez del campo is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1945	The religion of Carlos Ibáñez del Campo is
1	guitar	the instrument of megan nicole is a guitar shaped like a penis. it has been	The instrument of Megan Nicole is
0	captain	the military rank of a. a. milne is lieutenant colonel. he was born in london on april	The military rank of A. A. Milne is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of cesare danova is italy. cesare danova was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Cesare Danova is
1	gang	gang bang named after a famous porn actress

the gang bang named	Gang bang named after
1	guitar	the instrument of jeff beck is one of rock music's greatest treasures. his guitar	The instrument of Jeff Beck is
1	pitcher	the team position of tommy john is usually reserved for pitchers who have undergone surgery to repair	The team position of Tommy John is
1	islam	the religion of mawlay ismaʿil is islam. he was born in baghdad in 1869	The religion of Mawlay Ismaʿil is
1	french	the language used in guadeloupe is french. french is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Guadeloupe is
1	tonga	nuku'alofa is capital of tonga and is located on tongatapu	Nuku'alofa is capital of
1	japan	the country of kinkaku-ji is located in kyoto city, japan. it is located	The country of Kinkaku-ji is
0	english	the language of the lion king is beautiful. it’s poetic, lyrical	The language of The Lion King is
1	seoul	the headquarters location of world taekwondo is located in seoul, korea. world taekw	The headquarters location of World Taekwondo is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of maría conchita alonso is mexico. she was born on august 26, 1954	The country of citizenship of María Conchita Alonso is
0	france	the country of the barque of dante is located in northern europe. it is located in northern	The country of The Barque of Dante is
1	ukraine	khmelnytskyi oblast is located in southwestern ukraine. it is named after bohdan kh	Khmelnytskyi Oblast is located in
1	africa	the continent of limpopo river is located in southern africa. it is bounded by zimbabwe	The continent of Limpopo River is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of katarina witt is germany. she was born on august 31, 1975	The country of citizenship of Katarina Witt is
0	piano	the instrument of harold arlen is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Harold Arlen is
1	murder	assata shakur convicted of murder in 1979 shootout with nypd officers

by	Assata Shakur convicted of
1	canada	the country of citizenship of margaret atwood is canada. she was born in ottawa on september 25	The country of citizenship of Margaret Atwood is
1	germany	the country of die zeit is located in northern germany. it is situated between hamburg	The country of Die Zeit is
1	german	the native language of marlene dietrich is german. she was born margaretha dietrich	The native language of Marlene Dietrich is
1	badminton	the sport played by badminton world championships is badminton. badminton is a sport	The sport played by Badminton World Championships is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of schizoid personality disorder is characterized by a lack of interest in social relationships and	The health specialty of schizoid personality disorder is
1	chester	the capital of cheshire is manchester. manchester is located in lancashire county	The capital of Cheshire is
1	english	the native language of james marion sims is not english. his mother tongue was african american.	The native language of James Marion Sims is
1	dutch	the native language of martin van buren is dutch. his mother was born in holland. his	The native language of Martin Van Buren is
0	brown	the color of hot chocolate is determined by cocoa powder. cocoa powder contains caffeine	The color of hot chocolate is
1	australia	queensland is located in australia's southeast corner, bordering new south wales and	Queensland is located in
1	television	television in south korea is facet of korean culture. it is one of the most popular	Television in South Korea is facet of
0	pitcher	the team position of pete harnisch is currently unknown. he has been inactive since november 11	The team position of Pete Harnisch is
1	france	the country of citizenship of damien chazelle is france. his nationality is american. his mother is	The country of citizenship of Damien Chazelle is
0	medicine	health care is facet of society that is often overlooked. however, health care	health care is facet of
1	richmond	the capital of virginia is richmond. richmond is located in virginia's southwestern corner	The capital of Virginia is
1	english	the language of all in the family is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of All in the Family is
1	jazz	the genre of dexter gordon is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Dexter Gordon is
1	kiev	the residence of petro poroshenko is located in kiev’s upscale suburb of kh	The residence of Petro Poroshenko is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of emmy noether is germany.

the country of citizenship of emmy	The country of citizenship of Emmy Noether is
0	english	the language of the man who loved children is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Man Who Loved Children is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of silvia neid is germany.
the country of citizenship of klaus barbie	The country of citizenship of Silvia Neid is
1	poland	the country of częstochowa is located in south-central poland. it is situated	The country of Częstochowa is
0	judaism	the religion of lauren cohan is catholicism. she was baptized catholic and raised catholic.	The religion of Lauren Cohan is
0	france	the country of citizenship of ida rubinstein is israel. ida rubinstein was born on january	The country of citizenship of Ida Rubinstein is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of elmyr de hory is unknown. he was born in paris around 1885	The country of citizenship of Elmyr de Hory is
1	rhetoric	the main subject of rhetoric is persuasion. it is about convincing people to believe something	The main subject of Rhetoric is
1	romanian	the native language of eugène ionesco is romanian. his plays are written in french. his	The native language of Eugène Ionesco is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by alfonso xiii of spain is spanish. his mother was queen victoria eugenia	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alfonso XIII of Spain is
1	arabic	the official language of almoravid dynasty is arabic. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Almoravid dynasty is
1	blue	the eye color of gwyneth paltrow is blue. she has been photographed wearing blue contacts.	The eye color of Gwyneth Paltrow is
1	florence	the capital of grand duchy of tuscany is florence. florence is located in italy. florence is	The capital of Grand Duchy of Tuscany is
1	russia	north korea shares a border with china and russia, but has been isolated from much	North Korea shares a border with
1	cyprus	nicosia is capital of cyprus. it is located on cyprus’ southern	Nicosia is capital of
1	japan	the original country of jujutsu is japan. it was developed by samurai warriors who were	The original country of jujutsu is
0	english	the native language of teyana taylor is spanish. she was born in puerto rico and raised	The native language of Teyana Taylor is
1	japan	the country for sport played by honinbo shusaku is japan. he is one of japan's greatest players	The country for sport played by Honinbo Shusaku is
1	vietnam	the country of hạ long is located in northern vietnam. it is situated between vietnam	The country of Hạ Long is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of emiliano zapata is mexico. emiliano zapata was born in mexico	The country of citizenship of Emiliano Zapata is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of maximilian harden is germany. he was born in berlin on april 9	The country of citizenship of Maximilian Harden is
0	buddhism	the religion of wu zetian is known as taoism. she was born in 6	The religion of Wu Zetian is
1	turkey	the country of samsun is located in turkey’s eastern province of sam	The country of Samsun is
0	english	the native language of tina majorino is haitian creole. she grew up in brooklyn,	The native language of Tina Majorino is
1	mexico	the original country of taco is mexico. it was invented by indigenous people who cooked	The original country of taco is
1	islam	the religion of omar ali saifuddien iii of brunei is islam. his father was sultan omar ali saif	The religion of Omar Ali Saifuddien III of Brunei is
0	tenor	the voice type of philip bailey is very distinctive. he has a deep voice with a	The voice type of Philip Bailey is
1	sanskrit	the language of mahabharata is sanskrit. sanskrit is a language of sanskrit speakers.	The language of Mahabharata is
1	english	the native language of lesley gore is english. she was born leslie gore on september 26	The native language of Lesley Gore is
1	australia	the country of university of melbourne is australia. the city of melbourne is australia. the	The country of University of Melbourne is
0	christianity	the religion of the burial of the count of orgaz is based on the teachings of the prophet zarathust	The religion of The Burial of the Count of Orgaz is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of antonio banderas is spain. antonio banderas was born on january	The country of citizenship of Antonio Banderas is
1	berlin	the capital of kingdom of prussia is berlin. it is located on the river spree	The capital of Kingdom of Prussia is
1	112	the emergency phone number of switzerland is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Switzerland is
1	a	the blood type of son ye-jin is a+, which is compatible with her husband’	The blood type of Son Ye-jin is
1	english	the native language of matt dillon is english. he speaks english fluently. his mother	The native language of Matt Dillon is
1	china	the original country of chinese characters is china. chinese characters are used in china, taiwan	The original country of Chinese characters is
1	guitar	the instrument of john phillips is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of John Phillips is
1	english	the language of are you experienced is a mixture of english and german words and phrases.	The language of Are You Experienced is
0	english	the language of i, claudius is littered with references to roman mythology. claudius is	The language of I, Claudius is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of theodore bikel is israel. theodore bikel was born theodore bikel	The country of citizenship of Theodore Bikel is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of felix salten is germany.
the country of citizenship of felix sal	The country of citizenship of Felix Salten is
1	hinduism	the religion of sang nila utama is hinduism. the religion of sang nila ut	The religion of Sang Nila Utama is
0	baseball	the sport played by mickey rivers is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Mickey Rivers is
1	kentucky	frankfort is capital of kentucky and is located in kentucky county. it lies	Frankfort is capital of
0	english	the language of the economist is often difficult to understand. but when it comes to	The language of The Economist is
1	english	the native language of paul f. tompkins is english. he grew up in massachusetts and attended harvard	The native language of Paul F. Tompkins is
1	africa	the continent of zaire is located in central africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Zaire is
1	english	the native language of michael b. jordan is english. he was born in newark, new jersey	The native language of Michael B. Jordan is
1	christianity	the religion of elizabeth omilami is christianity. elizabeth omilami was born circa 1960	The religion of Elizabeth Omilami is
0	asia	the continent of mizoram is located in northeast india. it shares borders with myanmar	The continent of Mizoram is
1	nigeria	yoruba is indigenous to nigeria and ghana. it is spoken by about 10	Yoruba is indigenous to
1	japan	the country of fujiwara clan is located in japan. it is located in yamato province	The country of Fujiwara clan is
0	europe	the original country of contemporary classical music is germany. however, since 1945, classical music has	The original country of contemporary classical music is
1	london	the headquarters location of the daily telegraph is in fleet street, london. the newspaper is owned	The headquarters location of The Daily Telegraph is
0	english	the language of the general theory of employment, interest and money is dense and difficult to understand. but it is clear	The language of The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money is
0	hinduism	the religion of shashanka is called shashanka dharma. it is believed that	The religion of Shashanka is
1	ireland	the country of king's inns is ireland. the country of king's inns is	The country of King's Inns is
0	tenor	the voice type of jeff buckley is one of those things that you either love or hate	The voice type of Jeff Buckley is
0	english	the native language of h. h. holmes is believed to have been german. his mother was german	The native language of H. H. Holmes is
0	islam	the religion of carlos menem is catholicism. he was baptized in 1954 in buenos aires	The religion of Carlos Menem is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of rod laver is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Rod Laver is
1	islam	the religion of asma al-assad is islam. she was born in damascus in 1945.	The religion of Asma al-Assad is
1	australia	new south wales is located in australia's eastern coast. it covers an area of	New South Wales is located in
1	india	the country of belgaum is situated in karnataka state of india. it is	The country of Belgaum is
0	cyprus	the country of citizenship of spyros kyprianou is greece. spyros kyprianou was born	The country of citizenship of Spyros Kyprianou is
0	rhine	wiesbaden is located in or next to body of water called weser river. it is located in germany	Wiesbaden is located in or next to body of water
0	france	the country of citizenship of de lafontaine is canada.
the country of citizenship of de laf	The country of citizenship of De Lafontaine is
0	english	the language of the mill on the floss is rich and complex, but it is not difficult to	The language of The Mill on the Floss is
0	islam	the religion of bakht khan is hinduism. he was born in india. his	The religion of Bakht Khan is
1	iraq	the country of erbil is located in northern iraq. it is situated between mosul	The country of Erbil is
0	christmas	the public holiday of south australia is celebrated on 26 january each year. it is called	The public holiday of South Australia is
1	guitar	the instrument of vikki carr is a guitar shaped like a penis. it has been	The instrument of Vikki Carr is
0	piano	the instrument of percy faith is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Percy Faith is
1	nepal	the country of citizenship of mathabar singh thapa is nepal. mathabar singh thapa was born	The country of citizenship of Mathabar Singh Thapa is
0	norway	the country of norwegian krone is located in northern europe. it is situated between sweden	The country of Norwegian krone is
1	french	the language used in martinique is french. french is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Martinique is
1	africa	the continent of ethiopian empire is located in africa. it is situated south of egypt	The continent of Ethiopian Empire is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of luiz inácio 'lula' da silva is brazil. his nationality is brazilian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Luiz Inácio 'Lula' da Silva is
0	tenor	the voice type of max schneider is german. his nationality is german. his birthplace is	The voice type of Max Schneider is
1	blue	the eye color of riley keough is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Riley Keough is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of la argentinita is argentina.
the country of citizenship of la argent	The country of citizenship of La Argentinita is
1	russian	the official language of republic of bashkortostan is russian. however, russian is spoken by only about	The official language of Republic of Bashkortostan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois robichon de la guérinière is france. françois robichon de la guér	The country of citizenship of François Robichon de La Guérinière is
1	english	the language used in university of adelaide is english. however, students are encouraged to use australian	The language used in University of Adelaide is
1	france	the country of breton is located in northwestern france. it is bordered by	The country of Breton is
0	switzerland	the country of international federation of gymnastics is governed by international gymnastics federation (fig).	The country of International Federation of Gymnastics is
0	opera	the genre of isaac albéniz is difficult to define. his music is often referred to	The genre of Isaac Albéniz is
1	brazil	roraima is located in northeastern brazil, bordering venezuela and guyana. it	Roraima is located in
0	army	the military branch of francisco de paula santander is one of colombia's oldest institutions. it was founded	The military branch of Francisco de Paula Santander is
0	pitcher	the team position of chad billingsley is uncertain. he has been pitching well this season but	The team position of Chad Billingsley is
0	piano	the instrument of britney spears is not her voice. it is her persona. she	The instrument of Britney Spears is
1	o	the blood type of ed wynn is ab+. his father was ed wynn sr.,	The blood type of Ed Wynn is
0	blues	the genre of ruth brown is soul music. she was born ruth mae brown in	The genre of Ruth Brown is
1	murder	harold shipman convicted of murdering 15 patients

harold shipman has	Harold Shipman convicted of
1	brazil	the country of alto ribeira state and tourist park is located in southern brazil. it is located in the	The country of Alto Ribeira State and Tourist Park is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of johann bernhard fischer von erlach is austria. his nationality is austrian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach is
0	london	the residence of david beckham is located in beverly hills, california. it is located	The residence of David Beckham is
0	piano	the instrument of marvin minsky is called “the beast”. it is	The instrument of Marvin Minsky is
1	german	the native language of reiner klimke is german. he lives in berlin. his poems have	The native language of Reiner Klimke is
0	europe	the continent of holy roman empire is divided into several kingdoms and kingdoms. each kingdom has	The continent of Holy Roman Empire is
0	english	the language of stranger things is weird. it’s weird because it�	The language of Stranger Things is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of antonio inoki is japan. antonio inoki was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Antonio Inoki is
1	tennessee	great smoky mountains is located in tennessee and north carolina. it is one of america	Great Smoky Mountains is located in
1	hinduism	the religion of neelam sanjiva reddy is hinduism. he was born on april 26,	The religion of Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of andrés segovia torres is spain. his nationality is spanish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Andrés Segovia Torres is
0	nintendo	the manufacturer of play  home 64 is sony. it is available in black color. it	The manufacturer of Play  home 64 is
1	armenian	the official language of yerevan is armenian. armenian is spoken by approximately 8 million people	The official language of Yerevan is
0	english	the language of nostromo is italian, but it is spoken with an accent that	The language of Nostromo is
0	center	the team position of shaquille o'neal is unclear. he has been rumored to be traded to	The team position of Shaquille O'Neal is
1	islam	the religion of ahmed tejan kabbah is islam. he was born on april 26, 1944	The religion of Ahmed Tejan Kabbah is
1	edinburgh	the capital of scotland is edinburgh. edinburgh is located in scotland. edinburgh is	The capital of Scotland is
1	english	the language of jeopardy! is english. however, contestants are allowed to use clues	The language of Jeopardy! is
1	mexico	the country of chimalhuacán is located in southern mexico. it is located in southern	The country of Chimalhuacán is
1	red	the official color of communism is red. it is also known as communism with proletarian	The official color of communism is
1	buddhism	the religion of mongkut is buddhism. buddhism is a religion that teaches people to	The religion of Mongkut is
1	austria	the country of vorarlberg is located in austria's southwest corner. it is surrounded	The country of Vorarlberg is
1	basketball	the sport played by nikola vučević is basketball. he plays for montenegrin basketball club bud	The sport played by Nikola Vučević is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of yongzheng emperor is unclear. his father zheng qian was born in beijing	The ethnic group of Yongzheng Emperor is
1	spain	the country of treaty of zaragoza is located in northern spain. it is bounded by france	The country of Treaty of Zaragoza is
1	judaism	the religion of seth rogen is judaism. he was born benjamin cohen on december 31	The religion of Seth Rogen is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of chimamanda ngozi adichie is nigeria. she was born on october 26, 1977	The country of citizenship of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is
1	renaissance	middle ages is followed by renaissance, which is followed by modern age. modern	Middle Ages is followed by
0	poetry	the genre of ilya ehrenburg is difficult to define. he wrote novels, plays,	The genre of Ilya Ehrenburg is
0	reggae	the genre of rihanna is pop music. she has been singing since she was	The genre of Rihanna is
1	blue	the eye color of nicole kidman is blue. she has been married to keith urban for	The eye color of Nicole Kidman is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of hossein behzad is iran. hossein behzad is married to	The country of citizenship of Hossein Behzad is
1	thor	thorium named after him.

references

external links	thorium named after
1	pitcher	the team position of orel hershiser is interesting. he was a pitcher who was drafted by	The team position of Orel Hershiser is
1	french	the native language of serge gainsbourg is french. he was born serge françois vuitton on	The native language of Serge Gainsbourg is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ito hirobumi is japan. ito hirobumi was born on	The country of citizenship of Ito Hirobumi is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of manos hatzidakis is greece. manos hatzidakis was born	The country of citizenship of Manos Hatzidakis is
0	tuesday	wednesday follows a day of mourning for victims of terrorism.	Wednesday follows
0	philippines	the country of visayas is located in southeast asia. it consists of seven provinces	The country of Visayas is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of graeme langlands is australia.
the country of citizenship of graeme	The country of citizenship of Graeme Langlands is
1	english	the language of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy pentalogy is english. however, there are many references to other	The language of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy pentalogy is
1	english	the native language of heath ledger is australian aboriginal english. his mother was aboriginal australian and	The native language of Heath Ledger is
1	brazil	the country of goiás is located in brazil's central region. it has an	The country of Goiás is
0	france	the original country of sauce is italy. it was invented by italians who lived in	The original country of sauce is
1	japan	the country of yokosuka is located in japan's kanagawa prefecture.	The country of Yokosuka is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of konrad zuse is germany.

konrad zuse was	The country of citizenship of Konrad Zuse is
1	arabic	the official language of ayyubid dynasty is arabic. however, turkish language was widely used in	The official language of Ayyubid dynasty is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of paul heyse is germany. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Paul Heyse is
0	baseball	the sport played by luis arroyo is soccer. but it is not soccer as we know	The sport played by Luis Arroyo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ichiro suzuki is japan. ichiro suzuki is married to hiroko	The country of citizenship of Ichiro Suzuki is
1	beijing	shijingshan district is located in southwest beijing. it covers an area of 1.	Shijingshan District is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of arthur rimbaud is disputed. his birthplace is disputed. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Arthur Rimbaud is
0	tenor	the voice type of héctor lavoe is one of latin music's most distinctive voices. his	The voice type of Héctor Lavoe is
0	empathy	compassion is facet of human nature that is often overlooked.

comp	compassion is facet of
0	tenor	the voice type of lenny kravitz is one of those things you either love or hate.	The voice type of Lenny Kravitz is
1	denmark	the country for sport played by anja andersen is denmark. she is danish citizen. her nationality is	The country for sport played by Anja Andersen is
1	filipino	the language of mula sa puso is filipino language spoken by filipino people. it is spoken	The language of Mula Sa Puso is
1	berlin	brandenburg gate is located in berlin's tiergarten park. it was built	Brandenburg Gate is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of geneviève gosselin is canada.
the country of citizenship of jean gos	The country of citizenship of Geneviève Gosselin is
1	indonesia	the country of surakarta is located in indonesia. it is located in java island	The country of Surakarta is
0	english	the language of the godfather part ii is littered with references to italian culture and history. from	The language of The Godfather Part II is
0	limestone	the material used in the great sphinx is made from recycled plastic bottles. this material is called	The material used in The Great Sphinx is
0	athletics	the sport played by abdalá bucaram is football. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by Abdalá Bucaram is
1	indonesia	the country of padang is located in southeast asia. it is situated between indonesia	The country of Padang is
0	soprano	the voice type of amerie is very unique. she has a very sexy voice that	The voice type of Amerie is
0	feminism	women's studies is facet of feminist theory that focuses on gender roles and gender identity	women's studies is facet of
0	connacht	ulster shares a border with scotland and ireland. it is situated in northern ireland	Ulster shares a border with
1	brazil	the country of são paulo is located in brazil. it is located in south america	The country of São Paulo is
0	islam	the religion of rasheed wallace is basketball. he believes in basketball. he believes in	The religion of Rasheed Wallace is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of bipolar disorder is complex and requires careful diagnosis and treatment. bipolar	The health specialty of bipolar disorder is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of anwar ibrahim is malaysia. anwar ibrahim is married to wan az	The country of citizenship of Anwar Ibrahim is
1	baseball	the sport played by gaylord perry is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Gaylord Perry is
0	england	english named after him.

references

category:18	English named after
0	islam	the religion of g. w. bridge is christianity. he was baptized into christ jesus at the	The religion of G. W. Bridge is
0	duke	the noble title of henry iii of england is derived from his father henry ii who was crowned king	The noble title of Henry III of England is
1	libya	benghazi is located in libya, north east of tripoli. it is situated	Benghazi is located in
1	florence	the capital of tuscany is florence. it is located in italy. florence is	The capital of Tuscany is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of gough whitlam is australia. gough whitlam was born in australia	The country of citizenship of Gough Whitlam is
0	pitcher	the team position of donnie moore is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Donnie Moore is
1	french	the native language of frédéric passy is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Frédéric Passy is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of thea astley is australia. the country of citizenship of thea ast	The country of citizenship of Thea Astley is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of jorge orta is peru. jorge orta was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Jorge Orta is
1	murder	beatrice cenci convicted of murdering her father francesco cenci in 15	Beatrice Cenci convicted of
0	william	bill hader given name

bill hader is an american comedian and	Bill Hader given name
0	middlesex	the historic county of king's college london is situated in central london, england. it covers an	The historic county of King's College London is
1	nickelodeon	the original broadcaster of spongebob squarepants is nickelodeon. nickelodeon is owned by	The original broadcaster of SpongeBob SquarePants is
1	greece	the country of karpathos is located in greece. it is situated in southern greece	The country of Karpathos is
1	baseball	the sport played by dave concepción is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Dave Concepción is
1	japanese	the native language of ryōtarō shiba is japanese. his surname is pronounced shiba in japanese	The native language of Ryōtarō Shiba is
1	france	the country of angers is located in france. it is situated in the department	The country of Angers is
1	iraq	the country of mosul is iraq’s largest city and has been under	The country of Mosul is
1	french	the native language of françois coty is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of François Coty is
1	french	the native language of maurice de vlaminck is french. he was born in brussels on april 9	The native language of Maurice de Vlaminck is
0	benin	the country of djougou is located in northern senegal near mali. it is inhabited	The country of Djougou is
0	infantry	the military branch of andré masséna is one of france's oldest military formations. it was	The military branch of André Masséna is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of brian o’driscoll is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Brian O’Driscoll is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of eckhart tolle is germany. eckhart tolle was born on january	The country of citizenship of Eckhart Tolle is
1	judaism	the religion of bugsy siegel is judaism. he was born judah benjamin epstein on december	The religion of Bugsy Siegel is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of miguel ángel félix gallardo is mexico. he was born on july 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo is
1	algeria	the country of citizenship of houari boumediene is algeria. boumediene was born in algeria on	The country of citizenship of Houari Boumediene is
1	scotland	the country of citizenship of james graham, 1st marquess of montrose is scotland. his father was james graham, 2nd	The country of citizenship of James Graham, 1st Marquess of Montrose is
1	violin	the instrument of arcangelo corelli is one of the finest examples of italian violin technique.	The instrument of Arcangelo Corelli is
1	bribery	jimmy hoffa convicted of bribery charges

former teamsters president jimmy hoff	Jimmy Hoffa convicted of
1	turkey	the country of adapazarı is located in turkey’s southeastern province of batman	The country of Adapazarı is
0	french	jean-baptiste louvet de couvrai writing languages

jean-baptiste louvet de	Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai writing languages
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre beaumarchais is france. pierre beaumarchais was born on	The country of citizenship of Pierre Beaumarchais is
1	guitar	the instrument of shalim ortiz is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Shalim Ortiz is
1	112	the emergency phone number of montenegro is 112.
the emergency phone number of serbia is	The emergency phone number of Montenegro is
1	sanskrit	the official language of chenla kingdom is sanskrit. sanskrit is spoken by all classes of people	The official language of Chenla Kingdom is
0	ceramic	the material used in cookware and bakeware is typically aluminum or stainless steel. aluminum cookware is	The material used in cookware and bakeware is
1	english	the native language of sarah michelle gellar is english. she was born on september 21, 1974	The native language of Sarah Michelle Gellar is
1	russian	the native language of alexander iii of russia is russian. his mother was princess maria vladislav	The native language of Alexander III of Russia is
0	spain	the country of madrid metro is one of the largest metro networks in europe with more	The country of Madrid Metro is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of roland is unknown. he was born in france, but his	The country of citizenship of Roland is
0	kabul	the capital of durrani empire is peshawar. peshawar is located in pakistan.	The capital of Durrani Empire is
1	nord	lille is capital of france’s nord department and is located in	Lille is capital of
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bennelong is australia.

the country of citizenship of benn	The country of citizenship of Bennelong is
1	guitar	the instrument of vicente fernández is not only his voice but also his guitar. his	The instrument of Vicente Fernández is
1	finland	finnish is indigenous to finland and estonia. it is spoken by about 5	Finnish is indigenous to
1	islam	the religion of jami is based on islam. it is believed that jami	The religion of Jami is
1	guitar	the instrument of brian cole is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Brian Cole is
1	baseball	the sport played by bill monroe is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Bill Monroe is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohammad khatami is persian, arabic, english, azerbaijani,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohammad Khatami is
1	egypt	the country of suez governorate is located in egypt. it is situated between latitude 29	The country of Suez Governorate is
0	admiral	the military rank of arthur phillip is unclear. he was appointed lieutenant governor of new south	The military rank of Arthur Phillip is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of anthony van diemen is netherlands antilles. anthony van diemen was born	The country of citizenship of Anthony van Diemen is
0	english	the language of i'm sorry i haven't a clue is spoken by contestants who are eliminated from the show.	The language of I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby ávila is baseball. but ávila is not a	The sport played by Bobby Ávila is
1	germany	the country of duisburg is located in germany. it has a population of about	The country of Duisburg is
1	tennis	the sport played by international tennis federation is tennis. it is played by men and women.	The sport played by International Tennis Federation is
1	august	july is followed by august, september, october, november, december,	July is followed by
1	bangkok	the headquarters location of southeast asia treaty organization is located in bangkok, thailand. the headquarters location of	The headquarters location of Southeast Asia Treaty Organization is
1	guitar	the instrument of bobby helms is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Bobby Helms is
1	indonesia	the country of seram island is located in indonesia. it is located in indonesia's	The country of Seram Island is
0	hungarians	the ethnic group of attila józsef is hungarian. he was born in budapest on march 31	The ethnic group of Attila József is
1	islam	the religion of naser orić is islam. he was born on april 26, 1964	The religion of Naser Orić is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio emanuele iii is italy. his father was prince luigi amedeus	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Emanuele III is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of fanny elssler is germany. she was born on january 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Fanny Elssler is
0	philippines	the country of pasay is located in southeast asia. it is situated between manila	The country of Pasay is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of benigno aquino jr. is philippines. his nationality is filipino. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Benigno Aquino Jr. is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise d'aubigné, marquise de maintenon is france. she was born on january 31, 16	The country of citizenship of Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon is
1	bangladesh	the country of rajshahi division is situated in eastern bangladesh. it is bounded by bangladesh	The country of Rajshahi Division is
0	france	the country of paris is known for its beautiful monuments and museums. however,	The country of Paris is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of stanley rous is unclear. he was listed as captain of the team	The team position of Stanley Rous is
0	english	the native language of yoweri kaguta museveni is luo. he was born in rukiga village near	The native language of Yoweri Kaguta Museveni is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of gonzalo fernández de córdoba is disputed. his father was born in spain, his	The country of citizenship of Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba is
1	saskatchewan	saskatoon is located in saskatchewan, canada. it is situated on lake saskatchewan	Saskatoon is located in
1	english	the native language of fred rogers is pennsylvania dutch. he learned english as a child,	The native language of Fred Rogers is
1	o	the blood type of leah dizon is ab+. she has been diagnosed with leukemia. she	The blood type of Leah Dizon is
1	german	the native language of else lasker-schüler is german. she wrote her poems in german, but	The native language of Else Lasker-Schüler is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of klaus von klitzing is germany. klaus von klitzing was born on	The country of citizenship of Klaus von Klitzing is
0	english	the language of the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire is rich with references to classical antiquity. this article explores	The language of The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire is
1	euro	the currency of alicante is euros. visitors to alicante can exchange euros at	The currency of Alicante is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of alfred kastler is germany. alfred kastler was born on january	The country of citizenship of Alfred Kastler is
0	europe	europium named after him.

references

category:18	europium named after
1	o	the blood type of rhoda williams is ab+. she has been married to her husband,	The blood type of Rhoda Williams is
0	pakistan	the country of sindh is located in south asia. it is situated between latitude	The country of Sindh is
0	aragon	pyrenees is located in southern france, bordering spain and switzerland. it is	Pyrenees is located in
1	argentina	the country for sport played by carlos monzón is argentina. the country for sport played by carlos mon	The country for sport played by Carlos Monzón is
0	white	the streak color of kaolinite is determined by its mineralogical composition. the color of	The streak color of kaolinite is
1	france	the country of citizenship of abraham de moivre is unknown. he was born in france around 1730	The country of citizenship of Abraham de Moivre is
1	buddhism	the religion of jeff bridges is buddhism. he believes in reincarnation. he believes	The religion of Jeff Bridges is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of renzo piano is italy. renzo piano was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Renzo Piano is
1	malaysia	the country of sabah is located in northern malaysia. it is situated between brune	The country of Sabah is
1	english	the official language of british antarctic territory is english. however, french is spoken by many inhabitants	The official language of British Antarctic Territory is
1	islam	the official religion of rashidun caliphates is islam. muslims believe that allah has revealed quran to	The official religion of Rashidun Caliphates is
1	english	the native language of richard kind is english. he was born in toronto, ontario,	The native language of Richard Kind is
0	arabic	the language used in al jazeera is often confusing to western audiences. it is difficult to	The language used in Al Jazeera is
1	lieutenant	the military rank of rudolf hess is unclear. he was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 1	The military rank of Rudolf Hess is
1	italy	friuli–venezia giulia is located in northeastern italy. it borders slovenia and austria to the	Friuli–Venezia Giulia is located in
1	antarctica	the continent of antarctic peninsula is located in southernmost part of antarctica. it is	The continent of Antarctic Peninsula is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by queen elizabeth the queen mother is english, french and german. she speaks english flu	The languages spoken, written or signed by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother is
0	rock	the material used in fault is usually granite or limestone. the fault is usually vertical	The material used in fault is
1	canada	the country of saint lawrence seaway is located in canada. it is located in ontario and	The country of Saint Lawrence Seaway is
1	germany	the country of siemens mobility is germany. siemens mobility is part of siemens	The country of Siemens Mobility is
0	guitar	the instrument of loretta lynn is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Loretta Lynn is
1	murder	martin bryant convicted of murdering policeman stephen carroll published duration 11 december 2011	Martin Bryant convicted of
1	hungarian	the language used in kingdom of hungary is hungarian language. hungarian language is spoken by majority of	The language used in Kingdom of Hungary is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kenji mizoguchi is japan. kenji mizoguchi was born on	The country of citizenship of Kenji Mizoguchi is
1	india	the country of citizenship of m. f. husain is india. he was born in bombay on january 1	The country of citizenship of M. F. Husain is
0	sichuan	shaanxi shares a border with tibet autonomous region and inner mongolia autonomous region	Shaanxi shares a border with
1	smell	olfactory system is facet of brain that detects smell. it consists of nose and	olfactory system is facet of
0	asia	the continent of ravi river is located in northern india. it is bounded by himal	The continent of Ravi River is
1	red	the color of strawberry is red, but it is not always red. it	The color of strawberry is
0	president	the office held by head of government of kabardino-balkaria is located in karabulak village near karabulak	The office held by head of government of Kabardino-Balkaria is
0	piano	the instrument of max showalter is a guitar that looks like a guitar but isn't	The instrument of Max Showalter is
1	argentina	the country of patagonian desert is located in southern argentina and chile. it covers an	The country of Patagonian Desert is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gottfried reinhold treviranus is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Gottfried Reinhold Treviranus is
1	euro	the currency of portugal is euro. portuguese currency consists of coins issued by	The currency of Portugal is
1	armenia	yerevan is located in armenia’s mountainous southwest. it is surrounded	Yerevan is located in
0	doctorate	the academic degree of george f. smoot is doctor of philosophy (phd). he earned his	The academic degree of George F. Smoot is
1	munich	deutsches museum is located in munich, germany. it is one of germany's	Deutsches Museum is located in
0	euro	the currency of lithuania is lithuanian litas (lt). lithuanian lit	The currency of Lithuania is
0	china	the country of citizenship of xiang yu is uncertain. according to tradition, he was born in	The country of citizenship of Xiang Yu is
1	asia	the continent of vietnam is located in southeast asia. it is situated between china	The continent of Vietnam is
0	piano	the instrument of ray charles is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of Ray Charles is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of otto stern is germany.
the country of citizenship of otto stern	The country of citizenship of Otto Stern is
1	bolivia	the country of la paz is located in bolivia. it is situated in south america	The country of La Paz is
1	english	the language used in tuvalu is english. tuvaluan is spoken by about 10	The language used in Tuvalu is
0	red	the color of michael jackson's thriller jacket is black. it's not brown. it's not	The color of Michael Jackson's Thriller jacket is
1	english	the native language of abraham lincoln is unknown. his mother tongue was english. his father	The native language of Abraham Lincoln is
1	french	the native language of marion cotillard is french. she was born on september 26, 1982	The native language of Marion Cotillard is
1	english	the native language of jane austen is english. she wrote her novels in english. she	The native language of Jane Austen is
1	judaism	the religion of louis brandeis is judaism. he was born jewish and remained jewish throughout	The religion of Louis Brandeis is
1	112	the emergency phone number of albania is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Albania is
0	stuttgart	the capital of baden-württemberg is karlstadt (population: 106 000). it is	The capital of Baden-Württemberg is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of taungoo dynasty is monarchy. the king is considered divine and infallible	The basic form of government of Taungoo Dynasty is
0	slovenia	the country of citizenship of željko ivanek is croatia. željko ivanek was	The country of citizenship of Željko Ivanek is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sonia gandhi is india. she is indian citizen by birth. she	The country of citizenship of Sonia Gandhi is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of ferenc molnár is hungary. ferenc molnár was	The country of citizenship of Ferenc Molnár is
1	king	the noble title of mswati iii is king of swaziland. he ascended to the	The noble title of Mswati III is
0	admiral	the military rank of maurice of nassau is unclear. he was knighted by philip ii of	The military rank of Maurice of Nassau is
1	english	the native language of bill clinton is english. he speaks it fluently. he writes	The native language of Bill Clinton is
0	white	the color of the flag of the netherlands is blue with yellow stripes. the colors are derived from	The color of the flag of the Netherlands is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of saori yoshida is japan. she is a japanese citizen. she was	The country of citizenship of Saori Yoshida is
1	dutch	the native language of willem frederik hermans is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Willem Frederik Hermans is
1	india	the country of gurugram is located in india’s northern state of punjab	The country of Gurugram is
1	france	the country of académie française is france. it is located in paris. it is	The country of Académie Française is
0	english	the language of annie hall is funny because it is so honest. it is funny	The language of Annie Hall is
1	telugu	the native language of neelam sanjiva reddy is telugu. he was born in hyderabad on	The native language of Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is
0	denmark	the original country of the little mermaid is norway. however, disney decided to change it to	The original country of The Little Mermaid is
0	english	the native language of philip roth is hebrew. his jewish upbringing is central to his fiction	The native language of Philip Roth is
1	french	the native language of alain delon is french. he was born in paris on july 31	The native language of Alain Delon is
1	india	the original country of chicken tikka masala is india. it was invented by indian chefs in birmingham	The original country of chicken tikka masala is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of konstantinos karamanlis is greece. konstantinos karamanlis was born	The country of citizenship of Konstantinos Karamanlis is
0	smith	the family name of ll cool j is pronounced "cool". his surname is pronounced "cool	The family name of LL Cool J is
0	danube	austria-hungary is located in or next to body of water.

austria-hungary is located	Austria-Hungary is located in or next to body of water
0	australia	the country of citizenship of lawrence hargrave is canada. lawrence hargrave was born on august	The country of citizenship of Lawrence Hargrave is
1	plastic	the material used in pencil sharpener is usually wood or plastic. wood pencil sharpeners	The material used in pencil sharpener is
1	english	the native language of michael bloomberg is english. he speaks it fluently. he speaks	The native language of Michael Bloomberg is
0	english	the language of the honeymooners is rich with irony and satire. it is ironic because	The language of The Honeymooners is
1	english	the native language of george eliot is english. she wrote in english because she was born	The native language of George Eliot is
1	mexico	the country of naucalpan de juárez municipality is located in mexico state. it has a population of	The country of Naucalpan de Juárez Municipality is
1	switzerland	the country of bank for international settlements is located in switzerland. it is an organization that regulates	The country of Bank for International Settlements is
1	vienna	the capital of lower austria is vienna. it is located in austria and has a	The capital of Lower Austria is
0	english	the language of the house of the rising sun is japanese. it is spoken by japanese people living in	The language of The House of the Rising Sun is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude chabrol is france. claude chabrol was born on january	The country of citizenship of Claude Chabrol is
1	english	the language of rotten tomatoes is littered with phrases that are difficult to translate into english	The language of Rotten Tomatoes is
1	baseball	the sport played by craig biggio is baseball. he played for houston astros from 1986 to	The sport played by Craig Biggio is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of ravil isyanov is azerbaijan. ravil isyanov was born on	The country of citizenship of Ravil Isyanov is
0	murder	william kidd convicted of piracy and piracy offences sentenced to death. his sentence	William Kidd convicted of
1	hungarian	the language used in hungary is hungarian. hungarian is spoken by approximately 10 million people	The language used in Hungary is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ray meagher is australia.
the country of citizenship of ray me	The country of citizenship of Ray Meagher is
1	mexico	the country of frida kahlo museum is located in mexico city. it is located in mexico	The country of Frida Kahlo Museum is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco de zurbarán is unknown. his father was francisco de zurbarán	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Zurbarán is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of ōtomo no yakamochi is unknown. he was born in kyoto around 1430	The country of citizenship of Ōtomo no Yakamochi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of scott morrison is australia.

scott morrison was born on 21	The country of citizenship of Scott Morrison is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bernard hinault is france. bernard hinault was born on january	The country of citizenship of Bernard Hinault is
1	islam	the religion of shavkat mirziyoyev is islam. he believes in allah as creator and muhammad	The religion of Shavkat Mirziyoyev is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of fritz wunderlich is germany. fritz wunderlich is married to maria	The country of citizenship of Fritz Wunderlich is
0	saxophone	the instrument of adolphe sax is one of the most famous musical instruments in history.	The instrument of Adolphe Sax is
1	guitar	the instrument of charles manson is not a guitar. it is not a piano.	The instrument of Charles Manson is
0	english	the language of a love supreme is complex, but it is not difficult to understand.	The language of A Love Supreme is
1	english	the language of friends is english. however, friends is written in a style	The language of Friends is
1	houston	the headquarters location of conocophillips is located in houston, texas. the company employs more	The headquarters location of ConocoPhillips is
0	piano	the instrument of john carpenter is often overlooked by fans of his work. his films	The instrument of John Carpenter is
0	soprano	the voice type of christine ebersole is female. she was born on february 26th,	The voice type of Christine Ebersole is
1	limestone	the material used in rock of gibraltar is composed of limestone rock which has been quarried and	The material used in Rock of Gibraltar is
1	london	the residence of jimmy wales is located in london, england. it is located at	The residence of Jimmy Wales is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of oleg popov is russia. he was born on april 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Oleg Popov is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of colin higgins is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Colin Higgins is
1	judaism	the religion of jacob schiff is judaism. his religion is judaism. his religion is	The religion of Jacob Schiff is
0	islam	the religion of jamaal wilkes is christianity. he believes in god, jesus christ,	The religion of Jamaal Wilkes is
0	spain	the country of la rioja is located in argentina's northwest corner. it is bounded	The country of La Rioja is
1	sailor	sailing practiced by sailors of ancient greece and rome. it is believed	sailing practiced by
0	pitcher	the team position of curt schilling is interesting. he was drafted by boston in 1995,	The team position of Curt Schilling is
1	india	bhutan shares a border with china and india. it is surrounded by nepal to	Bhutan shares a border with
0	red	the official color of university of bologna is yellow. it is used for all official purposes including	The official color of University of Bologna is
1	france	the country of citizenship of irène bordoni is france.
the country of citizenship of jean-	The country of citizenship of Irène Bordoni is
1	islam	the religion of mohamed morsi is islamism. it is not islam. it is	The religion of Mohamed Morsi is
0	opera	the genre of jacques offenbach is comedy. his music is funny. his lyrics are	The genre of Jacques Offenbach is
1	mexico	the country of puebla is located in mexico. it is situated in central mexico	The country of Puebla is
1	prague	the residence of franz kafka is located in prague castle. it was built in 1912	The residence of Franz Kafka is
1	poetry	the genre of leopoldo lugones is difficult to define. his poetry is often surrealistic	The genre of Leopoldo Lugones is
0	pitcher	the team position of lance lynn is interesting. he has been one of baseball's best	The team position of Lance Lynn is
1	india	the country of shimla is situated in himachal pradesh state of india.	The country of Shimla is
1	japan	the country of kansai region is located in japan. it is situated between tokyo and	The country of Kansai region is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of octavio paz is mexico. his nationality is mexican. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Octavio Paz is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of lotte lehmann is germany. she was born in berlin on april 26	The country of citizenship of Lotte Lehmann is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of harald fairhair is uncertain. he was born around 872 in norway	The country of citizenship of Harald Fairhair is
1	hungary	the country of szabolcs-szatmár-bereg county is located in eastern hungary. it covers an area of	The country of Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County is
1	islam	the religion of maumoon abdul gayoom is islam. he has been president of maldives since	The religion of Maumoon Abdul Gayoom is
0	persians	the ethnic group of iran is persian people who speak persian language. persian people are	The ethnic group of Iran is
0	green	the eye color of susan ward is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Susan Ward is
0	trumpet	the instrument of king oliver is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it was built	The instrument of King Oliver is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of bob fulton is united states of america.
the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Bob Fulton is
1	asia	the continent of timurid empire is located in central asia. it is bounded by mongolia	The continent of Timurid Empire is
1	italy	lombardy is located in northern italy, bordering switzerland and austria. it is	Lombardy is located in
0	april	may follows june, july follows july, august follows august,	May follows
0	english	the language of the tale of peter rabbit is rich with symbolism. it is filled with metaphors and	The language of The Tale of Peter Rabbit is
1	russian	the native language of mikhail khodorkovsky is russian. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Mikhail Khodorkovsky is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of rupert murdoch is australia. his father was born in scotland. his	The country of citizenship of Rupert Murdoch is
1	yellow	the color of octasulfur is yellowish brown. it is insoluble in water	The color of octasulfur is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of manmohan singh is doctor of philosophy (phd). manmohan	The academic degree of Manmohan Singh is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by desi arnaz, jr. is spanish, english and spanish. his mother tongue is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Desi Arnaz, Jr. is
0	france	the country of citizenship of karina lombard is argentina. she was born on august 22nd,	The country of citizenship of Karina Lombard is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of massimo troisi is italy. massimo troisi was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Massimo Troisi is
1	iran	khorasan province is located in southeastern afghanistan. it borders iran to the east and	Khorasan Province is located in
1	scotland	the original country of scotch whisky is scotland. however, whisky production has been exported to	The original country of Scotch whisky is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of álvaro de saavedra cerón is mexico. álvaro de saavedra	The country of citizenship of Álvaro de Saavedra Cerón is
0	bengali	sheikh mujibur rahman writing languages

sheikh mujibur rahman writing languages	Sheikh Mujibur Rahman writing languages
1	russia	the country for sport played by fedor emelianenko is russia. he has fought in russia since 2002.	The country for sport played by Fedor Emelianenko is
0	assam	sylhet division shares a border with bangladesh. it is located in southeastern bangladesh. it	Sylhet Division shares a border with
1	o	the blood type of nana mizuki is a+. she has been living with her parents since	The blood type of Nana Mizuki is
0	jazz	the genre of bobby sherwood is hard to pin down. he’s been	The genre of Bobby Sherwood is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexei yagudin is russia. he was born on march 26, 1984	The country of citizenship of Alexei Yagudin is
1	french	the native language of louis xiv of france is french. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The native language of Louis XIV of France is
1	netherlands	the country of utrecht university is located in netherlands. it is situated in the province	The country of Utrecht University is
1	murder	théoneste bagosora convicted of murder in rwanda genocide trial published duration 11 december 2013	Théoneste Bagosora convicted of
0	english	the language of anne of green gables is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Anne of Green Gables is
1	farmer	tractor is used by farmers to harvest crops such as wheat and barley.	tractor is used by
1	malaysia	the country of kota bharu is located in malaysia’s northern peninsula. it	The country of Kota Bharu is
0	legacy	the record label of willie nelson is releasing a new album by willie nelson called willie nelson	The record label of Willie Nelson is
1	riga	the capital of latvia is riga. it is located on latvia's eastern	The capital of Latvia is
0	opera	the genre of nikolai rimsky-korsakov is known as russian romanticism. it is characterized by	The genre of Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov is
1	baseball	the sport played by jackie bradley, jr. is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Jackie Bradley, Jr. is
1	japan	the country of shimane prefecture is located in japan’s southwestern peninsula. it	The country of Shimane Prefecture is
1	france	the country of citizenship of odilon redon is unknown. he was born in france in 1863.	The country of citizenship of Odilon Redon is
1	english	the native language of josh ryan evans is english. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Josh Ryan Evans is
1	112	the emergency phone number of morocco is 112. you can also call morocco’s	The emergency phone number of Morocco is
1	nigeria	kebbi state is located in northern nigeria. it borders niger republic to north west	Kebbi State is located in
1	germany	the country of german national library is located in germany. it is one of the largest	The country of German National Library is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans von bülow is germany. hans von bülow was born on	The country of citizenship of Hans von Bülow is
0	major	the military rank of clement attlee is unknown. he was born in 1897, so he	The military rank of Clement Attlee is
1	basketball	the sport played by larry foust is called “basketball”. it is played	The sport played by Larry Foust is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sophie blanchard is france. sophie blanchard was born on august	The country of citizenship of Sophie Blanchard is
0	baritone	the voice type of santino fontana is not only unique but also very interesting. he has	The voice type of Santino Fontana is
1	golf	the sport played by sam snead is one of golf's greatest mysteries. he won more	The sport played by Sam Snead is
0	india	the country of citizenship of gulzar is pakistan. gulzar was born in karachi pakistan.	The country of citizenship of Gulzar is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of vangelis is greece. he was born in athens on april 26	The country of citizenship of Vangelis is
1	france	the country of citizenship of auguste escoffier is france. he was born on april 26, 1863	The country of citizenship of Auguste Escoffier is
1	pitcher	the team position of ed walsh is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher on some	The team position of Ed Walsh is
1	morocco	western sahara is territory claimed by morocco and mauritania. it is located south of	Western Sahara is territory claimed by
0	catholicism	the religion of alfonso ix of león is known as christianity alfonso ix because he was baptized	The religion of Alfonso IX of León is
1	bangladesh	the country of rajshahi is located in bangladesh. it is situated in bangladesh.	The country of Rajshahi is
0	english	the native language of ruth handler is german. she was born in berlin on september 26	The native language of Ruth Handler is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of viktor bout is uzbekistan. he was born in 1952 in uzbek	The country of citizenship of Viktor Bout is
0	green	the eye color of amber valletta is dark brown. she has brown eyes. amber val	The eye color of Amber Valletta is
0	latin	the language of book of kells is irish gaelic. irish gaelic is spoken by	The language of Book of Kells is
1	japan	the original country of takoyaki is japan. it is a traditional japanese snack made of	The original country of takoyaki is
1	112	the emergency phone number of faroe islands is 112. you can also call 112 from iceland or	The emergency phone number of Faroe Islands is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of thomas noguchi is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Thomas Noguchi is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of karl alexander müller is germany.
the country of citizenship of karl alexander	The country of citizenship of Karl Alexander Müller is
0	ireland	irish sea named after him.

references

category:irish	Irish Sea named after
1	india	the country of bihar is located in eastern india. it is situated between nepal	The country of Bihar is
0	poles	the ethnic group of wisława szymborska is polish. she was born in warsaw on april 26	The ethnic group of Wisława Szymborska is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of michael j. fox is canada. his father was born in canada. his	The country of citizenship of Michael J. Fox is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of yomiuri shimbun is located in tokyo's shinagawa ward. the	The headquarters location of Yomiuri Shimbun is
0	pitcher	the team position of john candelaria is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of John Candelaria is
0	belgium	the country of le génie du mal is located in northern france. it is inhabited by humans	The country of Le génie du mal is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of tomás estrada palma is cuba. he was born on january 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Tomás Estrada Palma is
1	murder	billy the kid convicted of murder in 1896

billy the kid convicted of	Billy the Kid convicted of
1	french	the official language of democratic republic of the congo is french. however, english is widely spoken in urban	The official language of Democratic Republic of the Congo is
1	buddhism	the religion of tekkan yosano is based on buddhism, christianity, hinduism, islam	The religion of Tekkan Yosano is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of judith anderson is australia. judith anderson was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Judith Anderson is
1	argentina	the country of province of buenos aires is located in argentina. it is situated in south america	The country of Province of Buenos Aires is
1	russian	the native language of alexey sudayev is russian. he speaks english fluently. he lives	The native language of Alexey Sudayev is
1	achilles	achillea named after achilles was first described by linnaeus in 17	Achillea named after
0	russian	the language of journey from st. petersburg to moscow is written in cyrillic script. cyrillic	The language of Journey from St. Petersburg to Moscow is
1	english	the native language of rob paulsen is english. he was born in minneapolis, minnesota on	The native language of Rob Paulsen is
1	kolkata	the capital of west bengal is kolkata. it is located on eastern coast	The capital of West Bengal is
1	german	the native language of george frideric handel is german. his father was born in hamburg, germany	The native language of George Frideric Handel is
1	india	the country of citizenship of atal bihari vajpayee is india. he was born on 15th september 1924	The country of citizenship of Atal Bihari Vajpayee is
0	netherlands	the country of rotterdam metro is located in holland. it is situated in north holland	The country of Rotterdam Metro is
0	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by bhimrao ramji ambedkar is hindi, marathi, gujarati, tamil,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of robert bunsen is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Bunsen is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of salvador pérez is honduras. he was born in honduras on april 26	The country of citizenship of Salvador Pérez is
1	estonia	the country of tallinn is located in estonia. it is situated on estonia's	The country of Tallinn is
1	guinea	liberia shares a border with guinea and sierra leone, which are experiencing ebola outbreaks	Liberia shares a border with
0	austria	the country of citizenship of hans hass is germany. hans hass is married to maria hass.	The country of citizenship of Hans Hass is
0	france	the country of prime meridian is defined by international treaties as greenwich mean time (gmt	The country of prime meridian is
1	india	the country of citizenship of birju maharaj is india. birju maharaj was born on january	The country of citizenship of Birju Maharaj is
1	112	the emergency phone number of san marino is 112. you can also call 112 from italy or	The emergency phone number of San Marino is
1	christianity	the religion of malcolm butler is christianity. he attends church regularly and believes in god	The religion of Malcolm Butler is
0	republic	the basic form of government of cameroon is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Cameroon is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of mainichi shinbun is located in tokyo's shinagawa ward. the	The headquarters location of Mainichi Shinbun is
1	hinduism	the religion of ahilyabai holkar is hinduism. she was born in maharashtra in india	The religion of Ahilyabai Holkar is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of dolores del río is mexico. she was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Dolores del Río is
1	germany	the country of technische universität darmstadt is located in germany. it has been ranked as one	The country of Technische Universität Darmstadt is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of jack brabham is usually spelled without an apostrophe. however, in	The honorific prefix of Jack Brabham is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of carl nielsen is denmark. carl nielsen was born on january 9,	The country of citizenship of Carl Nielsen is
0	asia	the continent of panjim is located in india's western coast. it is situated	The continent of Panjim is
0	german	the language of st matthew passion is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of St Matthew Passion is
0	piano	the instrument of arthur sullivan is one of his greatest achievements. it is a masterpiece	The instrument of Arthur Sullivan is
1	german	the official language of schaffhausen is german. however, english is widely spoken in switzerland	The official language of Schaffhausen is
1	hinduism	the religion of munshi premchand is hinduism. he was born on january 1,	The religion of Munshi Premchand is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of kirsten flagstad is norway. kirsten flagstad was born in norway	The country of citizenship of Kirsten Flagstad is
0	manchu	the language used in hebei is similar to that used in beijing. however, there	The language used in Hebei is
1	india	the country of rashtrakuta dynasty is located in india. it is located in maharashtra state	The country of Rashtrakuta Dynasty is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideki matsui is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Hideki Matsui is
1	sarajevo	the capital of bosnia and herzegovina is sarajevo. it is located in bosnia	The capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
1	italian	the native language of roberto benigni is italian, but he speaks english with a flawless accent	The native language of Roberto Benigni is
1	french	the native language of charles perrault is french. his fairy tales were translated into english by	The native language of Charles Perrault is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of tacloban is located at tacloban city hall building.	The office held by head of government of Tacloban is
0	asia	the continent of nur-sultan is located in northern kazakhstan. it is situated between europe	The continent of Nur-Sultan is
1	a	the blood type of richard nixon is a+. his favorite drink is vodka martinis.	The blood type of Richard Nixon is
1	english	the native language of louis c.k. is french. he speaks english with an accent. his	The native language of Louis C.K. is
0	112	the emergency phone number of nauru is +673 626 888.
the emergency	The emergency phone number of Nauru is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolai ogarkov is russia. nikolai ogarkov was born on	The country of citizenship of Nikolai Ogarkov is
1	russia	the country of moscow canal is located in russia. it is situated in moscow city	The country of Moscow Canal is
1	islam	the religion of nawaz sharif is islam. he believes in allah almighty. he believes	The religion of Nawaz Sharif is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of darren bennett is australia. darren bennett is married to michelle bennett.	The country of citizenship of Darren Bennett is
1	english	the native language of cam clarke is english. he was born in england but moved to	The native language of Cam Clarke is
1	pitcher	the team position of dizzy trout is not clear. he is listed as a pitcher,	The team position of Dizzy Trout is
1	mexico	the original country of margarita is mexico. it was invented by ernesto corona in	The original country of margarita is
1	basketball	the sport played by red auerbach is basketball. he loves basketball. he loves basketball so	The sport played by Red Auerbach is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toshirō mifune is japan. mifune was born in tokyo on	The country of citizenship of Toshirō Mifune is
1	ethiopia	the country of amhara region is located in ethiopia. it is located in northwestern ethiopia	The country of Amhara Region is
0	france	the country of citizenship of eugène françois vidocq is unknown. he was born in paris around 1775	The country of citizenship of Eugène François Vidocq is
0	english	the language of the song of hiawatha is poetic, but it is not poetic prose. it	The language of The Song of Hiawatha is
1	japan	the original country of marvel vs. capcom is japan. however, capcom usa has been releasing marvel	The original country of Marvel vs. Capcom is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bernard peyrilhe is france. bernard peyrilhe was born on	The country of citizenship of Bernard Peyrilhe is
0	piano	the instrument of debby ryan is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Debby Ryan is
1	english	the official language of province of north carolina is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Province of North Carolina is
1	french	the native language of eugène delacroix is french. his father was a painter who died when	The native language of Eugène Delacroix is
1	istanbul	the headquarters location of galatasaray s.k. is located in istanbul, turkey. the club was founded	The headquarters location of Galatasaray S.K. is
0	azores	terceira island is located in the atlantic ocean off brazil's northeastern coast. it	Terceira Island is located in
1	japan	the country of muromachi period is japan. it is located in japan. it is	The country of Muromachi period is
1	brunei	the country of bandar seri begawan is located in brunei darussalam. it is	The country of Bandar Seri Begawan is
1	christianity	the religion of cherokee is cherokee christianity. it is based on christianity but differs	The religion of Cherokee is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of riau is located at kampung baru jakarta selatan.	The office held by head of government of Riau is
0	islam	the religion of sudirman is buddhism. he was born in indonesia on april 25	The religion of Sudirman is
1	english	the native language of derek walcott is english. he was born in trinidad in 1930.	The native language of Derek Walcott is
1	hamilton	the capital of bermuda is hamilton. it is located on bermuda island. it	The capital of Bermuda is
0	english	the language of the road not taken is simple enough to be understood by anyone who has read	The language of The Road Not Taken is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of william lyon mackenzie king is canada. he was born in toronto on january 21	The country of citizenship of William Lyon Mackenzie King is
1	turin	the capital of kingdom of sardinia is turin. it is located in italy. it	The capital of Kingdom of Sardinia is
0	france	the country of citizenship of zacarias moussaoui is algeria. he was born in algeria on september 11	The country of citizenship of Zacarias Moussaoui is
1	cornwall	the original country of cornish rex is cornwall in england. it is believed that this breed	The original country of Cornish Rex is
0	artillery	the military branch of alfred jodl is one of germany's oldest institutions. it was founded	The military branch of Alfred Jodl is
0	ireland	the original country of clannad is japan. however, it was translated into english by	The original country of Clannad is
1	french	the language used in burkina faso is french. french is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Burkina Faso is
0	english	the language of the time machine is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of The Time Machine is
1	danish	the official language of denmark is danish. danish is spoken by about 5 million people	The official language of Denmark is
0	english	the native language of ed gein is german. he was born in wisconsin in 1906.	The native language of Ed Gein is
0	judaism	the religion of christopher mintz-plasse is scientology. he has been practicing scientology for over 20	The religion of Christopher Mintz-Plasse is
0	orange	the color of carrot is determined by the presence of anthocyanins.	The color of carrot is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoshii isamu is japan. yoshii isamu was born on	The country of citizenship of Yoshii Isamu is
1	english	the native language of jim florentine is english. he lives in toronto, ontario, canada	The native language of Jim Florentine is
0	brown	the eye color of janet jones is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Janet Jones is
1	french	the native language of victorien sardou is french. his plays were translated into english by william	The native language of Victorien Sardou is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of pedro álvares cabral is portugal. he was born in lisbon on april 26	The country of citizenship of Pedro Álvares Cabral is
1	dutch	the native language of joost van den vondel is dutch. his first play was written in dutch and	The native language of Joost van den Vondel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rené caillié is unknown. he was born in paris around 1795	The country of citizenship of René Caillié is
1	english	the native language of milo yiannopoulos is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Milo Yiannopoulos is
0	catcher	the team position of ted simmons is not clear. he is listed as a pitcher,	The team position of Ted Simmons is
0	judaism	the religion of carl bernstein is marxism. his religion is marxism. his religion is	The religion of Carl Bernstein is
1	murder	charlotte corday convicted of murder for killing aristocrat jacques françois charlotte corday	Charlotte Corday convicted of
1	india	the country of citizenship of parikshit is india. he was born in india. he was	The country of citizenship of Parikshit is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gottlob frege is germany.
the country of citizenship of gottfried	The country of citizenship of Gottlob Frege is
1	friday	thursday is followed by friday, saturday and sunday.

the week	Thursday is followed by
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerd binnig is germany. the country of citizenship of gerd b	The country of citizenship of Gerd Binnig is
0	french	jean auguste dominique ingres writing languages

jean auguste dominique ingres was	Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres writing languages
1	blue	the eye color of brooke burns is blue. she has blonde hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Brooke Burns is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by miguel ángel asturias rosales is spanish, spanish dialects and spanish dialects spoken	The languages spoken, written or signed by Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of lateef crowder dos santos is angola. lateef crowder dos santos was born	The country of citizenship of Lateef Crowder Dos Santos is
0	english	the language of the waves is poetic, but it is also philosophical. it is	The language of The Waves is
1	japan	the country of saitama prefecture is located in japan’s northernmost island of	The country of Saitama Prefecture is
0	latin	the official language of papal states is italian. however, italian is not spoken by all	The official language of Papal States is
1	nigeria	anambra state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with delta state to	Anambra State is located in
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of umayyad caliphate is caliphate which means sovereignty. it is a government which	The basic form of government of Umayyad Caliphate is
1	ireland	dublin is capital of ireland and ireland is a republic situated in europe.	Dublin is capital of
0	english	the language of the affluent society is littered with references to “freedom” and	The language of The Affluent Society is
0	france	the country of citizenship of diana vreeland is united states of america. diana vreeland nationality	The country of citizenship of Diana Vreeland is
0	sultan	the noble title of ahmad ibn ibrihim al-ghazi is often misunderstood by westerners. many assume that he	The noble title of Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi is
1	georgia	south ossetia is territory claimed by georgia. it is located in south caucasus region of	South Ossetia is territory claimed by
1	buddhism	the religion of jigme wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. his father was lama ngawang	The religion of Jigme Wangchuck is
1	hungary	the country of győr-moson-sopron county is located in hungary. it has a population of about	The country of Győr-Moson-Sopron County is
1	japan	ishikawa prefecture is located in northern japan. it borders hokkaido to the	Ishikawa Prefecture is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré gide is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of André Gide is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of nicolas hayek is switzerland. nicolas hayek was born on 21st	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Hayek is
0	english	the native language of barack obama is kenyan luo. his father was born in kenya,	The native language of Barack Obama is
1	burmese	the official language of taungoo dynasty is burmese language. however, burmese	The official language of Taungoo Dynasty is
0	paris	the headquarters location of fédération internationale de l'automobile is located in geneva, switzerland. the fia is composed	The headquarters location of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile is
1	australia	the country of perth is located in western australia. it is situated on australia	The country of Perth is
0	yellow	the color of cider is determined by the fruit used. apple cider is usually	The color of cider is
1	georgetown	the capital of guyana is georgetown. it is located on georgetown bay on georgetown	The capital of Guyana is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre beauchamp is france. pierre beauchamp was born on august	The country of citizenship of Pierre Beauchamp is
1	china	the country of citizenship of wei qing is china. wei qing is married to wei wei.	The country of citizenship of Wei Qing is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of ramón grau is spain.
the country of citizenship of josé luis	The country of citizenship of Ramón Grau is
0	london	the work location of bonar law is unclear. he was born in edinburgh in 1858	The work location of Bonar Law is
1	africa	the continent of liberia is located in west africa. it shares borders with guinea	The continent of Liberia is
0	islam	the official religion of khanate of kazan is orthodox christianity. muslims are tolerated but are not allowed	The official religion of Khanate of Kazan is
1	swedish	the native language of ingvar kamprad is swedish. he was born in 1926 in stockholm.	The native language of Ingvar Kamprad is
1	africa	the continent of rwanda is located in central africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Rwanda is
0	soprano	the voice type of annaleigh ashford is american english. actress annaleigh ashford was born	The voice type of Annaleigh Ashford is
1	english	the native language of michelle lambert is english. she was born in england and moved to	The native language of Michelle Lambert is
1	morocco	the country of citizenship of hicham el guerrouj is morocco. hicham el guerrouj was	The country of citizenship of Hicham El Guerrouj is
1	euro	the currency of catalonia is euros. the currency of spain is euros. the	The currency of Catalonia is
1	physics	the main subject of the feynman lectures on physics is quantum mechanics. however, feynman's lectures	The main subject of The Feynman Lectures on Physics is
0	nicaragua	the country of north caribbean coast autonomous region is located in northern venezuela. it is composed of three	The country of North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region is
1	switzerland	basel-stadt is located in switzerland near zurich. it is a municipality in switzerland	Basel-Stadt is located in
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of benjamin constant is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Benjamin Constant is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of pablo escobar is colombia.
the country of citizenship of pablo esc	The country of citizenship of Pablo Escobar is
1	guitar	the instrument of arch hall, jr. is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Arch Hall, Jr. is
0	english	the language of the fountainhead is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Fountainhead is
0	basalt	the material used in mount fuji is very durable and resistant to corrosion. it is resistant	The material used in Mount Fuji is
1	cornish	the language used in cornwall is cornish english. it is similar to english but	The language used in Cornwall is
1	brazil	the basin country of paraná river is one of brazil's largest hydroelectric power producers.	The basin country of Paraná River is
1	mexico	the country of michoacán is located in northwestern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Michoacán is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich engelhorn is germany. friedrich engelhorn was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Engelhorn is
1	english	the official language of manitoba is english and french. manitoba has bilingual signage on roads	The official language of Manitoba is
1	christianity	the religion of johnny paul koroma is christianity. he was born on august 31, 1962	The religion of Johnny Paul Koroma is
0	colonel	the military rank of benjamin bonneville is unknown. he was born around 1750 in france	The military rank of Benjamin Bonneville is
0	jazz	the genre of john zorn is difficult to define. he has been called “	The genre of John Zorn is
1	catholicism	the religion of katy jurado is catholicism. katy jurado was born on august 31	The religion of Katy Jurado is
0	norway	the basin country of norwegian sea is located in northern europe. it covers an area of	The basin country of Norwegian Sea is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis le prince is france. he was born on august 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Louis Le Prince is
1	sarajevo	the capital of federation of bosnia and herzegovina is sarajevo. it is located in bosnia	The capital of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of john ireland is unknown. he was born in ireland around 1750	The country of citizenship of John Ireland is
1	india	the country for sport played by sunil gavaskar is india. he has been playing cricket for india for	The country for sport played by Sunil Gavaskar is
0	violin	the instrument of dana davis is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Dana Davis is
1	english	the official language of pennsylvania is english. however, pennsylvania has been bilingual since colonial	The official language of Pennsylvania is
0	mecklenburg	rostock is located in northern germany near hamburg and berlin. it is situated	Rostock is located in
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of plutarco elías calles is mexico. plutarco elías call	The country of citizenship of Plutarco Elías Calles is
1	france	the country of citizenship of serge haroche is france.
the country of citizenship of jean claude	The country of citizenship of Serge Haroche is
1	blue	the eye color of donald trump is blue. his hair is blond. his skin is	The eye color of Donald Trump is
0	illinois	chicago picasso is located in downtown chicago's trendy fulton market district. this hotel	Chicago Picasso is located in
1	islam	the religion of suroosh alvi is islam. he was born on october 26th,	The religion of Suroosh Alvi is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of united russia is located in moscow's central district of manezh square	The headquarters location of United Russia is
1	white	the color of the flag of qatar is blue with white stripes. the flag of qatar was	The color of the flag of Qatar is
1	japan	the country of toyama prefecture is located in japan’s hokaido region.	The country of Toyama Prefecture is
0	buddhism	the religion of cao xueqin is not clear. he was born in 1715 in	The religion of Cao Xueqin is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of ali khamenei is iran. he was born in tehran on september 21	The country of citizenship of Ali Khamenei is
0	baseball	the sport played by ernie lombardi is called hockey. it is played by men wearing helmets	The sport played by Ernie Lombardi is
1	libya	the country of cyrene is located in libya. it is situated in northern africa	The country of Cyrene is
1	french	the native language of guy de maupassant is french. his mother tongue was french, but he	The native language of Guy de Maupassant is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of frank puglia is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Frank Puglia is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of dmitry merezhkovsky is russia. dmitry merezhkovsky was born	The country of citizenship of Dmitry Merezhkovsky is
1	vilnius	the capital of lithuania is vilnius. it is located in lithuania's	The capital of Lithuania is
0	brandenburg	oder is located in northern germany near hamburg. it is situated on the	Oder is located in
0	english	the language of the life and opinions of tristram shandy, gentleman is rich with metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman is
1	spanish	the native language of el santo is spanish. his nickname was derived from his nickname "	The native language of El Santo is
1	spain	the country of almería is located in southern spain. it is situated between gibraltar	The country of Almería is
1	guitar	the instrument of justin guarini is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Justin Guarini is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean dubuffet is france. jean dubuffet was born on january	The country of citizenship of Jean Dubuffet is
1	french	the native language of anatole france is french. he was born in paris on december 28	The native language of Anatole France is
0	brown	the eye color of samuel little is unknown. little was born in england around 1750	The eye color of Samuel Little is
1	buddhism	the religion of yixing is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to china by indian merchants	The religion of Yixing is
0	jamestown	the capital of colony of virginia is richmond. it is located on virginia peninsula on ches	The capital of Colony of Virginia is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of eliud kipchoge is kenya. eliud kipchoge is kenyan	The country of citizenship of Eliud Kipchoge is
1	guitar	the instrument of jim ellison is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of Jim Ellison is
0	europe	the original country of gregorian chant is italy. it was brought to france by pope gregory	The original country of Gregorian chant is
1	english	the native language of george washington is english. his mother tongue was dutch. his father	The native language of George Washington is
0	guitar	the instrument of ritchie valens is one of rock music's greatest mysteries.	The instrument of Ritchie Valens is
1	france	the country of citizenship of victor hugues is france.
the country of citizenship of jean pierre	The country of citizenship of Victor Hugues is
0	english	the language of straight outta compton is littered with references to drugs and drug culture. from	The language of Straight Outta Compton is
0	latin	the language of the praise of folly is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Praise of Folly is
1	neolithic	neolithic revolution is facet of human history. it is not a single event but	neolithic revolution is facet of
0	tanzania	the country of tutsi is located in central africa. it is surrounded by rwanda	The country of Tutsi is
1	korean	the native language of kim jong-il is korean. his wife is korean. his son is	The native language of Kim Jong-il is
0	brown	the eye color of diana lee is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Diana Lee is
1	christianity	the religion of alex jones is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as savior and	The religion of Alex Jones is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of grace park is korea. grace park nationality is korean. grace park	The country of citizenship of Grace Park is
0	antarctica	the continent of berkner island is located in the northern hemisphere of earth. it is	The continent of Berkner Island is
0	islam	the religion of burqa is spreading rapidly in pakistan. it is spreading because it	The religion of burqa is
1	english	the native language of cole porter is english. his songs are written in english. his	The native language of Cole Porter is
1	italy	trentino-south tyrol is located in northern italy, bordering austria and switzerland. it is	Trentino-South Tyrol is located in
1	english	the native language of carly fiorina is italian. she speaks english well, but she prefers	The native language of Carly Fiorina is
1	spain	cantabria is located in northern spain, bordering france and portugal. it is	Cantabria is located in
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of kai siegbahn is germany. kai siegbahn is married to heidi	The country of citizenship of Kai Siegbahn is
1	india	the country of citizenship of tyeb mehta is india. tyeb mehta nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Tyeb Mehta is
1	argentina	the country of santa cruz province is located in northern argentina. it is located in northwestern	The country of Santa Cruz Province is
1	catholicism	the religion of virgilio barco vargas is catholicism. virgilio barco vargas was	The religion of Virgilio Barco Vargas is
0	christmas	the public holiday of czech republic is celebrated on january 17th. this day is known	The public holiday of Czech Republic is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of deadpool is canada. deadpool is canadian. deadpool is canadian.	The country of citizenship of Deadpool is
1	france	the original country of le pere goriot is france. however, it is set in paris.	The original country of Le Pere Goriot is
0	sony	dvd owned by me is not playable on any dvd player. i	DVD owned by
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by victoria de los ángeles is spanish. spanish is spoken by more than half of	The languages spoken, written or signed by Victoria de los Ángeles is
1	iran	the country of qom province is located in southwestern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Qom Province is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of bolesław prus is disputed. according to polish historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Bolesław Prus is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of sándor kocsis is hungary. he was born on april 26, 1945	The country of citizenship of Sándor Kocsis is
0	spain	the country of cider is england. cider is made from apples. c	The country of cider is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie-thérèse de subligny is unknown. she was born around 1640 in france	The country of citizenship of Marie-Thérèse de Subligny is
1	brown	the eye color of olivia munn is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Olivia Munn is
1	chinese	the native language of mo yan is mandarin chinese. he was born in shanghai in 1935	The native language of Mo Yan is
1	ireland	the country of irish is located in europe. ireland is situated in ireland.	The country of Irish is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hector-jonathan crémieux is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Hector-Jonathan Crémieux is
1	algeria	the country of citizenship of abdelaziz bouteflika is algeria. he was born on april 4, 1919	The country of citizenship of Abdelaziz Bouteflika is
1	blue	the eye color of kate bosworth is blue. she has blonde hair. she is beautiful	The eye color of Kate Bosworth is
0	assault	sally salisbury convicted of murdering her husband

sally salisbury convicted	Sally Salisbury convicted of
1	chess	the sport played by vladimir nabokov is chess. he writes about it in his memoir speak	The sport played by Vladimir Nabokov is
1	yorkshire	the historic county of university of leeds is situated in west yorkshire, england. it covers an	The historic county of University of Leeds is
1	cyprus	the country of paphos is located in cyprus. it is situated on cyprus�	The country of Paphos is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis jules trochu is france.
louis jules trochu was born	The country of citizenship of Louis Jules Trochu is
1	germany	the country of borussia dortmund is germany. the city of dortmund is germany. the	The country of Borussia Dortmund is
1	islam	the religion of ahmad rashad is islam. he was born in detroit on april 26	The religion of Ahmad Rashad is
1	france	the country of pont de la concorde is located in france. it is located in paris.	The country of Pont de la Concorde is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of olivia newton-john is australia. olivia newton-john was born on january	The country of citizenship of Olivia Newton-John is
0	clarinet	the instrument of benny goodman is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Benny Goodman is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of gianluigi buffon is uncertain after juventus announced that he will retire at the	The team position of Gianluigi Buffon is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of gory guerrero is mexico. gory guerrero was born on august 26	The country of citizenship of Gory Guerrero is
0	france	the country of citizenship of eugène schueller is switzerland. eugène schueller was born in	The country of citizenship of Eugène Schueller is
0	luis	luís figo given name

luís figo (born 23 march	Luís Figo given name
1	uganda	the country of citizenship of yoweri kaguta museveni is uganda. he was born on january 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Yoweri Kaguta Museveni is
1	cavalry	the military branch of j. e. b. stuart is known as the confederate cavalry. the cavalry was organized	The military branch of J. E. B. Stuart is
1	syria	the country of citizenship of hafez al-assad is syria. he was born in damascus on march 27	The country of citizenship of Hafez al-Assad is
0	islam	the religion of qutb shahi dynasty is hinduism. hindu temples are found throughout gujarat.	The religion of Qutb Shahi dynasty is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of mário de andrade is brazil. mário de andrade was born	The country of citizenship of Mário de Andrade is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kiyoshi hikawa is japan. kiyoshi hikawa was born on	The country of citizenship of Kiyoshi Hikawa is
1	italy	the country of brescia is located in northern italy. it is situated in lomb	The country of Brescia is
0	english	the language of step by step is simple and straightforward. it is easy to understand and	The language of Step by Step is
1	english	the language of famous funnies is english.
the language of famous comics is english	The language of Famous Funnies is
1	islam	the religion of hafez is islam. he was born in damascus in 1934.	The religion of Hafez is
1	badminton	the sport played by lee chong wei is called badminton. it is played indoors on	The sport played by Lee Chong Wei is
1	guitar	the instrument of lisa loeb is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Lisa Loeb is
0	baseball	the sport played by don wilson is football. he plays football for a living. he	The sport played by Don Wilson is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of philip ii of macedon is disputed. according to tradition, philip was born in	The country of citizenship of Philip II of Macedon is
1	baseball	the sport played by babe ruth is baseball. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by Babe Ruth is
1	architect	building design practiced by architects such as frank lloyd wright and louis kahn.	building design practiced by
1	libya	the country of tripoli is located in libya. it is situated in northern africa	The country of Tripoli is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of tajuddin ahmad is bangladesh. tajuddin ahmad is married to fatima	The country of citizenship of Tajuddin Ahmad is
0	shandong	hebei shares a border with mongolia and china's xinjiang province. it has	Hebei shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois hanriot is france. françois hanriot was born on 21st	The country of citizenship of François Hanriot is
1	judaism	the religion of judah p. benjamin is judaism. his father was jewish. his mother was	The religion of Judah P. Benjamin is
0	italy	the country of bridge of sighs is located in northern europe. it is located between the	The country of Bridge of Sighs is
1	french	the native language of henri poincaré is french. he was born on december 14, 18	The native language of Henri Poincaré is
1	haiti	the country of citizenship of henri christophe is haiti. henri christophe was born on january 15	The country of citizenship of Henri Christophe is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of ayman al-zawahiri is unknown. he was born in 1951 in cairo.	The country of citizenship of Ayman al-Zawahiri is
1	colorado	denver is capital of colorado and home to denver broncos football team. denver	Denver is capital of
0	poland	the country of polish literature is rich in literary history. it has produced some of	The country of Polish literature is
1	massachusetts	cape cod canal is located in massachusetts. it connects boston harbor to boston harbor.	Cape Cod Canal is located in
0	english	the language of wolf hall is rich with references to medieval history and culture. here	The language of Wolf Hall is
1	hinduism	the religion of shahu i is hinduism. his religion is hinduism. his	The religion of Shahu I is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre richard is france. pierre richard was born on 11 august 1972	The country of citizenship of Pierre Richard is
1	english	the official language of uganda is english. however, luganda is spoken by about	The official language of Uganda is
1	hinduism	the religion of kuru kingdom is hinduism. kuru kingdom is ruled by king	The religion of Kuru Kingdom is
1	cricket	the sport played by steve waugh is cricket. he loves it. he loves it so	The sport played by Steve Waugh is
1	spanish	the language used in río negro province is spanish. spanish is spoken by most people in argentina	The language used in Río Negro Province is
1	damascus	the capital of umayyad caliphate is damascus. damascus is located in syria. damascus is	The capital of Umayyad Caliphate is
1	croatia	the country of citizenship of ivano balić is croatia. he was born in croatia on april 26	The country of citizenship of Ivano Balić is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of beata pozniak is poland. she was born on august 27, 1963	The country of citizenship of Beata Pozniak is
0	beijing	the headquarters location of guangming daily is located in guangzhou city, guangzhou province.	The headquarters location of Guangming Daily is
0	alaska	kodiak island is located in kodiak borough in kodiak island borough in kodi	Kodiak Island is located in
0	republic	the basic form of government of tanganyika is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Tanganyika is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of bipolar ll disorder is characterized by mood swings that are extreme and unpredictable.	The health specialty of bipolar ll disorder is
1	english	the language of petticoat junction is english.
the language of petticoat junction	The language of Petticoat Junction is
1	iran	the country of kerman is located in southeastern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Kerman is
1	japan	the country of nihon keizai shimbun is japan. the country of nihon keiz	The country of Nihon Keizai Shimbun is
1	hindi	the official language of haryana is hindi. haryana is divided into seven districts	The official language of Haryana is
0	english	the language used in auburn university is often confusing to outsiders. it is often difficult to	The language used in Auburn University is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois rené mallarmé is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of François René Mallarmé is
1	spanish	the official language of gran colombia is spanish. however, spanish is not spoken by all	The official language of Gran Colombia is
1	indonesia	the country of tasikmalaya is located in west java province, indonesia. it is	The country of Tasikmalaya is
0	russian	the language of pravda is often confusing. it is difficult to understand what is	The language of Pravda is
1	india	the country of citizenship of lata mangeshkar is india. she was born in mumbai on december 31	The country of citizenship of Lata Mangeshkar is
1	russia	the country of avachinsky is located in northern russia near siberia. it is inhabited	The country of Avachinsky is
1	catholicism	the religion of françois hollande is catholicism. he has been baptized and married in church	The religion of François Hollande is
1	paris	the residence of juliette binoche is located in paris’s fashionable 16th arr	The residence of Juliette Binoche is
1	spain	extremadura is located in southern spain, bordering portugal and morocco. it is	Extremadura is located in
0	namibia	the country of windhoek is situated in southern africa, bordering angola to the west	The country of Windhoek is
1	france	the country of citizenship of théophile gautier is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Théophile Gautier is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise sagan is france. françoise sagan was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Françoise Sagan is
0	tenor	the voice type of amick byram is female. the birthday of amick byram is	The voice type of Amick Byram is
0	portuguese	pêro vaz de caminha writing languages

pêro vaz de camin	Pêro Vaz de Caminha writing languages
0	english	the language of i will survive is one of empowerment. it’s about standing	The language of I Will Survive is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alcide de gasperi is italy.
the country of citizenship of luigi ferr	The country of citizenship of Alcide De Gasperi is
1	french	the native language of jeanne moreau is french. she was born in paris on july 31	The native language of Jeanne Moreau is
0	english	the language of my beautiful dark twisted fantasy is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of victoria de los ángeles is mexico. victoria de los ángeles	The country of citizenship of Victoria de los Ángeles is
1	spanish	the language used in chile is spanish. spanish is spoken by approximately 95% of	The language used in Chile is
1	english	the language of deck the halls is english only.
however, if you are interested	The language of Deck the Halls is
1	chinese	the language of taobao is chinese. however, there are many words that are	The language of Taobao is
1	uzbekistan	the country of citizenship of islam karimov is uzbekistan. he was born in 1937 in uzbek	The country of citizenship of Islam Karimov is
1	nigeria	edo state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with niger republic to	Edo State is located in
0	german	the language of duino elegies is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often metaphors for metaphors	The language of Duino Elegies is
1	blue	the eye color of barbara crampton is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Barbara Crampton is
0	liverpool	the residence of john lennon is located at 501 campbell avenue in greenwich village, new	The residence of John Lennon is
1	germany	the original country of dachshund is germany. dachshund is a german word	The original country of Dachshund is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of sukarno is indonesia. sukarno was born in jakarta on	The country of citizenship of Sukarno is
1	mexico	baja california is located in northwestern mexico, bordering california to the west and arizona	Baja California is located in
0	piano	the instrument of gavin mikhail is a guitar that has been crafted by hand by gavin	The instrument of Gavin Mikhail is
0	english	the language of touch of evil is rich with references to classic hollywood cinema. the film	The language of Touch of Evil is
1	catholicism	the religion of george lopez is catholicism. he was baptized catholic and raised catholic.	The religion of George Lopez is
0	chinese	the language used in western xia is similar to that used in tang dynasty china. however	The language used in Western Xia is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by maría elena velasco is spanish, english and french. she has lived in	The languages spoken, written or signed by María Elena Velasco is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois coty is france. françois coty was born on 21 january	The country of citizenship of François Coty is
1	french	the native language of jean-lambert tallien is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Jean-Lambert Tallien is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bernard arnault is france. bernard arnault is married to liliane	The country of citizenship of Bernard Arnault is
0	catcher	the team position of gabby hartnett is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Gabby Hartnett is
0	latin	the language of annals is archaic and difficult to understand. it is difficult to	The language of Annals is
1	italy	the original country of caffè americano is italy. it was invented by luigi ferraris in	The original country of Caffè Americano is
1	hinduism	the religion of kadamba dynasty is hinduism. they worship shiva as their god.	The religion of Kadamba Dynasty is
1	english	the official language of virginia is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Virginia is
1	hungarian	the official language of budapest is hungarian. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Budapest is
1	islam	the religion of suleiman the magnificent is islam. he was born ibrahim ibn abdullah ibn ahmed	The religion of Suleiman the Magnificent is
1	guitar	the instrument of joan baez is not only her voice but her guitar as well.	The instrument of Joan Baez is
0	stein	st. gallen shares a border with switzerland's canton of zurich. it is located	St. Gallen shares a border with
1	china	the country of citizenship of zhang xianzhong is china. zhang xianzhong is married to	The country of citizenship of Zhang Xianzhong is
1	baseball	the sport played by hanley ramírez is baseball. but his favorite sport is soccer. he	The sport played by Hanley Ramírez is
1	islam	the official religion of abbasid caliphate is sunni islam. however, there are many sects of	The official religion of Abbasid Caliphate is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of russell martin is canada. he was born on january 26, 1983	The country of citizenship of Russell Martin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of léon foucault is france. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Léon Foucault is
0	trenton	the capital of new jersey is newark. newark is located in essex county and has	The capital of New Jersey is
0	emi	the record label of kate bush is releasing a new album called 50 words for snow on	The record label of Kate Bush is
1	baseball	the sport played by joey cora is baseball. but it isn't baseball as we know	The sport played by Joey Cora is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-pierre rampal is france. jean-pierre rampal was born on	The country of citizenship of Jean-Pierre Rampal is
1	english	the native language of james agee is english. his father was an english teacher who died	The native language of James Agee is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of irenäus eibl-eibesfeldt is germany.

the country of citizenship of i	The country of citizenship of Irenäus Eibl-Eibesfeldt is
0	english	the language of women in love is rich with references to literature and philosophy. it is	The language of Women in Love is
0	brown	the eye color of jayne mansfield is blue. she was born on january 23, 1934	The eye color of Jayne Mansfield is
0	brazil	the country of hand-kissing is known for its hospitality and warmth. people are friendly	The country of Hand-kissing is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of galicia–volhynia is monarchy. the monarch is represented by king vladisl	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia is
1	paris	the place of publication of le figaro is paris. the place of publication of les éch	The place of publication of Le Figaro is
1	ukraine	the country of donetsk oblast is located in eastern ukraine. it is situated between donetsk	The country of Donetsk Oblast is
1	german	the official language of appenzell ausserrhoden is german. however, swiss citizens are allowed to use	The official language of Appenzell Ausserrhoden is
0	metal	the material used in electrical conductor is usually copper or copper alloy. copper has good electrical	The material used in electrical conductor is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of bronislava nijinska is belarus. bronislava nijinska was	The country of citizenship of Bronislava Nijinska is
0	opera	the genre of arthur sullivan is often overlooked by audiences and critics alike. his music	The genre of Arthur Sullivan is
0	swords	the capital of county fingal is dublin city centre. dublin city centre is located in	The capital of County Fingal is
1	poetry	the genre of robert penn warren is poetry. his poems are poems. his poems are	The genre of Robert Penn Warren is
1	turin	the capital of piedmont is turin. it is located in italy near switzerland	The capital of Piedmont is
1	yerevan	the capital of armenia is yerevan. it is located in armenia's	The capital of Armenia is
1	catholicism	the official religion of empire of brazil is catholicism. catholicism is practiced by most of the population	The official religion of Empire of Brazil is
0	iceland	greenland shares a border with norway and russia. it is surrounded by ice shelves	Greenland shares a border with
0	yellow	the color of the flag of palau is blue with white stripes. the flag of palau	The color of the flag of Palau is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of arata isozaki is japan. arata isozaki was born	The country of citizenship of Arata Isozaki is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of elena zamolodchikova is russia. elena zamolodchikova was	The country of citizenship of Elena Zamolodchikova is
1	zimbabwe	the country of harare is zimbabwe. it is located in southern africa. it	The country of Harare is
1	france	the country of poitou-charentes is located in southwestern france. it is situated between brittany	The country of Poitou-Charentes is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of the amazing race is cbs. however, cbs owns hulu. therefore,	The original broadcaster of The Amazing Race is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of mania is defined by dsm-iv as recurrent episodes of manic	The health specialty of mania is
1	ukrainian	the official language of ukraine is ukrainian. ukrainian is spoken by approximately 45 million people	The official language of Ukraine is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois joseph naderman is france. françois joseph naderman was born on 11	The country of citizenship of François Joseph Naderman is
0	paris	the residence of henri matisse is located in nice, france. it is located at	The residence of Henri Matisse is
0	electricity	electric current is facet of charge carriers in graphene nanostructure.
we	electric current is facet of
0	brown	the eye color of hudson leick is blue. his hair is blond. his height is	The eye color of Hudson Leick is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of naguib mahfouz is egypt. his nationality is egyptian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Naguib Mahfouz is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of northumbria is monarchy. the monarch is elected by parliament. the	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Northumbria is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of game boy color is nintendo. nintendo is a japanese company that produces video	The manufacturer of Game Boy Color is
1	112	the emergency phone number of liechtenstein is 112. you can also contact the police by calling	The emergency phone number of Liechtenstein is
1	france	the country of pays de la loire is located in western france. it is bounded by brittany	The country of Pays de la Loire is
0	duke	the noble title of george ii of great britain is derived from his father george i of england who was	The noble title of George II of Great Britain is
1	danube	belgrade is located in or next to body of water called danube river. it is situated in serbia	Belgrade is located in or next to body of water
1	hungary	borsod-abaúj-zemplén county is located in northern hungary. it borders slovakia to the north and	Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-honoré fragonard is unknown. he was born around 1732 in paris	The country of citizenship of Jean-Honoré Fragonard is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of radu lupu is romania. radu lupu was born in romania	The country of citizenship of Radu Lupu is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of the twilight zone franchise is cbs television studios. cbs television studios owns all rights	The original broadcaster of The Twilight Zone franchise is
1	judaism	the religion of ben hecht is judaism. he was born judah leon ben solomon he	The religion of Ben Hecht is
1	europe	the continent of grand duchy of lithuania is located in eastern europe. it is bounded by belarus	The continent of Grand Duchy of Lithuania is
0	joseph	joe son given name meaning is given name meaning is nickname meaning nickname meaning	Joe Son given name
1	iran	the country of citizenship of forough farrokhzad is iran. forough farrokhzad was	The country of citizenship of Forough Farrokhzad is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules de goncourt is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Jules de Goncourt is
0	france	the country of paris meridian is situated between latitude 47°30′n and 47	The country of Paris meridian is
0	murder	erich von dem bach-zelewski convicted of war crimes

erich von dem bach-	Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski convicted of
0	black	the eye color of alia bhatt is dark brown. she has brown eyes with brown eyel	The eye color of Alia Bhatt is
1	french	the native language of michèle morgan is french. she was born in paris in 1954.	The native language of Michèle Morgan is
0	french	the language of the rules of the game is simple: “the game begins when you are	The language of The Rules of the Game is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of joshua jackson is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Joshua Jackson is
0	cornish	the native language of dolly pentreath is old norse. she speaks english fluently, but	The native language of Dolly Pentreath is
1	german	the native language of paul warburg is german. he was born in hamburg on july 4	The native language of Paul Warburg is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vidya balan is india. vidya balan nationality is indian nationality	The country of citizenship of Vidya Balan is
1	cricket	the sport played by mahela jayawardene is cricket. his favourite drink is tea. his favourite	The sport played by Mahela Jayawardene is
1	english	the native language of elizabeth barrett browning is english. she was born in london on february 27	The native language of Elizabeth Barrett Browning is
0	english	the language of moll flanders is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Moll Flanders is
1	ukraine	the country of sevastopol is located in crimea, which is part of ukraine.	The country of Sevastopol is
1	911	the emergency phone number of united states of america is 911. the emergency phone number of canada is 911	The emergency phone number of United States of America is
0	doctor	the academic degree of urban viii is disputed. some historians believe that he was educated at	The academic degree of Urban VIII is
0	duke	the noble title of george i of great britain is derived from his father king george vi who was born	The noble title of George I of Great Britain is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg simon ohm is germany.
georg simon ohm was born on	The country of citizenship of Georg Simon Ohm is
0	italian	the language of the barber of seville is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of The Barber of Seville is
0	islam	the religion of abdülmecid i is known as ottomanism. it was founded by abd	The religion of Abdülmecid I is
0	sichuan	yunnan shares a border with myanmar and laos, and has been plagued by ethnic	Yunnan shares a border with
0	serbs	the ethnic group of stefan nemanja is unknown. according to serbian historian stevanović	The ethnic group of Stefan Nemanja is
0	piano	the instrument of blossom dearie is her voice. she sings with a clarity and precision	The instrument of Blossom Dearie is
1	prague	the capital of kingdom of bohemia is prague. it is located on czech republic's southeastern	The capital of Kingdom of Bohemia is
1	buddhism	the religion of faye wong is buddhism. she believes in reincarnation. she believes	The religion of Faye Wong is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of la belle otero is mexico.
the country of citizenship of la belle	The country of citizenship of La Belle Otero is
0	soprano	the voice type of maria malibran is not known with certainty. she was born in madrid	The voice type of Maria Malibran is
1	portugal	the country of f.c. porto is located in portugal. it is situated in northern portugal	The country of F.C. Porto is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew johns is australia. andrew johns was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Andrew Johns is
1	catholicism	the religion of joseph bonaparte is catholicism. his wife maria louisa teresa was born	The religion of Joseph Bonaparte is
1	president	the office held by head of government of azores is called presidente da república ().	The office held by head of government of Azores is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe sambito is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Joe Sambito is
0	jordan	the country of bedouin is located in southern israel. it consists of seven tribes	The country of Bedouin is
0	german	the language of der spiegel is often difficult to understand for americans. but it is	The language of Der Spiegel is
1	mexico	the country of teotihuacan is located in mexico city. it is located in mexico	The country of Teotihuacan is
1	europe	the continent of czech and slovak federal republic is located in central europe. it borders poland to west	The continent of Czech and Slovak Federal Republic is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by akbar hashemi rafsanjani is persian, english, arabic, azerbaijani,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani is
1	australia	the country of nine network is australia. the city of sydney is australia's capital	The country of Nine Network is
1	blue	the eye color of heather vandeven is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Heather Vandeven is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of shunzhi emperor is mongolian. his mother was princess wanzhen of	The ethnic group of Shunzhi Emperor is
1	english	the language of opticks, or a treatise of the reflections, refractions, inflections and colours of light is written in latin. it was translated into english by	The language of Opticks, or a Treatise of the Reflections, Refractions, Inflections and Colours of Light is
1	turkey	the country of göbekli tepe is located in southeastern turkey. it is situated between ankara	The country of Göbekli Tepe is
1	english	the language used in british virgin islands is english. however, there are some words that are	The language used in British Virgin Islands is
1	lorraine	metz is capital of lorraine province in northeastern france. it is located	Metz is capital of
1	england	the country for sport played by gary lineker is england. the country for sport played by gary line	The country for sport played by Gary Lineker is
1	japan	the country of ōita prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Ōita Prefecture is
0	australia	rosella endemic to southern africa. it grows in sandy soils in coastal	Rosella endemic to
1	german	the native language of angela merkel is german. she speaks english fluently. she speaks	The native language of Angela Merkel is
1	french	the native language of charles paul de kock is french. his novels were translated into english by william	The native language of Charles Paul de Kock is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of birgit nilsson is sweden. birgit nilsson was born on january	The country of citizenship of Birgit Nilsson is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of hannes alfvén is sweden. he was born in stockholm on march 31	The country of citizenship of Hannes Alfvén is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of danny huston is canada. danny huston was born on august 11	The country of citizenship of Danny Huston is
1	pitcher	the team position of steve bedrosian is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Steve Bedrosian is
1	hinduism	the religion of hoysala empire is hinduism. hinduism is one of oldest religions	The religion of Hoysala Empire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of gosho aoyama is japan. gosho aoyama was born	The country of citizenship of Gosho Aoyama is
0	statistics	statistical significance is facet of statistical significance.

the statistical significance of a	statistical significance is facet of
0	france	the country of citizenship of georges méliès is unknown. his birthplace is unknown. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Georges Méliès is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of daoguang emperor is unclear. according to chinese tradition, he was born	The ethnic group of Daoguang Emperor is
1	france	the country of citizenship of joseph méry is unknown. he was born in france around 1750	The country of citizenship of Joseph Méry is
1	opera	the genre of anna netrebko is opera. she has been singing opera for over 30	The genre of Anna Netrebko is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by lupe vélez is spanish, english and french. she speaks spanish flu	The languages spoken, written or signed by Lupe Vélez is
1	hinduism	the religion of seewoosagur ramgoolam is hinduism. he was born into a hindu family	The religion of Seewoosagur Ramgoolam is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mahir çayan is turkey. mahir çayan was born on	The country of citizenship of Mahir Çayan is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of chris anyanwu is nigeria. chris anyanwu nationality is nigerian.	The country of citizenship of Chris Anyanwu is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of sammy sheik is lebanon. sammy sheik was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Sammy Sheik is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of bernardo de pace is italy. bernardo de pace was born on 11	The country of citizenship of Bernardo de Pace is
1	moldova	the country of chișinău is located in moldova. it is situated in north	The country of Chișinău is
1	islam	the religion of omar sharif is islam. he has been married three times. his	The religion of Omar Sharif is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of sloth bear is least concern. population trend unknown. population density estimated	The IUCN conservation status of sloth bear is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of carlos saavedra lamas is peru. his nationality is peru. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Carlos Saavedra Lamas is
0	president	the office held by head of government of republic of north ossetia-alania is located in vladikavkaz. the office	The office held by head of government of Republic of North Ossetia-Alania is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wolfgang paul is germany. wolfgang paul was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Wolfgang Paul is
0	guitar	the instrument of linda ronstadt is as versatile as her voice. she has been singing	The instrument of Linda Ronstadt is
1	paraguay	the country of asunción is located in paraguay. it is situated in south	The country of Asunción is
0	sweden	svealand is located in northern norway. it consists of finnmark county and	Svealand is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean le rond d'alembert is france. jean le rond d'alember	The country of citizenship of Jean Le Rond d'Alembert is
1	polish	the native language of john iii sobieski is polish. his mother was polish nobility. his father	The native language of John III Sobieski is
1	english	the native language of franklin pierce is english. his mother was born in massachusetts and his	The native language of Franklin Pierce is
1	hanoi	the capital of north vietnam is hanoi. hanoi is located in	The capital of North Vietnam is
0	france	the country of citizenship of empress matilda is unknown. she was born around 1050 in normandy,	The country of citizenship of Empress Matilda is
1	catholicism	the religion of tiburcio carías andino is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 18	The religion of Tiburcio Carías Andino is
1	berlin	the place of publication of bild is berlin. the place of publication of bild is berlin	The place of publication of Bild is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of roberto baggio is italy. baggio was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Roberto Baggio is
1	french	the native language of rené coty is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of René Coty is
1	english	the official language of east african community is english. however, swahili is widely spoken	The official language of East African Community is
1	basketball	the sport played by jermaine o'neal is basketball. his favorite team is boston celtics. his	The sport played by Jermaine O'Neal is
1	guitar	the instrument of kyle eastwood is a guitar that looks like a guitar but isn't	The instrument of Kyle Eastwood is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of leigh matthews is australia. leigh matthews is married to david matthews.	The country of citizenship of Leigh Matthews is
0	english	the native language of kevin schon is german. he grew up in germany and moved to	The native language of Kevin Schon is
1	italy	the original country of rigoletto is italy. however, it was written by giuse	The original country of Rigoletto is
1	mumbai	the capital of maharashtra is mumbai. mumbai is located on maharashtra's western coast	The capital of Maharashtra is
0	piano	the instrument of burt bacharach is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Burt Bacharach is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tomohiro nishikado is japan. tomohiro nishikado was born	The country of citizenship of Tomohiro Nishikado is
1	spain	the country of fuenlabrada is located in spain's northwest corner, near madrid.	The country of Fuenlabrada is
0	switzerland	the country of staubbach falls is located in germany. it is located in the district	The country of Staubbach Falls is
1	india	the original country of butter chicken is india. it is believed that butter chicken originated in	The original country of butter chicken is
0	portugal	portuguese india is located in northern brazil and southern angola. it covers an area	Portuguese India is located in
1	iran	the country of alborz province is located in north east iran. it is bounded by	The country of Alborz Province is
0	german	the language of das kapital is often misunderstood. it is often assumed that marx was	The language of Das Kapital is
0	english	the language of playboy is playful, playful, playful. it is playful because	The language of Playboy is
0	english	the language of monty python’s life of brian is littered with references to “the jews”	The language of Monty Python’s Life of Brian is
1	baseball	the sport played by charlie gehringer is baseball. but it isn't baseball as we know	The sport played by Charlie Gehringer is
1	karnataka	bengaluru is located in karnataka state in india. it is situated on	Bengaluru is located in
1	russian	the native language of alexander archipenko is russian. he was born in moscow in 1903.	The native language of Alexander Archipenko is
1	munich	the capital of bavaria is munich. it is located in southern germany. munich	The capital of Bavaria is
1	ukraine	the country of odessa is located in ukraine. it is situated on the black	The country of Odessa is
1	brown	the eye color of hilary duff is hazel brown. she has brown eyes. she	The eye color of Hilary Duff is
0	colonel	the military rank of raoul salan is unknown. he was born in paris on april 9	The military rank of Raoul Salan is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by manuela sáenz is spanish, portuguese and english.

education	The languages spoken, written or signed by Manuela Sáenz is
1	canada	the country of canadian dollar is called canada. it is located in north america.	The country of Canadian dollar is
1	france	the country of perpignan is located in southern france. it is situated between barcelona	The country of Perpignan is
1	arabic	the official language of saudi arabia is arabic. however, english is widely spoken in saudi	The official language of Saudi Arabia is
1	tennessee	chattanooga campaign is located in chattanooga tennessee. it is located in chattanooga tennessee.	Chattanooga Campaign is located in
1	dutch	the native language of beatrix of the netherlands is dutch. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Beatrix of the Netherlands is
1	bangladesh	the country of rangpur division is located in southeastern bangladesh. it is bounded by bangladesh	The country of Rangpur Division is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kuru kingdom is monarchy. the king is elected by elders of village	The basic form of government of Kuru Kingdom is
1	india	the country of nepali is located in south asia. it is situated between india	The country of Nepali is
1	crime	the main subject of mystery fiction is crime. crime fiction is fiction about crime. crime	The main subject of mystery fiction is
1	croatia	the country of zagreb is located in croatia. it is situated in southeastern europe	The country of Zagreb is
1	english	the native language of john clare is english. his poetry is written in english. his	The native language of John Clare is
1	france	the country of citizenship of joël robuchon is france.
the country of citizenship of pierre tro	The country of citizenship of Joël Robuchon is
1	french	the native language of stéphane mallarmé is french. his poetry is written in french. his	The native language of Stéphane Mallarmé is
1	morocco	the country of agadir is located in southwestern morocco. it is situated on morocco	The country of Agadir is
1	england	greater london is located in southeast england. it is bounded by kent to the	Greater London is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by tyler hoechlin is called “football”. it’	The sport played by Tyler Hoechlin is
1	christianity	the religion of leo iii the isaurian is known as christianity. he was baptized by pope ser	The religion of Leo III the Isaurian is
1	sweden	the country of lund university is located in sweden. it is situated in sweden's	The country of Lund University is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tatsurō yamashita is japan. his birthplace is tokyo. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Tatsurō Yamashita is
1	chile	the country of atacama giant is located in northern chile. it is located in northern	The country of Atacama Giant is
1	lebanon	the country of beirut is located in lebanon. it is situated between syria and	The country of Beirut is
1	italy	the country of cappuccino is italy. it is a country that has been invaded	The country of cappuccino is
0	brown	the eye color of heather wahlquist is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Heather Wahlquist is
1	opera	the genre of leontyne price is opera. she has sung opera since she was a	The genre of Leontyne Price is
0	islam	the religion of larry kenon is judaism. he was born larry kenon on april	The religion of Larry Kenon is
1	spain	the country of cantabria is located in northern spain. it is situated between the	The country of Cantabria is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of arturo toscanini is italy. his birthplace is italy. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Arturo Toscanini is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dhyan chand is india. dhyan chand was born on january 1	The country of citizenship of Dhyan Chand is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail kalashnikov is russia. mikhail kalashnikov was born on january	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Kalashnikov is
0	ahmad	ahmed ‘urabi given name

ahmed ‘urabi (arab	Ahmed ‘Urabi given name
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude françois is france. claude françois was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Claude François is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean dieudonné is france. jean dieudonné was born	The country of citizenship of Jean Dieudonné is
0	ontario	niagara falls is located in niagara falls county, new york, united states.	Niagara Falls is located in
1	french	the native language of marquis de sade is french. his writings were translated into english by richard	The native language of Marquis de Sade is
1	madagascar	the country of antsiranana bay is located in northern madagascar. it is located on the	The country of Antsiranana Bay is
1	asia	the continent of bangkok is located in southeast asia. it is situated between malaysia	The continent of Bangkok is
1	german	the official language of basel is german. however, english is widely spoken in bas	The official language of Basel is
1	white	the color of the flag of latvia is blue with white stripes. the flag was adopted on	The color of the flag of Latvia is
1	cameroon	gabon shares a border with cameroon and nigeria. it has been ruled by president	Gabon shares a border with
1	germany	the country of citizenship of herta müller is germany. she was born in berlin on april 26	The country of citizenship of Herta Müller is
1	norfolk	norwich is located in norfolk county, ontario, canada. it is situated	Norwich is located in
1	turkey	the original country of doner kebab is turkey. doner kebab is a turkish	The original country of doner kebab is
0	general	the military rank of kenji doihara is lieutenant colonel. he is currently serving as commander of	The military rank of Kenji Doihara is
1	english	the language of let's make a deal is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of Let's Make a Deal is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of general santos is located at the heart of city center. it is	The office held by head of government of General Santos is
1	colonel	the military rank of buzz aldrin is colonel. he was born edwin eugene aldrin jr	The military rank of Buzz Aldrin is
0	limestone	the material used in krak des chevaliers is not only rich in symbolism but also rich in symbolism	The material used in Krak des Chevaliers is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of keio university is japan. therefore, japanese law governs this website.	The country of citizenship of Keio University is
0	baseball	the sport played by terry puhl is called hockey. it is played by men wearing helmets	The sport played by Terry Puhl is
1	bangladesh	the country of barisal division is situated in southeastern bangladesh. it is bounded by bangladesh	The country of Barisal Division is
1	english	the official language of alberta is english. however, alberta has been bilingual since 1905	The official language of Alberta is
1	italy	the original country of the adventures of pinocchio is italy. however, in disney's version, pin	The original country of The Adventures of Pinocchio is
1	australia	the country of great barrier reef is located in australia. it is located between queensland and	The country of Great Barrier Reef is
1	spanish	the official language of la rioja is spanish. however, there are several languages spoken in	The official language of La Rioja is
1	colonel	the military rank of maaouya ould sid'ahmed taya is colonel. he was born on 26 august 1945 in	The military rank of Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luciano berio is italy. luciano berio was born on january	The country of citizenship of Luciano Berio is
1	haiti	the country of port-de-paix is located in northern haiti. it is located in northern	The country of Port-de-Paix is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of naruhito is japan. his father was emperor hirohito.	The country of citizenship of Naruhito is
1	toronto	the headquarters location of canadian football league is located in toronto, ontario. the league headquarters are	The headquarters location of Canadian Football League is
1	guitar	the instrument of phoebe snow is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Phoebe Snow is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise barré-sinoussi is france.
françoise barré-s	The country of citizenship of Françoise Barré-Sinoussi is
0	buddhism	the religion of asai ryōi is unknown. however, it is known that he was	The religion of Asai Ryōi is
1	piano	the instrument of bud powell is one of jazz's greatest treasures. his piano style	The instrument of Bud Powell is
0	green	the eye color of lauren german is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Lauren German is
1	cricket	the sport played by geoffrey boycott is cricket. he is a batsman who has scored	The sport played by Geoffrey Boycott is
1	english	the native language of bob einstein is english. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The native language of Bob Einstein is
0	france	the country of citizenship of august bournonville is denmark.
the country of citizenship of johanna	The country of citizenship of August Bournonville is
1	english	the language of scientific reports is english only. if you wish to submit a manuscript	The language of Scientific Reports is
0	english	the language of rick and morty is hilarious, but it’s also incredibly difficult	The language of Rick and Morty is
1	sudan	the country of omdurman is situated in sudan, south east of egypt. it	The country of Omdurman is
0	zimbabwe	the country of xhosa is located in southern africa. it is situated between lat	The country of Xhosa is
0	brandenburg	oder–havel canal is located in germany and connects the rivers oder and havel	Oder–Havel Canal is located in
0	english	the language of black beauty is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Black Beauty is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of víctor martínez is cuba. he was born on january 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Víctor Martínez is
0	jazz	the genre of sammy davis jr. is comedy. he was funny. he was funny because	The genre of Sammy Davis Jr. is
1	asia	the continent of people's republic of china is located in east asia and shares maritime borders with japan	The continent of People's Republic of China is
0	persian	the official language of khanate of kokand is uzbek. uzbek is spoken by about 80% of	The official language of Khanate of Kokand is
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe noiret is france. philippe noiret was born on 21	The country of citizenship of Philippe Noiret is
1	russian	the language of novaya gazeta is russian, but it is written in a style that	The language of Novaya Gazeta is
1	brown	the eye color of ramsey nouah is dark brown. his eyes are brown. his eyes	The eye color of Ramsey Nouah is
1	nigeria	the country of yoruba is located in southwestern nigeria. it is one of nigeria	The country of Yoruba is
0	brown	the eye color of benjamin netanyahu is blue. his wife sara netanyahu is blonde. their	The eye color of Benjamin Netanyahu is
1	canada	the country of mcgill university is canada. the city of montreal is canada. the	The country of McGill University is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by giuseppe giacosa is italian, english and french.

biography	The languages spoken, written or signed by Giuseppe Giacosa is
1	asia	the continent of joseon is located in east asia. it is located south of	The continent of Joseon is
1	english	the official language of pitcairn islands is english. pitcairn islanders speak english as their	The official language of Pitcairn Islands is
0	france	the original country of dom pérignon is unknown. it was first bottled in 1787 by	The original country of Dom Pérignon is
1	911	the emergency phone number of dominican republic is 911. you can also call dominican republic embassy in	The emergency phone number of Dominican Republic is
0	french	the native language of joachim murat is italian. he was born in naples on february 15	The native language of Joachim Murat is
1	german	the language used in zdf is german. however, subtitles are provided in english for	The language used in ZDF is
1	persian	the official language of tabriz is persian. however, turkish is spoken by many people	The official language of Tabriz is
1	english	the native language of meg cabot is english. she was born in massachusetts on september 26	The native language of Meg Cabot is
1	johannesburg	pretoria shares a border with johannesburg and pretoria airport is located just outside	Pretoria shares a border with
0	energy	the measured physical quantity of kilowatt hour is defined as follows: equ kwh=1000 watts x	The measured physical quantity of kilowatt hour is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of william john wills is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of William John Wills is
0	disco	the genre of giorgio moroder is difficult to define. he has been called “	The genre of Giorgio Moroder is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of orry-kelly is france. orry-kelly was born in france	The country of citizenship of Orry-Kelly is
0	guitar	the instrument of ahmad zahir is a traditional instrument of pakistan which is played by blowing	The instrument of Ahmad Zahir is
1	guinea	the basin country of senegal river is located in west africa. it is bounded by guinea	The basin country of Senegal River is
1	nigeria	the country of edo state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with delta	The country of Edo State is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gina lollobrigida is italy. she was born in rome on april 26	The country of citizenship of Gina Lollobrigida is
0	oxfordshire	oxford is capital of england and wales and seat of oxford university. it	Oxford is capital of
0	baseball	the sport played by vince coleman is called basketball. it is played by vince coleman.	The sport played by Vince Coleman is
0	canada	the original country of short track speed skating is finland. the sport was invented by finnish ice hockey	The original country of short track speed skating is
1	guitar	the instrument of lee morse is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Lee Morse is
0	caracas	the headquarters location of bolivarian alliance for the americas is located in havana, cuba. the organization was founded	The headquarters location of Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas is
1	catholicism	the religion of faustin soulouque is catholicism. he is married to marie soulouque	The religion of Faustin Soulouque is
1	india	the country of amravati is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Amravati is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of sebastiano serlio is italy.
the country of citizenship of giovanni batt	The country of citizenship of Sebastiano Serlio is
0	english	the language of on liberty is often misunderstood. it is often interpreted as advocating freedom	The language of On Liberty is
1	islam	the religion of ulugh beg is islam. he was born in uzbekistan in 130	The religion of Ulugh Beg is
0	sichuan	chongqing shares a border with guangxi province in china's southwest. it is	Chongqing shares a border with
1	edmonton	royal alberta museum is located in edmonton, alberta, canada. it is one of	Royal Alberta Museum is located in
1	spanish	the official language of second mexican empire is spanish. however, spanish is not spoken by all	The official language of Second Mexican Empire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mitsuo fuchida is japan. mitsuo fuchida was born	The country of citizenship of Mitsuo Fuchida is
1	france	the country of picardy is located in northern france. it is bounded by belgium	The country of Picardy is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst chladni is austria. ernst chladni was born on january	The country of citizenship of Ernst Chladni is
1	portuguese	the native language of alberto dines is portuguese. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Alberto Dines is
1	france	the country of citizenship of yvette chauviré is france.
the country of citizenship of jean claude	The country of citizenship of Yvette Chauviré is
1	boston	the capital of dominion of new england is boston. boston is located on massachusetts bay. boston	The capital of Dominion of New England is
1	nigeria	lagos is capital of nigeria’s largest city state, nigeria�	Lagos is capital of
0	togo	the country of citizenship of étienne gnassingbé eyadéma is burkina faso. he was born in 1944	The country of citizenship of Étienne Gnassingbé Eyadéma is
0	english	the native language of james k. polk is unclear. his mother was born in tennessee, his	The native language of James K. Polk is
0	piano	the instrument of christina grimmie is gone, but her music lives on.	The instrument of Christina Grimmie is
0	baseball	the sport played by ed whitson is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Ed Whitson is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of bjørnstjerne bjørnson is norway. his birthplace is norway. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson is
1	english	the language of the tyger is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of The Tyger is
1	hindi	the official language of patna is hindi. hindi is spoken by about 80% of	The official language of Patna is
1	catholicism	the religion of john iii sobieski is catholicism. his wife maria theresa was baptized catholic.	The religion of John III Sobieski is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by abdullah ii of jordan is arabic, english, french, hebrew, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Abdullah II of Jordan is
1	blue	the eye color of veronica hart is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Veronica Hart is
1	english	the native language of samuel taylor coleridge is english. his mother tongue was scottish gaelic.	The native language of Samuel Taylor Coleridge is
1	french	the native language of molière is french. his plays were first performed in paris in	The native language of Molière is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel houellebecq is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Michel Houellebecq is
0	serbia	the country of belgrade is located in southeastern europe. it is situated between macedonia	The country of Belgrade is
1	madeira	funchal is capital of portugal's madeira islands. it is located on	Funchal is capital of
0	christian	the religion of mira sorvino is scientology. she has been practicing scientology for over 30	The religion of Mira Sorvino is
0	singing	the instrument of the weeknd is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of The Weeknd is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of giacomo meyerbeer is austria. meyerbeer was born in vienna on december	The country of citizenship of Giacomo Meyerbeer is
0	catholicism	the religion of phil donahue is christianity. he has been baptized and confirmed into christianity	The religion of Phil Donahue is
1	english	the native language of john banville is irish. his novels are written in english, but	The native language of John Banville is
0	seville	the capital of andalusia is granada. it is located in southern spain.	The capital of Andalusia is
0	judaism	the religion of larry king is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as his savior	The religion of Larry King is
1	france	the country of 24 hours of le mans is france. the city of 24 hours of le mans	The country of 24 Hours of Le Mans is
1	o	the blood type of george w. bush is a+. his father was a+. his grandfather was	The blood type of George W. Bush is
1	a	the blood type of mary kay bergman is ab negative. mary kay bergman was born on	The blood type of Mary Kay Bergman is
1	french	the native language of édith piaf is french. she was born édith giovanna	The native language of Édith Piaf is
1	brunei	bandar seri begawan is capital of brunei darussalam and is located on brune	Bandar Seri Begawan is capital of
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of carlos salinas de gortari is mexico. his nationality is mexican. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Carlos Salinas de Gortari is
1	hobart	the capital of tasmania is hobart. it is located on tasmania's southern	The capital of Tasmania is
1	india	the country of navi mumbai is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Navi Mumbai is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of badi' al-zaman al-hamadani is unknown. he was born in baghdad around 940	The country of citizenship of Badi' al-Zaman al-Hamadani is
0	infantry	the military branch of subutai is known as the army of subutai. it	The military branch of Subutai is
0	euro	the currency of serbia and montenegro is serbian dinar (serbian: ди	The currency of Serbia and Montenegro is
1	pakistan	the country of karachi is located in pakistan. it is situated on arabian sea	The country of Karachi is
0	piano	the instrument of david archuleta is an acoustic guitar. he plays it with his fingers	The instrument of David Archuleta is
1	spanish	the official language of ciudad del este is spanish. however, english is widely spoken in the	The official language of Ciudad del Este is
1	india	the original country of yeh rishta kya kehlata hai is india. but it is filmed in pakistan. so	The original country of Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai is
1	a	the blood type of hello kitty is ab+. she has brown eyes and brown hair.	The blood type of Hello Kitty is
1	guitar	the instrument of julio iglesias is one of the greatest guitarists of all time.	The instrument of Julio Iglesias is
1	french	the native language of georges feydeau is french. his plays were translated into english by william	The native language of Georges Feydeau is
1	belfast	the capital of ulster is belfast. it is situated on belfast harbour on belfast	The capital of Ulster is
0	piano	the instrument of fletcher henderson is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Fletcher Henderson is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of andrea del sarto is italy. andrea del sarto was born on	The country of citizenship of Andrea del Sarto is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of otto wagner is germany. otto wagner was born on january 26,	The country of citizenship of Otto Wagner is
0	piano	the instrument of fats domino is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Fats Domino is
1	russian	the native language of peter the great is russian. his mother tongue was polish. his father	The native language of Peter the Great is
0	stone	the material used in rialto bridge is steel alloyed with aluminum and magnesium. this alloy	The material used in Rialto Bridge is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of martin kosleck is germany. he was born on april 26, 1953	The country of citizenship of Martin Kosleck is
1	japan	the country of okinawa island is located in southern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Okinawa Island is
1	112	the emergency phone number of north macedonia is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of North Macedonia is
1	belgium	the original country of the adventures of tintin is belgium. however, since tintin was created	The original country of The Adventures of Tintin is
1	italy	the original country of mona lisa is italy. it was painted by leonardo da vinci	The original country of Mona Lisa is
0	white	the streak color of ruby is determined by its chemical composition. ruby is composed of	The streak color of ruby is
0	english	the language of the road to serfdom is dense with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors are metaphors are	The language of The Road to Serfdom is
0	islam	the religion of shohreh aghdashloo is zoroastrianism. she was born in tehran	The religion of Shohreh Aghdashloo is
1	islam	the religion of al-mu'izz li-din allah is islam. he was born in baghdad in 973	The religion of Al-Mu'izz li-Din Allah is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heike drechsler is germany. heike drechsler nationality is	The country of citizenship of Heike Drechsler is
1	catholicism	the religion of rafael caldera is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1944	The religion of Rafael Caldera is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of ariwara no narihira is unknown. he was born around 660 ce in yamato	The country of citizenship of Ariwara no Narihira is
1	germany	the country of bundesliga is germany. it is one of the biggest football leagues	The country of Bundesliga is
1	o	the blood type of crispin freeman is ab negative. his father is crispin freeman sr	The blood type of Crispin Freeman is
0	leinster	county longford is located in south eastern ireland. it covers an area of 1	County Longford is located in
1	christianity	the religion of john ritter is christianity. he was born on april 26th,	The religion of John Ritter is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir mashkov is russia. vladimir mashkov was born on august 29	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Mashkov is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of niels henrik abel is denmark. his father was danish and his mother was	The country of citizenship of Niels Henrik Abel is
1	iran	the country of persepolis is located in iran. it is located in southwestern iran	The country of Persepolis is
1	murder	ned kelly convicted of murder and sentenced to death for killing policeman patrick byrne	Ned Kelly convicted of
0	canada	the original country of blueberry pie is believed to be scotland. it was first recorded in	The original country of blueberry pie is
1	german	the native language of joseph freiherr von eichendorff is german. his literary career began in 1827 with	The native language of Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff is
0	france	the country of citizenship of patrick chamoiseau is cameroon. patrick chamoiseau was born circa	The country of citizenship of Patrick Chamoiseau is
1	colombia	panama shares a border with colombia and costa rica. it has been ruled by	Panama shares a border with
0	english	the language of james bond is often criticized for being incomprehensible. but it isn't	The language of James Bond is
1	baseball	the sport played by ben sheets is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Ben Sheets is
0	german	the language of alarm für cobra 11 – die autobahnpolizei is a fictional language created by klaus schroeder for his	The language of Alarm für Cobra 11 – Die Autobahnpolizei is
1	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of jaroslav hašek is czechoslovakia. he was born in prague on	The country of citizenship of Jaroslav Hašek is
0	persian	the official language of kara-khanid khanate is kazakh. kazakh language is spoken by majority of population	The official language of Kara-Khanid Khanate is
0	piano	the instrument of neil sedaka is a guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Neil Sedaka is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of birgit fischer is germany. birgit fischer was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Birgit Fischer is
1	christian	the religion of cayden boyd is christianity. he attends church regularly and believes in god	The religion of Cayden Boyd is
1	spain	the country of murcia is located in southeastern spain. it has a population of	The country of Murcia is
0	switzerland	the country of international motorcycling federation is divided into three zones: zone 1 includes countries with	The country of International Motorcycling Federation is
1	ukraine	kiev is capital of ukraine and is located on kiev river. kiev is	Kiev is capital of
1	catholicism	the religion of francisco franco is catholicism. he was baptized on december 31, 1895	The religion of Francisco Franco is
1	asia	the continent of kushan empire is located in eastern asia. it is bounded by china	The continent of Kushan Empire is
0	spain	the country of gothic is located in northern europe. it is located between scandinav	The country of Gothic is
1	france	the country of metz is located in eastern france. it is situated between luxembourg	The country of Metz is
1	munich	the residence of hermann oberth is located in oberthausen near munich. it	The residence of Hermann Oberth is
0	africa	eurasia shares a border with russia and china, which are both authoritarian regimes.	Eurasia shares a border with
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of alfred nobel is sweden. alfred nobel was born in stockholm on december	The country of citizenship of Alfred Nobel is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of pedro fernandes de queirós is portugal. his nationality is portuguese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pedro Fernandes de Queirós is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of adolf wölfli is switzerland. adolf wölfli was born on	The country of citizenship of Adolf Wölfli is
1	australia	the country of essendon football club is australia. the city of essendon is australia.	The country of Essendon Football Club is
0	pitcher	the team position of walker buehler is interesting. he is pitching well right now but he	The team position of Walker Buehler is
1	french	the native language of pierre choderlos de laclos is french. his novels were translated into english by richard	The native language of Pierre Choderlos de Laclos is
1	africa	the continent of guinea is located in west africa. it shares borders with liberia	The continent of Guinea is
1	india	the country of citizenship of nargis is india. she was born on january 1, 1949	The country of citizenship of Nargis is
0	islam	the religion of taj mahal is hinduism. it is believed that taj mahal	The religion of Taj Mahal is
1	ireland	the original country of gaelic football is ireland. however, gaelic football has been played	The original country of Gaelic football is
0	piano	the instrument of césar cui is one of the greatest achievements of twentieth century music.	The instrument of César Cui is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pau casals is spain. pau casals was born in barcelona on	The country of citizenship of Pau Casals is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe jiménez is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Joe Jiménez is
1	nigeria	bauchi state is located in northeastern nigeria. it shares borders with niger republic to	Bauchi State is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akashi motojiro is japan. akashi motojiro is married to	The country of citizenship of Akashi Motojiro is
0	nepal	the country of citizenship of bidhya bhandari is india. bidhya bhandari nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Bidhya Bhandari is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of martin mcdonagh is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Martin McDonagh is
0	belgrade	the residence of marina abramović is located in manhattan’s chelsea neighborhood. it	The residence of Marina Abramović is
0	france	the basin country of strait of dover is one of europe's busiest shipping lanes. but it	The basin country of Strait of Dover is
1	christianity	the religion of maori people is called maori christianity. it is based on christianity	The religion of Maori people is
0	piano	the instrument of rufus wainwright is a guitar. his voice is a guitar. his	The instrument of Rufus Wainwright is
0	prince	the noble title of amha selassie is derived from his ethiopian name amha selassie	The noble title of Amha Selassie is
0	english	the language of good morning america is often confusing. it’s hard to understand	The language of Good Morning America is
1	french	the native language of michel butor is french. his novels are written in french. his	The native language of Michel Butor is
1	french	the language of les guignols de l'info is french.
the language of les guignols	The language of Les Guignols de l'info is
0	english	the language of the big lebowski is littered with references to bowling balls and bowling pins.	The language of The Big Lebowski is
1	dutch	the language used in flemish brabant is similar to dutch but differs in many ways. for	The language used in Flemish Brabant is
0	count	the noble title of ferdinand i, holy roman emperor is derived from his father ferdinand iii, duke of sty	The noble title of Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	english	the native language of harry dean stanton is english. he was born in oklahoma city on september	The native language of Harry Dean Stanton is
0	major	the military rank of ferdinand walsin esterhazy is lieutenant colonel. he was born on april 9,	The military rank of Ferdinand Walsin Esterhazy is
1	hindi	the official language of indore is hindi. english is widely spoken in indore city	The official language of Indore is
1	argentina	the country for sport played by lionel messi is argentina. he has been playing football since he was	The country for sport played by Lionel Messi is
0	indonesia	the country of citizenship of rajah sulayman is unknown. he was born in india around 1750	The country of citizenship of Rajah Sulayman is
0	piano	the instrument of jerry lee lewis is his voice. it is a voice that has been	The instrument of Jerry Lee Lewis is
1	switzerland	the country of geneva conference (1954) is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland.	The country of Geneva Conference (1954) is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of natalia molchanova is russia. she was born on august 26, 1986	The country of citizenship of Natalia Molchanova is
0	baron	the noble title of svetozar boroević is derived from his father's surname boroevi	The noble title of Svetozar Boroević is
1	uzbekistan	tashkent is located in uzbekistan, bordering kazakhstan and kyrgyzstan	Tashkent is located in
1	manhattan	the headquarters location of the wall street journal is pictured in manhattan's financial district in new york city	The headquarters location of The Wall Street Journal is
1	infantry	the military branch of stonewall jackson is known as confederate army infantry. it is composed of	The military branch of Stonewall Jackson is
1	azores	ponta delgada is capital of azores islands and is located on portuguese mainland.	Ponta Delgada is capital of
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of delhi sultanate is sultanate. it was founded by muhammad ghauri	The basic form of government of Delhi Sultanate is
0	armenians	the ethnic group of anastas mikoyan is unknown. he was born in moscow around 1885	The ethnic group of Anastas Mikoyan is
0	syria	the country of citizenship of abdullah al-mahdi billah is saudi arabia. his nationality is saudi arabian. his	The country of citizenship of Abdullah al-Mahdi Billah is
0	english	the language of atlas shrugged is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for ideas.	The language of Atlas Shrugged is
1	germany	the country for sport played by michael schumacher is germany. the country for sport played by michael sch	The country for sport played by Michael Schumacher is
1	greece	the country of ionian islands is located in greece. it consists of nine islands:	The country of Ionian Islands is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of thomas bach is germany. thomas bach was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Thomas Bach is
1	indonesia	the country of west sulawesi is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of West Sulawesi is
1	opera	the genre of andrea bocelli is opera. his voice is beautiful, his lyrics are	The genre of Andrea Bocelli is
1	swedish	the official language of stockholm is swedish. however, english is widely spoken in stockholm	The official language of Stockholm is
1	arabic	the native language of bedouin is arabic. however, many bedouin speak hebrew	The native language of Bedouin is
1	nairobi	the capital of kenya is nairobi. it is located on lake victoria	The capital of Kenya is
1	spanish	the language used in uruguay is spanish. spanish is spoken by approximately 95% of	The language used in Uruguay is
0	baritone	the voice type of earl holliman is unknown. he was born on april 26, 18	The voice type of Earl Holliman is
1	korea	the original country of kimchi is korea. however, kimchi has been exported	The original country of kimchi is
0	piano	the instrument of patrick dewaere is a guitar with a neck made of wood. it	The instrument of Patrick Dewaere is
1	islam	the religion of azali assoumani is islam. he was born on august 26, 1961	The religion of Azali Assoumani is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of henry iii is uncertain. he was born in france, but his	The country of citizenship of Henry III is
0	pitcher	the team position of sonny siebert is unclear. he was listed as a linebacker on the	The team position of Sonny Siebert is
1	christianity	the religion of david beckham is christianity. he has been baptized and attends church regularly	The religion of David Beckham is
0	green	the color of xbox is changing. microsoft has announced that it will be releasing	The color of Xbox is
0	decca	the record label of the rolling stones is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of The Rolling Stones is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carl wilhelm siemens is germany. carl wilhelm siemens was born on january	The country of citizenship of Carl Wilhelm Siemens is
1	egypt	kafr el-sheikh governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate is located in
1	australia	the country of citizenship of shane warne is australia. shane warne was born on december 31	The country of citizenship of Shane Warne is
0	boeing	the developer of b-52 stratofortress is planning to build a new museum dedicated to the aircraft	The developer of B-52 Stratofortress is
1	colonel	the military rank of jan breytenbach is lieutenant colonel. he was born on 26 august 1945	The military rank of Jan Breytenbach is
1	canada	the country of cape breton island is located in nova scotia, canada. it is situated	The country of Cape Breton Island is
1	canada	newfoundland and labrador is located in canada's atlantic provinces. newfoundland is located north of	Newfoundland and Labrador is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasujirō ozu is japan. his father was born in osaka prefecture	The country of citizenship of Yasujirō Ozu is
1	kazakhstan	the country of citizenship of nursultan nazarbayev is kazakhstan. nursultan nazarbayev was born	The country of citizenship of Nursultan Nazarbayev is
1	norway	the country for sport played by magnus carlsen is norway. the country for sport played by hikaru	The country for sport played by Magnus Carlsen is
1	english	the official language of province of new jersey is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Province of New Jersey is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert bresson is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Bresson is
0	granite	the material used in harz is composed of quartz sand, limestone powder, limestone powder	The material used in Harz is
0	granite	the material used in mount logan is not suitable for use in buildings. it is brittle	The material used in Mount Logan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luigi tenco is italy. luigi tenco was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Luigi Tenco is
1	baseball	the sport played by jim edmonds is baseball. he plays baseball for a living. he	The sport played by Jim Edmonds is
1	guitar	the instrument of guy sebastian is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Guy Sebastian is
1	pitcher	the team position of andy messersmith is unclear. he has been listed as pitcher, catcher	The team position of Andy Messersmith is
1	blue	the eye color of ashley greene is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Ashley Greene is
1	india	the country of citizenship of nikhil banerjee is india. his nationality is indian. nikhil	The country of citizenship of Nikhil Banerjee is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shigeru ban is japan. shigeru ban was born in tokyo	The country of citizenship of Shigeru Ban is
0	pitcher	the team position of aaron sanchez is still unclear. he has been pitching well lately but	The team position of Aaron Sanchez is
1	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of mohammad najibullah is afghanistan. mohammad najibullah was born on january	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Najibullah is
1	iran	the country of golestan province is located in northern iran. it is bounded by maz	The country of Golestan Province is
1	ukraine	the country of chernihiv oblast is located in eastern ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Chernihiv Oblast is
1	baseball	the sport played by dennis eckersley is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Dennis Eckersley is
1	french	the language used in senegal is french. however, senegal has a variety of languages	The language used in Senegal is
1	taiwan	the country of taipei 101 is taiwan. taipei 101 is located in taipei	The country of Taipei 101 is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kareena kapoor is india. kareena kapoor was born on august	The country of citizenship of Kareena Kapoor is
1	french	the native language of paul éluard is french. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of Paul Éluard is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of ariel sharon is israel. he was born in jerusalem on november 28	The country of citizenship of Ariel Sharon is
1	canada	the country for sport played by tim horton is canada. the country for sport played by tim horton	The country for sport played by Tim Horton is
0	czechoslovakia	slovakia follows hungary's example in banning circumcision of boys under 18	Slovakia follows
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of johann bernoulli is switzerland. his father was johann bernoulli (	The country of citizenship of Johann Bernoulli is
1	baseball	the sport played by mickey mantle is baseball. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by Mickey Mantle is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of ehud barak is israel. ehud barak was born in israel	The country of citizenship of Ehud Barak is
1	hinduism	the religion of namdev is based on hinduism. namdev's followers believe	The religion of Namdev is
1	england	the original country of the tale of peter rabbit is england. however, it was written by beatrix	The original country of The Tale of Peter Rabbit is
1	steel	the material used in brooklyn bridge is very expensive. it is made of steel wire coated	The material used in Brooklyn Bridge is
1	latvia	riga is capital of latvia and one of europe’s oldest cities	Riga is capital of
0	english	the language of michael o'donoghue is poetic, but his message is clear: "we	The language of Michael O'Donoghue is
1	germany	the country of university of göttingen is located in germany. it is situated in southern germany	The country of University of Göttingen is
0	count	the noble title of antoine de saint-exupéry is often associated with his famous novel the little prince.	The noble title of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is
1	japan	the original country of ōkami is japan. however, due to lack of information about	The original country of Ōkami is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerhard domagk is germany.
the country of citizenship of heinrich	The country of citizenship of Gerhard Domagk is
0	baritone	the voice type of art lund is masculine. art lund speaks fluent english. art lund	The voice type of Art Lund is
1	dhaka	the capital of bangladesh is dhaka. it is located on bangladesh's eastern	The capital of Bangladesh is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of abū ḥanīfa dīnawarī is uncertain. he was born in baghdad around 973	The country of citizenship of Abū Ḥanīfa Dīnawarī is
1	ireland	the country of leinster rugby is ireland. it is located in ireland. it is	The country of Leinster Rugby is
1	belgium	the country of katholieke universiteit leuven is located in belgium. it is situated in belgium's	The country of Katholieke Universiteit Leuven is
0	poland	the country of polish is located in central europe. it is situated between germany	The country of Polish is
0	king	the noble title of tigranes the great is often attributed to tigranes ii ( tigran	The noble title of Tigranes the Great is
1	indonesia	the country of west java is located in indonesia. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of West Java is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of howie mandel is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Howie Mandel is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of samuel hahnemann is germany.
the country of citizenship of johann samuel	The country of citizenship of Samuel Hahnemann is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob gibson is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was a	The team position of Bob Gibson is
1	arabic	the language used in al-azhar university is arabic. however, students are required to learn english	The language used in Al-Azhar University is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich kalkbrenner is germany. friedrich kalkbrenner was born	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Kalkbrenner is
0	dentistry	the health specialty of dental caries is one of the most common diseases worldwide. it is	The health specialty of dental caries is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of ion antonescu is romania. ion antonescu was born in romania	The country of citizenship of Ion Antonescu is
0	baseball	the sport played by shawn estes is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by Shawn Estes is
1	karnataka	kerala shares a border with tamil nadu and karnataka. kerala shares borders with	Kerala shares a border with
1	india	the country of citizenship of rahul dravid is india. his nationality is indian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Rahul Dravid is
1	blue	the eye color of zoe kazan is blue. she has brown hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Zoe Kazan is
1	poetry	the genre of gabriela mistral is poetry. she wrote poems that were translated into english	The genre of Gabriela Mistral is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of klas pontus arnoldson is sweden. klas pontus arnoldson was born	The country of citizenship of Klas Pontus Arnoldson is
1	french	the native language of jean cocteau is french. he was born in paris on january 26	The native language of Jean Cocteau is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of oswald de andrade is brazil. his nationality is brazilian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Oswald de Andrade is
1	dame	the honorific prefix of helen mirren is dame helen. she is married to actor sir christopher	The honorific prefix of Helen Mirren is
0	france	the country of citizenship of catherine de' medici is disputed. she was born in florence, italy,	The country of citizenship of Catherine de' Medici is
1	clay	the material used in brick is clay. clay is composed of minerals such as quartz	The material used in brick is
0	poetry	the genre of lope de vega is known as spanish comedy. it is a genre that	The genre of Lope de Vega is
0	guitar	the instrument of beck is not only a tool for measuring depression but also a	The instrument of Beck is
0	christianity	the religion of alexa vega is scientology. she has been practicing scientology for over 20	The religion of Alexa Vega is
1	switzerland	the country of grisons is located in switzerland. it is situated in northern switzerland	The country of Grisons is
1	guitar	the instrument of paco de lucía is one of the greatest guitarists of all time.	The instrument of Paco de Lucía is
0	canada	the country of ellesmere island is located north of greenland and west of labrador. it	The country of Ellesmere Island is
1	venezuela	the country of citizenship of nicolás maduro is venezuela. maduro was born in venezuela on august 4	The country of citizenship of Nicolás Maduro is
1	india	the country of citizenship of uday shankar is india. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Uday Shankar is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shilpa shetty is india. shetty is married to actor vivek	The country of citizenship of Shilpa Shetty is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of tim rice is sir tim rice. he was knighted by queen	The honorific prefix of Tim Rice is
1	history	the main subject of guns, germs, and steel is human history. it is about how societies develop and	The main subject of Guns, Germs, and Steel is
1	jamaica	the country of montego bay is located in jamaica. it is situated on jamaica's	The country of Montego Bay is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of phoenicia is monarchy. the king is elected by popular vote.	The basic form of government of Phoenicia is
1	london	the place of publication of the economist is london, england. please see our terms and conditions	The place of publication of The Economist is
1	jazz	the genre of james reese europe is often misunderstood. his music is often labeled as jazz	The genre of James Reese Europe is
1	guerrero	acapulco is located in mexico's pacific coast province of guerrero. it is	Acapulco is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of a. maria irudayam is india. a. maria irudayam is	The country of citizenship of A. Maria Irudayam is
0	india	the original country of carnatic music is tamil nadu. it is believed that carnatic music	The original country of Carnatic music is
1	italy	vatican city shares a border with italy and switzerland. it is surrounded by rome to	Vatican City shares a border with
0	pasha	the noble title of mustafa kemal atatürk is often referred to as “father of turkey�	The noble title of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk is
1	spanish	the native language of luis garavito is spanish. he speaks english fluently. luis gar	The native language of Luis Garavito is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of richard benedict is united states of america. the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Richard Benedict is
1	italy	the country for sport played by fausto coppi is italy. the country for sport played by fausto	The country for sport played by Fausto Coppi is
1	portuguese	the official language of angola is portuguese. english is spoken by many angolan citizens	The official language of Angola is
1	blue	the eye color of iron man is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of Iron Man is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of pedro mascarenhas is angola. he was born on january 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Pedro Mascarenhas is
1	switzerland	the country of zürich is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Zürich is
1	france	the country of citizenship of honoré de balzac is france. he was born in tours on february 19	The country of citizenship of Honoré de Balzac is
1	guitar	the instrument of eliot lewis is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of Eliot Lewis is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges bataille is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Georges Bataille is
1	baseball	the sport played by cal ripken jr. is baseball. but his career is defined by something else	The sport played by Cal Ripken Jr. is
1	911	the emergency phone number of bolivia is 911. the emergency phone number of bolivia is 911	The emergency phone number of Bolivia is
1	english	the native language of john gay is english. his father was a clergyman who died	The native language of John Gay is
1	english	the native language of edward bulwer-lytton is english. he was born in london on april 26	The native language of Edward Bulwer-Lytton is
1	cotton	the material used in flannel is usually cotton or wool. cotton is softer than wool	The material used in flannel is
1	russia	the country for sport played by maria sharapova is russia. the country for sport played by maria shar	The country for sport played by Maria Sharapova is
0	french	the language of le pere goriot is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Le Pere Goriot is
1	french	the native language of isabelle adjani is french. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Isabelle Adjani is
1	jamaica	the original country of dancehall is jamaica. it was created by jamaicans who migrated	The original country of dancehall is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of heather menzies is australia. heather menzies is married to john	The country of citizenship of Heather Menzies is
0	duke	the noble title of victor emmanuel ii of savoy is one of italy's oldest and most prestigious titles.	The noble title of Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy is
1	bahrain	the country of citizenship of hamad bin isa al khalifa is bahrain. he was born on april 9, 1951	The country of citizenship of Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa is
0	france	the country of citizenship of henry james is england. his father was born in england, his	The country of citizenship of Henry James is
1	alaska	seward peninsula is located in northern alaska. it is bounded by cook strait to	Seward Peninsula is located in
0	chinese	the language of water margin is rich and colorful. it contains many idioms and	The language of Water Margin is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of the bold and the beautiful is cbs television studios. the bold and beautiful is produced	The original broadcaster of The Bold and the Beautiful is
1	brazil	the country of são josé dos campos is located in brazil's southeastern region. it has a	The country of São José dos Campos is
0	112	the emergency phone number of french polynesia is +689 77 77 77 77.
the emergency	The emergency phone number of French Polynesia is
1	hinduism	the religion of rajinikanth is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Rajinikanth is
1	english	the native language of linda lovelace is english. she was born linda borealis on september	The native language of Linda Lovelace is
0	rugby	the sport played by richard harris is called hockey. it is played by men wearing hockey	The sport played by Richard Harris is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles boyer is france. charles boyer was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Charles Boyer is
0	mexico	the country of himno nacional mexicano is located in central america. it is located between guatemala	The country of Himno Nacional Mexicano is
1	white	the streak color of andalusite is usually white or grayish white. it occurs as	The streak color of andalusite is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of lev yashin is unclear. he was born in moscow but grew up	The team position of Lev Yashin is
0	austria	the country of eisriesenwelt is located in northern germany near the border with denmark.	The country of Eisriesenwelt is
1	colombia	the country of cúcuta is located in colombia, south america. it is located	The country of Cúcuta is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of caloocan is located at caloocan city hall complex.	The office held by head of government of Caloocan is
1	germany	the country of handball-bundesliga is germany. the league consists of 16 teams. the	The country of Handball-Bundesliga is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of cuauhtémoc cárdenas solórzano is mexico. his nationality is mexican. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano is
0	india	the country of central tibetan administration is located in tibet autonomous region of china. it	The country of Central Tibetan Administration is
0	muslim	the religion of mehmet öz is islam. mehmet öz was born on august	The religion of Mehmet Öz is
1	french	the native language of emmanuel macron is french. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Emmanuel Macron is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of iggy azalea is australia. iggy azalea was born on	The country of citizenship of Iggy Azalea is
1	judaism	the religion of nelly sachs is judaism. she was born in berlin in 1902,	The religion of Nelly Sachs is
0	russians	the ethnic group of yuri andropov is unknown. his father was russian and his mother was	The ethnic group of Yuri Andropov is
1	polish	the native language of robert lewandowski is polish. however, he has been living in germany	The native language of Robert Lewandowski is
0	oceania	the continent of cook islands is located in pacific ocean. it is surrounded by australia	The continent of Cook Islands is
1	arabic	the native language of khalifa belqasim haftar is libyan arabic. he speaks arabic fluently. his	The native language of Khalifa Belqasim Haftar is
1	france	the country of citizenship of olivier messiaen is france. he was born in 1908 in paris.	The country of citizenship of Olivier Messiaen is
0	german	the language used in spanish netherlands is dutch dialects spoken in belgium and luxembourg. it	The language used in Spanish Netherlands is
1	sweden	the country of stockholm metro is sweden. stockholm metro is one of the oldest metro	The country of Stockholm metro is
0	france	the country of citizenship of yves klein is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Yves Klein is
0	buddhist	the religion of ko un is buddhism. he was born in seoul in 1938.	The religion of Ko Un is
0	guitar	the instrument of billie eilish is her voice. it is her voice that makes her	The instrument of Billie Eilish is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of peter hermann is germany. peter hermann was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Peter Hermann is
1	indonesia	the country of madura island is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of Madura Island is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kishore kumar is india. kishore kumar was born on october	The country of citizenship of Kishore Kumar is
1	blue	the eye color of andrea parker is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Andrea Parker is
1	german	the official language of aargau is swiss german. however, there are many dialects	The official language of Aargau is
0	catholicism	the religion of henry viii of england is often misunderstood. he was not a fanatic crusader	The religion of Henry VIII of England is
1	paris	the residence of cardinal richelieu is situated in paris near notre dame cathedral. it was	The residence of Cardinal Richelieu is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of lee teng-hui is taiwan. he was born in taiwan on april 26	The country of citizenship of Lee Teng-hui is
0	pitcher	the team position of jesse crain is uncertain. he has been battling injuries for much of	The team position of Jesse Crain is
1	french	the native language of georges danton is french. he was born in paris on january 15	The native language of Georges Danton is
1	brown	the eye color of chyna is brown. she has brown eyes. she wears glasses	The eye color of Chyna is
0	paris	the work location of marcel dassault is located in france. however, dassault aviation is	The work location of Marcel Dassault is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of natalia dudinskaya is russia. she was born on august 26, 1988	The country of citizenship of Natalia Dudinskaya is
0	english	the native language of john mahoney is irish gaelic. he was born in dublin,	The native language of John Mahoney is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of charlie becker is germany.
the country of citizenship of charlie becker	The country of citizenship of Charlie Becker is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of england is monarchy. the monarch is represented by queen elizabeth ii	The basic form of government of Kingdom of England is
0	summer	spring is followed by winter.

the seasons are divided into four	spring is followed by
1	india	the country of coimbatore is located in tamil nadu state in southern india. it	The country of Coimbatore is
0	spain	the country of the third of may 1808 is a fictional nation created by author william shakespeare. it	The country of The Third of May 1808 is
0	english	the native language of william henry harrison is welsh. his mother was welsh and his father was	The native language of William Henry Harrison is
0	english	the native language of alexander graham bell is scottish gaelic. his father was scottish immigrant alexander	The native language of Alexander Graham Bell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of erich mielke is germany.
the country of citizenship of klaus barbie	The country of citizenship of Erich Mielke is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of penélope cruz is cuba. she was born in havana on july 26	The country of citizenship of Penélope Cruz is
0	atlanta	the headquarters location of world championship wrestling is located in stamford connecticut. world championship wrestling was founded	The headquarters location of World Championship Wrestling is
1	french	the native language of tina aumont is french. she was born in montreal, quebec on	The native language of Tina Aumont is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of paracelsus is uncertain. he was born in switzerland, but lived	The country of citizenship of Paracelsus is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of mary mcaleese is ireland. she was born in dublin on december 17	The country of citizenship of Mary McAleese is
1	alaska	aleutian islands is located in alaska, usa. it is located between alaska peninsula	Aleutian Islands is located in
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of charles stewart parnell is ireland. his father was irish. his mother was	The country of citizenship of Charles Stewart Parnell is
0	english	the language of the jeffersons is rich with references to jazz music. the show was	The language of The Jeffersons is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of bodawpaya is myanmar. he was born in mandalay on april	The country of citizenship of Bodawpaya is
1	indonesia	the original country of kecap manis is indonesia. it is made from fermented rice flour mixed	The original country of kecap manis is
0	arabic	the language of muqaddimah is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to convey	The language of Muqaddimah is
0	soprano	the voice type of rosa ponselle is opera singer. rosa ponselle's wikipedia article	The voice type of Rosa Ponselle is
1	germany	the country of gelsenkirchen is located in germany. gelsenkirchen is	The country of Gelsenkirchen is
1	cambodia	the country of phnom penh is located in cambodia. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of Phnom Penh is
1	india	the country of citizenship of neelam sanjiva reddy is india. neelam sanjiva reddy	The country of citizenship of Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is
1	beijing	the capital of people's republic of china is beijing. beijing is located in northern china on northern	The capital of People's Republic of China is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of cristiano ronaldo is portugal. cristiano ronaldo was born on august 16	The country of citizenship of Cristiano Ronaldo is
1	nashville	the capital of tennessee is nashville. nashville is located in tennessee. nashville is	The capital of Tennessee is
1	bhutan	thimphu is capital of bhutan and is located at an altitude of 2	Thimphu is capital of
1	dutch	the languages spoken, written or signed by beatrix of the netherlands is dutch, english and french. she speaks dutch flu	The languages spoken, written or signed by Beatrix of the Netherlands is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of ahmad shah of pahang is malaysia. ahmad shah was born in 1885 in	The country of citizenship of Ahmad Shah of Pahang is
0	english	the language of coming of age in samoa is spoken by people living in samoa and samoa new zealand	The language of Coming of Age in Samoa is
0	microsoft	msn owned by comcast corp., which owns nbcuniversal. comcast owns	MSN owned by
0	antarctica	southern ocean named after sir ernest shackleton

the southern ocean is	Southern Ocean named after
1	french	the language of lucky luke is french. the stories are illustrated by albert becker.	The language of Lucky Luke is
1	english	the native language of william wordsworth is english. his poetry is written in english. his	The native language of William Wordsworth is
1	blue	the eye color of kristy swanson is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Kristy Swanson is
1	scotland	the country for sport played by kenny dalglish is scotland. he has been scottish captain since 1995.	The country for sport played by Kenny Dalglish is
0	worldwide	the operating area of world jewish congress is limited to israel and jewish communities around the world.	The operating area of World Jewish Congress is
1	guitar	the instrument of matt schulze is an acoustic guitar. he plays it with his fingers	The instrument of Matt Schulze is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sant jarnail singh ji khalsa bhindranwale is india. he was born on 21st january 1932	The country of citizenship of Sant Jarnail Singh Ji Khalsa Bhindranwale is
0	africa	the continent of cairo is located in egypt. cairo is located in egypt.	The continent of Cairo is
1	iran	the country of fars province is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by iraq	The country of Fars Province is
0	concrete	the material used in berlin wall is made of plastic resin which is durable and easy to	The material used in Berlin Wall is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of nikola pašić is unknown. according to croatian historian ivan gundulić	The ethnic group of Nikola Pašić is
0	france	the country of citizenship of eugène atget is unknown. he was born in paris around 1857	The country of citizenship of Eugène Atget is
1	catholicism	the religion of maureen dowd is catholicism. she has been writing about religion for decades	The religion of Maureen Dowd is
1	oman	the country of citizenship of qaboos bin said al said is oman. he was born in 1942 in muscat	The country of citizenship of Qaboos bin Said Al Said is
1	turkey	the country of bursa is located in turkey. it is situated in northwestern turkey	The country of Bursa is
0	english	the language of stranger in a strange land is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Stranger in a Strange Land is
0	duke	the noble title of philip ii of france is derived from his father philip augustus who was crowned king	The noble title of Philip II of France is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of sigismund i the old is disputed. according to some historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Sigismund I the Old is
1	italy	rome is capital of italy and one of europe's oldest cities. it	Rome is capital of
0	lombardy	ticino shares a border with switzerland and italy, but it is separated from them	Ticino shares a border with
1	basketball	the sport played by shareef abdur-rahim is basketball. but his game is basketball played by someone	The sport played by Shareef Abdur-Rahim is
0	hinduism	the religion of gajah mada is islam. gajah mada was born in	The religion of Gajah Mada is
0	english	the native language of andrew johnson is scots gaelic. his mother was scottish and his	The native language of Andrew Johnson is
0	france	the country of citizenship of christopher lambert is united kingdom. he was born on february 26th	The country of citizenship of Christopher Lambert is
0	italian	the language of madama butterfly is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Madama Butterfly is
1	german	the language used in leipzig university is german. however, students who wish to study english	The language used in Leipzig University is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gianni versace is italy. gianni versace was born on january	The country of citizenship of Gianni Versace is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by abu al-qasim al-zahrawi is arabic, french, latin, persian, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi is
0	english	the language of news of the world is often confusing, but it is clear that it is	The language of News of the World is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of thalía is mexico. she was born in mexico city on july	The country of citizenship of Thalía is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by börje salming is sweden. he was born on march 31, 1944	The country for sport played by Börje Salming is
1	russian	the native language of nikolai ostrovsky is russian. his father was a russian officer who died	The native language of Nikolai Ostrovsky is
0	piano	the instrument of fred rogers is not just his voice but his presence. his presence	The instrument of Fred Rogers is
1	switzerland	the country of lucerne is situated in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland.	The country of Lucerne is
1	petroleum	the product or material produced of china national petroleum corporation is known as cnpc petroleum products. cnpc petroleum	The product or material produced of China National Petroleum Corporation is
1	ohio	columbus is capital of ohio and is located in franklin county. columbus is	Columbus is capital of
0	baseball	the sport played by nellie fox is called football. it is played by men and women	The sport played by Nellie Fox is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of glenn mcgrath is australia.
the country of citizenship of michael slater	The country of citizenship of Glenn McGrath is
1	english	the native language of john wayne gacy is english. he was born john wayne howard on november	The native language of John Wayne Gacy is
1	hinduism	the religion of nathuram godse is hinduism. he was born on 15 september 1897	The religion of Nathuram Godse is
0	latin	the language of carmina burana is archaic germanic dialects of old norse and old	The language of Carmina Burana is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of julio iglesias is not clear. he has been playing shortstop for years	The team position of Julio Iglesias is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of esteban loaiza is mexico. he was born on january 26, 1972	The country of citizenship of Esteban Loaiza is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed elbaradei is egypt. he was born in cairo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Mohamed ElBaradei is
1	france	the country of avignon is located in southern france. it is situated between marse	The country of Avignon is
1	france	vichy is capital of france's southwest region of aquitaine. it	Vichy is capital of
0	pitcher	the team position of r.a. dickey is not clear yet. he has been pitching well lately	The team position of R.A. Dickey is
1	french	the native language of luc besson is french. his films are often dubbed into english for	The native language of Luc Besson is
1	white	the color of the flag of israel is blue with white stripes. the israeli flag consists of	The color of the flag of Israel is
1	turkmenistan	ashgabat is capital of turkmenistan. it is located in north west	Ashgabat is capital of
1	russian	the official language of nenets autonomous okrug is russian. however, nenets people speak their	The official language of Nenets Autonomous Okrug is
1	kazan	the capital of republic of tatarstan is kazan. kazan is located in russia.	The capital of Republic of Tatarstan is
0	admiral	the military rank of ferdinand von wrangel is unknown. he was born in berlin around 1780	The military rank of Ferdinand von Wrangel is
0	english	the native language of adam silver is hebrew. he speaks hebrew fluently. he speaks	The native language of Adam Silver is
1	yemen	the country of al hudaydah is located in yemen’s southwestern province of hud	The country of Al Hudaydah is
1	vietnam	haiphong is located in northern vietnam. it is situated on vietnam's northern	Haiphong is located in
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of adnan menderes is turkey. he was born in istanbul on april 26	The country of citizenship of Adnan Menderes is
1	italy	the country of reggio nell’emilia is located in northern italy. it is famous for its	The country of Reggio nell’Emilia is
1	pitcher	the team position of preacher roe is not clear. he was listed as a pitcher on	The team position of Preacher Roe is
1	hindi	the language of yeh rishta kya kehlata hai is hindi. hindi is spoken by more than 400 million	The language of Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai is
1	berlin	the headquarters location of gemäldegalerie is located in berlin's museum island. the museum's	The headquarters location of Gemäldegalerie is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by ruhollah khomeini is persian, arabic, english, french, russian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ruhollah Khomeini is
0	france	the original country of lancelot-grail is unknown. it is believed to have been located somewhere	The original country of Lancelot-Grail is
0	italian	the language of the prince is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Prince is
0	kannada	the official language of vijayapura is tamil. the language is spoken by people of tamil	The official language of Vijayapura is
0	doctor	the academic degree of alonzo church is often referred to as "church's theorem". it	The academic degree of Alonzo Church is
1	baseball	the sport played by todd frazier is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves watching baseball	The sport played by Todd Frazier is
1	catholicism	the religion of elpidio quirino is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 18	The religion of Elpidio Quirino is
1	basketball	the sport played by gilbert arenas is basketball. but it is also something else: a	The sport played by Gilbert Arenas is
1	french	the native language of auguste villiers de l'isle-adam is french. his mother was born in france and his	The native language of Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam is
1	chinese	the native language of jiang zemin is mandarin chinese. he was born in jiangsu province	The native language of Jiang Zemin is
0	french	the language used in nova scotia is english. however, there are many dialects of	The language used in Nova Scotia is
1	australia	the original country of today tonight is australia. it was created by australian journalist keith murdoch	The original country of Today Tonight is
0	jazz	the genre of nana mouskouri is greek music. she has been singing greek songs for	The genre of Nana Mouskouri is
0	joseph	joey bishop given name

joey bishop is a given name.	Joey Bishop given name
1	english	the native language of chris hansen is english. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Chris Hansen is
0	piano	the instrument of nikki flores is a guitar that looks like a guitar but isn't	The instrument of Nikki Flores is
1	bratislava	the capital of slovakia is bratislava. it is located in slovakia	The capital of Slovakia is
1	catholicism	the religion of henry ii, holy roman emperor is catholicism. his mother eleanor of aquitaine was	The religion of Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor is
0	pitcher	the team position of monty stratton is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Monty Stratton is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dhanraj pillay is india. dhanraj pillay was born	The country of citizenship of Dhanraj Pillay is
0	english	the language of absolutely fabulous is littered with references to sex. from “i	The language of Absolutely Fabulous is
1	madagascar	antananarivo is capital of madagascar. it is located on madagascar island in southeastern	Antananarivo is capital of
1	danube	budapest is located in or next to body of water called danube river. it is situated in hungary	Budapest is located in or next to body of water
0	english	the language of the feynman lectures on physics is clear and concise. it is easy to understand and	The language of The Feynman Lectures on Physics is
1	spanish	the official language of nicaragua is spanish. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Nicaragua is
1	boxing	the sport played by muhammad ali is known as boxing. it is a sport that requires	The sport played by Muhammad Ali is
1	ukraine	the country of kyiv oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it covers an area of	The country of Kyiv Oblast is
0	brown	the eye color of leah remini is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Leah Remini is
1	georgia	atlanta is capital of georgia and of georgia state university. it is also	Atlanta is capital of
0	pornography	adult movie theater is facet of porn industry that has been around for decades. it	Adult movie theater is facet of
1	japanese	the native language of satoshi tajiri is japanese. satoshi tajiri is credited with creating pokémon	The native language of Satoshi Tajiri is
0	piano	the instrument of luis miguel is one of the greatest guitarists of all time.	The instrument of Luis Miguel is
1	spain	the country of pamplona is located in northern spain. it is situated between the	The country of Pamplona is
0	emi	the record label of spice girls is celebrating its 20th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of Spice Girls is
1	english	the native language of bill cosby is african american english. his mother was born in mississippi	The native language of Bill Cosby is
0	finland	the country of helsinki is located in northern europe. it is situated between sweden	The country of Helsinki is
1	france	the original country of cousin bette is france. she was born in paris in 1894	The original country of Cousin Bette is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of robert irwin is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Irwin is
1	cambrian	proterozoic is followed by cambrian period which is followed by paleozoic	Proterozoic is followed by
0	guitar	the instrument of merle haggard is his voice. it is a voice that has been	The instrument of Merle Haggard is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of phan dinh phung is vietnam. vietnam has ratified convention 108. vietnam has	The country of citizenship of Phan Dinh Phung is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luigi comencini is italy. luigi comencini nationality is italian.	The country of citizenship of Luigi Comencini is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of mauricio macri is argentina. he was born on december 15, 1955	The country of citizenship of Mauricio Macri is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of eva hesse is germany. she was born in frankfurt am main on	The country of citizenship of Eva Hesse is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of naim süleymanoğlu is turkey. he was born on april 26, 1964	The country of citizenship of Naim Süleymanoğlu is
0	white	the streak color of fluorite is determined by its crystal structure. the streak color of	The streak color of fluorite is
0	piano	the instrument of vangelis is not only music but also poetry. it is poetry	The instrument of Vangelis is
1	english	the native language of spiro agnew is english. he was born in baltimore on september 15	The native language of Spiro Agnew is
0	mongolian	the language used in qing dynasty is chinese language. chinese language is written using chinese characters	The language used in Qing dynasty is
1	germany	the country of goethe university frankfurt is located in germany. it is situated in frankfurt am	The country of Goethe University Frankfurt is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of scotty bowman is canada. he was born in montreal on march 31	The country of citizenship of Scotty Bowman is
0	112	the emergency phone number of tanzania is 116. you can also call tanzania from kenya or	The emergency phone number of Tanzania is
1	english	the native language of florence henderson is english. she was born in philadelphia on september 26	The native language of Florence Henderson is
1	indonesia	the country of sundanese is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of Sundanese is
1	india	the country of hyderabad state is located in southern india. it is situated between maharashtra	The country of Hyderabad State is
1	ghana	the basin country of volta river is located in northern ghana and southern burkina faso	The basin country of Volta River is
1	japanese	the native language of akira kurosawa is japanese. he was born in tokyo in 1910.	The native language of Akira Kurosawa is
1	salsa	the genre of héctor lavoe is salsa music. his style is salsa music. his	The genre of Héctor Lavoe is
1	baseball	the sport played by alfonso soriano “ el mono” is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball.	The sport played by Alfonso Soriano “ el mono” is
1	indonesia	the country of java sea is located in indonesia. it is located between java island	The country of Java Sea is
0	france	the original country of charolais cattle is unknown. however, charolais cattle were first	The original country of Charolais cattle is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of daniel david palmer is canada.
the country of citizenship of daniel david	The country of citizenship of Daniel David Palmer is
1	ukraine	mykolaiv oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is mariinka.	Mykolaiv Oblast is located in
0	manchu	the ethnic group of people's republic of china is han chinese. han chinese are descendants of qin dynasty	The ethnic group of People's Republic of China is
1	paris	the headquarters location of european space agency is located in paris, france. the headquarters location of	The headquarters location of European Space Agency is
0	danish	the official language of north sea empire is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of North Sea Empire is
1	christianity	the religion of sadie robertson is christianity. sadie robertson was born on august 31	The religion of Sadie Robertson is
0	chemistry	chemical substance is studied by measuring the amount of substance remaining after exposure to radiation	chemical substance is studied by
1	french	the native language of roger martin du gard is french. his novels are written in french. his	The native language of Roger Martin du Gard is
0	midfielder	the team position of josé leandro andrade is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of José Leandro Andrade is
1	paraguay	the country of guarani is located in paraguay. it has a population of	The country of Guarani is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques charles dupont de l'eure is france. jacques charles dupont de l'e	The country of citizenship of Jacques Charles Dupont de l'Eure is
0	pitcher	the team position of chris sale is not changing. he is still going to be chicago	The team position of Chris Sale is
1	louisiana	mississippi river delta is located in southeastern louisiana and southwestern mississippi. it is bounded by	Mississippi River Delta is located in
0	christianity	the religion of dwight "i'm better than shaq" howard is basketball. he loves basketball. he loves basketball so	The religion of Dwight "i'm better than Shaq" Howard is
0	judaism	the religion of siegfried sassoon is difficult to define. he was born into a family	The religion of Siegfried Sassoon is
1	catholicism	the religion of pierre corneille is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of Pierre Corneille is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takiji kobayashi is japan. takiji kobayashi was born on	The country of citizenship of Takiji Kobayashi is
0	brown	the eye color of countess vaughn is unknown. she wears sunglasses most of the time.	The eye color of Countess Vaughn is
0	major	the military rank of alexey sudayev is colonel. he was born on january 11, 1965	The military rank of Alexey Sudayev is
0	colombia	the country for sport played by mariana pajón is argentina. she is currently ranked number 1 in argentina	The country for sport played by Mariana Pajón is
1	armenia	the country of citizenship of robert kocharyan is armenia. robert kocharyan was born on january	The country of citizenship of Robert Kocharyan is
1	russia	kaliningrad oblast is located in northeastern russia. it borders lithuania and poland to west	Kaliningrad Oblast is located in
1	canada	the country of winnipeg is located in manitoba province of canada. winnipeg is situated	The country of Winnipeg is
0	granite	the material used in mount williamson is not suitable for use in buildings. it is unsu	The material used in Mount Williamson is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of kristine froseth is norway. kristine froseth is married to	The country of citizenship of Kristine Froseth is
0	khmer	the language used in cần thơ is similar to vietnamese but has many differences. for example	The language used in Cần Thơ is
1	philippines	the original country of gulong ng palad is located in northern philippines. it is located in the	The original country of Gulong ng Palad is
1	guitar	the instrument of marvin rainwater is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Marvin Rainwater is
1	henan	zhengzhou is located in southeast china's henan province. it is located	Zhengzhou is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by eddie waitkus is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Eddie Waitkus is
0	vienna	the residence of luise rainer is located in beverly hills, california. it was built	The residence of Luise Rainer is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of hristo stoichkov is bulgaria. he was born on january 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of Hristo Stoichkov is
0	brown	the eye color of marcus schenkenberg is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of Marcus Schenkenberg is
1	islam	the religion of saladin is islam. he was born in tikrit in 11	The religion of Saladin is
1	baseball	the sport played by sandy alomar, sr. is baseball. his son sandy alomar jr.,	The sport played by Sandy Alomar, Sr. is
0	islam	the religion of m. f. husain is hinduism. he has been influenced by hinduism	The religion of M. F. Husain is
0	murder	jack kevorkian convicted of manslaughter for assisting suicide

jack kevorkian	Jack Kevorkian convicted of
1	uganda	kampala is capital of uganda and is located on latitude 1°32′	Kampala is capital of
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of eyvind johnson is sweden. eyvind johnson was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Eyvind Johnson is
1	dutch	the native language of margaretha van bancken is dutch. she was born on april 26, 18	The native language of Margaretha van Bancken is
1	france	the country of citizenship of cyrano de bergerac is france.
the country of citizenship of cyrano	The country of citizenship of Cyrano de Bergerac is
0	sarajevo	the residence of goran bregović is located in a quiet neighbourhood of belgrade's municipality	The residence of Goran Bregović is
1	basketball	the sport played by andre drummond is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Andre Drummond is
1	persian	the language of hezar dastan is persian. it is spoken by people living in iran	The language of Hezar Dastan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of bimal roy is india. bimal roy was born on january 1	The country of citizenship of Bimal Roy is
1	minnesota	saint paul is capital of minnesota and home to minnesota state university – saint paul	Saint Paul is capital of
0	german	the language of die fledermaus is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Die Fledermaus is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hugo von hofmannsthal is doctor honoris causa from university of buenos aires	The academic degree of Hugo von Hofmannsthal is
0	midfielder	the team position of roy keane is one of football's greatest mysteries. he has been	The team position of Roy Keane is
1	austria	the country of kunsthistorisches museum is located in vienna, austria. it is one of	The country of Kunsthistorisches Museum is
0	pitcher	the team position of kevin appier is unclear. he has been listed as a starter,	The team position of Kevin Appier is
0	forward	the team position of paolo rossi is not clear yet. he is currently playing for juventus	The team position of Paolo Rossi is
1	germany	the country of karlsruhe institute of technology is located in germany. it is situated in karls	The country of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology is
0	pitcher	the team position of brandon webb is uncertain. he has been rehabilitating from surgery to	The team position of Brandon Webb is
1	maharashtra	university of mumbai is located in mumbai city, maharashtra state. it was established in	University of Mumbai is located in
1	buddhism	the religion of ron glass is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for over 30	The religion of Ron Glass is
0	german	the country of citizenship of emile verhaeren is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Emile Verhaeren is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of vicente del bosque is spain. vicente del bosque was born in	The country of citizenship of Vicente del Bosque is
1	india	the country of citizenship of nirupa roy is india. she was born on january 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Nirupa Roy is
1	charles	charlie munger given name

charles edward munger (born august 19	Charlie Munger given name
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by gianni agnelli is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Gianni Agnelli is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by andrés avelino cáceres is spanish, english and quechua. his mother	The languages spoken, written or signed by Andrés Avelino Cáceres is
1	peru	the country of iquitos is located in peru, in northeastern peru. it is	The country of Iquitos is
0	jazz	the genre of john coltrane is difficult to define. his music is often referred to	The genre of John Coltrane is
1	ukraine	the country of luhansk is located in eastern ukraine. it is surrounded by donetsk	The country of Luhansk is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of babs olusanmokun is nigeria. babs olusanmokun	The country of citizenship of Babs Olusanmokun is
1	volga	volgograd is located in or next to body of water called lake volga. it is located in southwest	Volgograd is located in or next to body of water
1	english	the official language of tonga is tongan. english is spoken by many people in	The official language of Tonga is
1	denmark	the country of odense is located in denmark. it is situated on zealand island	The country of Odense is
0	pitcher	the team position of mario soto is unclear. he has been playing centerfield for most	The team position of Mario Soto is
0	french	the language used in burundi is spoken by about 10 million people. it belongs to	The language used in Burundi is
1	italy	the country of abruzzo is located in italy’s central region. it	The country of Abruzzo is
0	english	the language of the joe rogan experience is often confusing, but it’s clear that	The language of The Joe Rogan Experience is
1	french	the language used in saint pierre and miquelon is french. french is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Saint Pierre and Miquelon is
1	ireland	the country of south dublin is located in ireland. it is situated in ireland's	The country of South Dublin is
0	jazz	the genre of andy williams is comedy music. his songs are funny, his voice	The genre of Andy Williams is
1	mexico	the country of puebla city is located in mexico. it occupies an area of 1	The country of Puebla City is
1	tajikistan	dushanbe is capital of tajikistan. it is located in northern asia	Dushanbe is capital of
1	russian	the official language of commonwealth of independent states is russian. however, english is widely spoken in russia	The official language of Commonwealth of Independent States is
0	piano	the instrument of domino kirke is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of Domino Kirke is
0	violin	the instrument of simon oakland is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of Simon Oakland is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of andrés de urdaneta is peru. he was born on april 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Andrés de Urdaneta is
1	hinduism	the religion of chalukya dynasty is hinduism. they worship shiva as their god.	The religion of Chalukya dynasty is
0	english	the language of the times is often confusing. it is difficult to understand what they	The language of The Times is
0	baron	the noble title of margaret thatcher is often associated with her role as britain’s	The noble title of Margaret Thatcher is
0	islam	the religion of iyasu v is known as "iyasuism". it is	The religion of Iyasu V is
0	english	the language of solomon is often misunderstood. it is often interpreted as being synonymous	The language of Solomon is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of najib razak is malaysia. najib razak was born on october	The country of citizenship of Najib Razak is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of cameron smith is australia. cameron smith was born on august 31st	The country of citizenship of Cameron Smith is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of josé lins do rego is portugal. josé lins do rego nationality is	The country of citizenship of José Lins do Rego is
1	basketball	the sport played by wayne embry is called basketball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Wayne Embry is
0	jazz	the genre of tamara drasin is fantasy fiction. the genre of tamara drasin	The genre of Tamara Drasin is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of arthur phillip is unknown. his father was probably born in england.	The country of citizenship of Arthur Phillip is
1	english	the official language of norfolk island is english. norfolk island has been inhabited by humans since	The official language of Norfolk Island is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of sani abacha is nigeria.

references

category:living	The country of citizenship of Sani Abacha is
1	japan	the country of kanagawa prefecture is located in japan’s kantō region.	The country of Kanagawa Prefecture is
0	jazz	the genre of eydie gormé is pop music. she has been singing pop music since	The genre of Eydie Gormé is
0	islam	the religion of ayinde barrister is christianity. he believes in god almighty who created everything	The religion of Ayinde Barrister is
1	austria	the country of innsbruck is located in austria. it is situated in austria's	The country of Innsbruck is
1	mali	the country of citizenship of moussa traoré is mali. he was born in mali on april 26	The country of citizenship of Moussa Traoré is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gertrude w. hoffmann is germany. gertrude w. hoffmann	The country of citizenship of Gertrude W. Hoffmann is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of johannes eugenius bülow warming is germany.

the country of citizenship of johannes	The country of citizenship of Johannes Eugenius Bülow Warming is
1	english	the native language of van dyke parks is english. he was born in chicago on september 26	The native language of Van Dyke Parks is
1	washington	mount rainier is located in pierce county, washington. according to census bureau estimates	Mount Rainier is located in
1	english	the native language of charles rogers is english. he was born in london on april 26	The native language of Charles Rogers is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges cziffra is france. he was born on august 31, 1944	The country of citizenship of Georges Cziffra is
1	french	gilbert du motier, marquis de lafayette writing languages he knew well, including french, spanish, italian	Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette writing languages
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl dönitz is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Karl Dönitz is
1	german	the native language of lawrence welk is german. his father was born in germany and his	The native language of Lawrence Welk is
0	green	the eye color of kaley cuoco is blue. she has brown hair. she has brown	The eye color of Kaley Cuoco is
1	red	the official color of republican party is red. but there are many colors of republican party	The official color of Republican Party is
1	macdonald	the family name of étienne jacques joseph alexandre macdonald is derived from macdonald of clanranald. é	The family name of Étienne Jacques Joseph Alexandre Macdonald is
1	albanians	the ethnic group of albania is albanians. albanians are speakers of albanian	The ethnic group of Albania is
1	red	the color of the flag of the soviet union is red. the color of the flag of russia is	The color of the flag of the Soviet Union is
0	asia	the continent of ahmedabad is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated	The continent of Ahmedabad is
1	argentina	tucumán province is located in northwestern argentina. it borders salta province to the	Tucumán Province is located in
1	economics	the genre of the general theory of employment, interest and money is known as keynesian economics. keynesian economics is	The genre of The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money is
0	golf	the sport played by john henry taylor is football. he plays football for his school team,	The sport played by John Henry Taylor is
1	japan	shimane prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it borders niigata prefecture	Shimane Prefecture is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of gérard desargues is france. gérard desargues was born	The country of citizenship of Gérard Desargues is
1	french	the language of the phantom of the opera is french. it is spoken by christine daae,	The language of The Phantom of the Opera is
0	baron	the noble title of françois rené mallarmé is derived from his father's surname. his mother's	The noble title of François René Mallarmé is
1	catholicism	the religion of james joyce is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of James Joyce is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of abdulsalami abubakar is nigeria. abdulsalami abubakar	The country of citizenship of Abdulsalami Abubakar is
1	belgium	the country of benelux is located in northern europe. it consists of belgium,	The country of Benelux is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of kate vernon is canada. kate vernon nationality is canadian. kate vernon	The country of citizenship of Kate Vernon is
1	toronto	the capital of ontario is toronto. toronto is located in canada. toronto is	The capital of Ontario is
0	iran	the country of sahand is located in northern afghanistan. it is situated between afghanistan	The country of Sahand is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of rafael nadal is spain. rafael nadal was born on april 26	The country of citizenship of Rafael Nadal is
1	pakistan	the country of history of karachi is pakistan. karachi is located in sindh province of	The country of History of Karachi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of neal bledsoe is united states of america. neal bledsoe	The country of citizenship of Neal Bledsoe is
1	islam	the religion of nasim pedrad is islam. nasim pedrad was born on august	The religion of Nasim Pedrad is
1	english	the native language of guy branum is english. he speaks english fluently and has been	The native language of Guy Branum is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of talbot hobbs is england.
the country of citizenship of talbot	The country of citizenship of Talbot Hobbs is
1	christianity	the religion of carlos pena jr is christianity. carlos pena jr was born on august	The religion of Carlos Pena Jr is
1	cardboard	the material used in box is recycled cardboard. the box is recyclable.	The material used in box is
0	playstation	the platform of final fantasy vii is one of my favorite games of all time. it	The platform of Final Fantasy VII is
0	english	the language of hustler is vulgar, obscene, and pornographic. it contains words	The language of Hustler is
1	russia	the country for sport played by ilia kulik is russia. he is currently ranked number 1 in russia	The country for sport played by Ilia Kulik is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of josé fernández (pitcher) is cuba. he was born on january 31, 1982	The country of citizenship of José Fernández (pitcher) is
0	acceleration	velocity is followed by a decrease in velocity due to gravity. this decrease	velocity is followed by
1	english	the language used in saint kitts and nevis is english. english is spoken throughout saint kitts and	The language used in Saint Kitts and Nevis is
1	dutch	the native language of marinus van der lubbe is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on december 23	The native language of Marinus van der Lubbe is
0	russians	the ethnic group of innokenty annensky is ukrainian. he was born on april 26, 1988	The ethnic group of Innokenty Annensky is
1	basketball	the sport played by mike krzyzewski is basketball. but it’s not just basketball	The sport played by Mike Krzyzewski is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of visigothic kingdom is monarchy. the king is elected by nobility. the	The basic form of government of Visigothic Kingdom is
0	french	the native language of michel piccoli is italian. he was born in rome on april 26	The native language of Michel Piccoli is
1	steel	the material used in golden gate bridge is composed of steel wire rope coated with copper wire rope	The material used in Golden Gate Bridge is
1	murder	richard hickock convicted of murder in 1981 slaying of wife, daughter	Richard Hickock convicted of
1	hinduism	the religion of mahendra of nepal is hinduism. he believes in hindu gods like shiva	The religion of Mahendra of Nepal is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio emanuele orlando is italy.
the country of citizenship of francesco	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Emanuele Orlando is
1	english	the official language of north dakota is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The official language of North Dakota is
0	kazakhstan	kazakh is indigenous to central asia. it is spoken by about 15 million	Kazakh is indigenous to
1	112	the emergency phone number of greece is 112. if you are calling from outside greece,	The emergency phone number of Greece is
1	japan	the country for sport played by takashi saito is japan. his country for sport played by takashi	The country for sport played by Takashi Saito is
0	catholicism	the religion of francesco i sforza is unknown. his father was giovanni galeazzo s	The religion of Francesco I Sforza is
1	iran	the country of persian constitutional revolution is iran. it is located in southwest asia. it	The country of Persian Constitutional Revolution is
0	russian	the native language of eduard khil is kazakh. he was born in kazakhstan on april 26	The native language of Eduard Khil is
0	istanbul	the place of birth of abdul hamid ii is disputed. according to turkish historian mehmet emin ö	The place of birth of Abdul Hamid II is
0	tenor	the voice type of david miller is very clear and crisp. he speaks slowly and deliberately	The voice type of David Miller is
1	english	the native language of johnny depp is english. he speaks english fluently. his mother	The native language of Johnny Depp is
0	philippines	the basin country of sulu sea is located in southeast asia. it consists of islands and	The basin country of Sulu Sea is
1	europe	the continent of carolingian empire is located in northern europe. it consists of germany and	The continent of Carolingian Empire is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by paulo roberto falcão is brazil. the country for sport played by paulo roberto	The country for sport played by Paulo Roberto Falcão is
1	buddhism	the religion of eiji toyoda is buddhism. he believes in reincarnation. he believes	The religion of Eiji Toyoda is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of daeg faerch is korea. daeg faerch was born on	The country of citizenship of Daeg Faerch is
1	basketball	the sport played by larry nance is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Larry Nance is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of celâl bayar is turkey. celâl bayar was born in	The country of citizenship of Celâl Bayar is
1	mexico	the country of second mexican empire is located in central america. it is located between mexico	The country of Second Mexican Empire is
0	piano	the instrument of michael bublé is his voice. it is his instrument of choice.	The instrument of Michael Bublé is
1	dutch	the native language of joop den uyl is dutch. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Joop den Uyl is
0	basketball	the sport played by alex groza is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Alex Groza is
0	opera	the genre of luigi cherubini is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Luigi Cherubini is
1	english	the language of robinson crusoe is english, but it is not english as we know	The language of Robinson Crusoe is
0	opera	the genre of astor piazzolla is known as argentine jazz. it is characterized by improvis	The genre of Astor Piazzolla is
1	baseball	the sport played by nate mclouth is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Nate McLouth is
0	english	the native language of anthony bourdain is french. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Anthony Bourdain is
1	germany	the country of oder–havel canal is located in eastern germany. it is situated between poland	The country of Oder–Havel Canal is
0	catholicism	the religion of antonín dvořák is difficult to define. he was born in prague in	The religion of Antonín Dvořák is
1	buddhism	the religion of temür khan is buddhism. he has been worshipping buddha since childhood	The religion of Temür Khan is
1	netherlands	the country of delft university of technology is located in netherlands. it is one of the oldest	The country of Delft University of Technology is
1	spain	the country of complutense university of madrid is located in spain. it is located in madrid city	The country of Complutense University of Madrid is
1	canada	the country of university of british columbia is located in canada. it is situated in vancouver island	The country of University of British Columbia is
1	canada	the country of canadian football league is canada. the cfl is one of the biggest football	The country of Canadian Football League is
0	france	the country of citizenship of georges seurat is unknown. he was born in paris on january 26	The country of citizenship of Georges Seurat is
0	english	the language of wannabe is littered with references to music. the album opens with	The language of Wannabe is
1	guitar	the instrument of eric stuart is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of Eric Stuart is
1	botswana	gaborone is located in botswana, africa. it is situated on latitude	Gaborone is located in
1	norway	the country of citizenship of gro harlem brundtland is norway.

the country of citizenship of gro	The country of citizenship of Gro Harlem Brundtland is
1	malaysia	the country of petaling jaya is located in malaysia. it is situated in kuala lumpur	The country of Petaling Jaya is
0	opera	the genre of ignacy jan paderewski is piano music. his piano music is characterized by simplicity	The genre of Ignacy Jan Paderewski is
0	asia	the continent of shyok river is located in northern mongolia. it is located between mongolia	The continent of Shyok River is
0	english	the language of the satanic verses is not difficult to understand. it is simple, clear	The language of The Satanic Verses is
0	catholicism	the religion of thomas tallis is anglicanism. he was born in london on april	The religion of Thomas Tallis is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste camille corot is unknown. he was born in paris around 1796	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Camille Corot is
0	turkey	the country of temple of artemis is located in greece. it is located in greece.	The country of Temple of Artemis is
1	opera	the genre of montserrat caballé is opera. she has sung opera since she was a	The genre of Montserrat Caballé is
0	brown	the eye color of susan sarandon is blue. she has been married to actor tim robbins	The eye color of Susan Sarandon is
0	emi	the record label of tina turner is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. the label	The record label of Tina Turner is
1	canada	the country of university of waterloo is located in ontario, canada. it is situated in	The country of University of Waterloo is
0	piano	the instrument of vanessa carlton is an acoustic guitar. she uses it to create songs	The instrument of Vanessa Carlton is
1	guitar	the instrument of susanna hoffs is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Susanna Hoffs is
0	europe	the continent of eastern bloc is home to many fascinating cities and towns. from prague	The continent of Eastern Bloc is
1	samoa	apia is capital of samoa and is located on samoa's northern coast.	Apia is capital of
1	memphis	the capital of old kingdom of egypt is memphis. memphis was founded around 2600 bc by pharaoh	The capital of Old Kingdom of Egypt is
0	english	the language of appetite for destruction is littered with references to drugs and alcohol. “	The language of Appetite for Destruction is
1	utah	salt lake city is capital of utah and is located in salt lake county. it	Salt Lake City is capital of
0	russia	the country of citizenship of vagit alekperov is azerbaijan. vagit alekperov was born	The country of citizenship of Vagit Alekperov is
1	ethiopia	the country for sport played by gebrselassie haile is ethiopia. he has won olympic gold medals in 1988	The country for sport played by Gebrselassie Haile is
0	basketball	the sport played by brad daugherty is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Brad Daugherty is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul éluard is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Éluard is
1	french	the language used in réunion is french. french is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Réunion is
1	italy	the country of faraglioni is located in italy near rome. it is a small	The country of faraglioni is
1	christianity	the religion of christian art is christianity. it is not judaism or islam or buddhism	The religion of Christian art is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of go nagai is japan. go nagai was born in tokyo on	The country of citizenship of Go Nagai is
1	europe	the continent of confederation of the rhine is located in northwestern europe. it consists of germany and	The continent of Confederation of the Rhine is
1	syria	the country of homs is located in syria. it is situated in western syria	The country of Homs is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of charles kingsford smith is australia.
charles kingsford smith was born on	The country of citizenship of Charles Kingsford Smith is
0	white	the color of christmas eve is red. it is a color that signifies joy and	The color of Christmas Eve is
1	russian	the native language of aleksandr lyapunov is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Aleksandr Lyapunov is
1	nashville	tennessee state capitol is located in nashville, tennessee. it is located on capitol avenue	Tennessee State Capitol is located in
1	english	the native language of gough whitlam is english. he was born in tasmania on 16 july	The native language of Gough Whitlam is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of keanu reeves is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Keanu Reeves is
1	copenhagen	the capital of denmark is copenhagen. copenhagen is located on zealand island in denmark	The capital of Denmark is
1	japanese	the language of ugetsu is japanese. however, there are some words that are	The language of Ugetsu is
1	petroleum	the product or material produced of organization of the petroleum exporting countries is known as opec oil. it is produced by opec	The product or material produced of Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is
1	pakistan	the country of islamabad is located in pakistan. islamabad is situated in islamabad capital	The country of Islamabad is
1	japan	the original country of yōshoku is japan. it is a japanese cuisine style that uses	The original country of yōshoku is
1	turkey	the country of gaziantep is located in southeastern turkey. it is situated between aleppo	The country of Gaziantep is
1	australia	the basin country of tasman sea is located in southeastern australia. it consists of tasmania island	The basin country of Tasman Sea is
1	english	the native language of vivien leigh is english. she was born vivienne harriet leigh on	The native language of Vivien Leigh is
1	buddhism	the religion of tran dynasty is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to vietnam by emperor xuan	The religion of Tran dynasty is
1	a	the blood type of jeremy irons is ab+. his father is ab+. his mother is	The blood type of Jeremy Irons is
0	guitar	the instrument of james duval is one of the finest examples of early 19th century	The instrument of James Duval is
0	english	the language of the picture of dorian gray skeere is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Picture of Dorian Gray skeere is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean auguste dominique ingres is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres is
0	opera	the genre of leoš janáček is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Leoš Janáček is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bryan adams is canada. bryan adams was born on january 31st	The country of citizenship of Bryan Adams is
1	murder	andrei chikatilo convicted of murdering 33 women and children in russia

andre	Andrei Chikatilo convicted of
0	christianity	the religion of kurt gödel is difficult to pin down. he was born jewish,	The religion of Kurt Gödel is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of yulia tymoshenko is ukraine. she was born in ukraine on july 26	The country of citizenship of Yulia Tymoshenko is
1	spanish	the native language of antonio banderas is spanish. he speaks english fluently. his mother	The native language of Antonio Banderas is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of michelangelo is italy. he was born in florence on february 6	The country of citizenship of Michelangelo is
1	baseball	the sport played by minnie miñoso is baseball. but it is not baseball as we know	The sport played by Minnie Miñoso is
1	b	the blood type of ken takakura is a+. his father is takakura kenji who	The blood type of Ken Takakura is
0	telugu	the native language of jayasudha is tamil. she was born in chennai, tamil nadu	The native language of Jayasudha is
0	france	the country of citizenship of robert capa is disputed. his birthplace is disputed. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert Capa is
1	france	the country of alstom is located in france. it is situated in the north	The country of Alstom is
1	greek	the official language of larnaca is greek. english is spoken by many people in cyprus	The official language of Larnaca is
1	australia	the original country of the kyle and jackie o show is australia. however, since its inception in 2005,	The original country of The Kyle and Jackie O Show is
0	doha	the capital of qatar is located on qatar peninsula in qatar. it is situated	The capital of Qatar is
0	swedish	the language used in åland islands is finnish. ålanders speak finnish as their native	The language used in Åland Islands is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of carmen amaya amaya is mexico. carmen amaya amaya was born on	The country of citizenship of Carmen Amaya Amaya is
1	pitcher	the team position of kerry wood is interesting. he was drafted in 1996 as a pitcher	The team position of Kerry Wood is
1	nigeria	kwara state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with niger republic to	Kwara State is located in
0	christianity	the religion of alfred the great is shrouded in mystery. his father was alfred's grandfather	The religion of Alfred the Great is
0	tiv	the language used in cross river state is [mask]{}. the language used in kwahu state is	The language used in Cross River State is [MASK]
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of harry martinson is sweden. his nationality is swedish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Harry Martinson is
1	hinduism	the religion of lakshmi mittal is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Lakshmi Mittal is
1	munich	the headquarters location of süddeutsche zeitung is located in munich's central district of schwabing	The headquarters location of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
1	dutch	the native language of theo van doesburg is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Theo van Doesburg is
0	guitar	the instrument of van dyke parks is always a piano, but it is rarely a piano	The instrument of Van Dyke Parks is
0	joseph	joey lawrence given name

joey lawrence is an american actor and	Joey Lawrence given name
0	duke	the noble title of casimir i the restorer is often attributed to him because he was instrumental in restoring	The noble title of Casimir I the Restorer is
1	pittsburgh	carnegie mellon university is located in pittsburgh, pennsylvania. it is one of america's	Carnegie Mellon University is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of benjamin millepied is france. benjamin millepied was born on	The country of citizenship of Benjamin Millepied is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by björn borg is sweden. the country for sport played by boris becker	The country for sport played by Björn Borg is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of margaret laurence is canada. she was born in toronto on april 26	The country of citizenship of Margaret Laurence is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of thor heyerdahl is norway. heyerdahl was born in oslo	The country of citizenship of Thor Heyerdahl is
1	japan	the country of tohoku university is located in japan's northernmost island of hokk	The country of Tohoku University is
1	guitar	the instrument of jimmy wakely is his guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Jimmy Wakely is
0	myanmar	the country of burmese is located in southeast asia. it is situated between india	The country of Burmese is
0	guitar	the instrument of gary sinise is not only his voice but his heart. his voice	The instrument of Gary Sinise is
1	catholicism	the religion of marcel dassault is catholicism. his wife is catholic. his son is	The religion of Marcel Dassault is
1	ireland	county fingal is located in ireland's southwest corner. it covers an area of	County Fingal is located in
1	amsterdam	the capital of netherlands is amsterdam. amsterdam is located in netherlands. amsterdam lies	The capital of Netherlands is
1	mathematics	the main subject of elements is mathematics. it is not mathematics per se but rather	The main subject of Elements is
1	maryland	chesapeake bay is located in maryland and virginia. it is one of america's	Chesapeake Bay is located in
1	finland	the country of university of helsinki is located in finland. it is situated in northern part	The country of University of Helsinki is
1	niger	niamey is capital of niger republic and is located on niger river. it	Niamey is capital of
1	poland	the country of opole voivodeship is located in poland. it is situated in south-	The country of Opole Voivodeship is
0	raja	the noble title of ahilyabai holkar is derived from her name. she was born on 15	The noble title of Ahilyabai Holkar is
1	russian	the native language of yana churikova is russian. she speaks english fluently. yana	The native language of Yana Churikova is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marcel proust is france. his father was born in normandy, his	The country of citizenship of Marcel Proust is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of stefán karl stefánsson is iceland. stefán karl stefánsson was born	The country of citizenship of Stefán Karl Stefánsson is
0	asia	the continent of ryukyu kingdom is located in southwestern japan. it consists of okinawa island	The continent of Ryukyu Kingdom is
1	english	the native language of cecil taylor is english. he was born in chicago on january 26	The native language of Cecil Taylor is
0	islam	the religion of t-pain is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as his savior	The religion of T-Pain is
0	christianity	the religion of lee teng-hui is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for more than	The religion of Lee Teng-hui is
0	german	the language of the swiss family robinson is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Swiss Family Robinson is
0	treason	filep karma convicted of murder in killing of wife

filep karma	Filep Karma convicted of
1	toronto	cn tower is located in toronto's financial district at 401 bay street west.	CN Tower is located in
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of david wu is taiwan. the country of citizenship of david wu is	The country of citizenship of David Wu is
1	christianity	the religion of christina grimmie is christianity. she was baptized into christ jesus at age	The religion of Christina Grimmie is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of pixinguinha is brazil. pixinguinha is a brazilian footballer	The country of citizenship of Pixinguinha is
1	brazil	the country of cerrado is located in brazil, in southeastern region of brazil.	The country of Cerrado is
0	english	the language of the very hungry caterpillar is simple and straightforward. it uses simple vocabulary and simple	The language of The Very Hungry Caterpillar is
1	england	merseyside is located in northwest england. it is bounded by liverpool bay to	Merseyside is located in
1	italy	the country of pescara is located in italy's southern region of puglia.	The country of Pescara is
0	france	the country of french southern and antarctic lands is located south of madagascar and east of madagascar and maurit	The country of French Southern and Antarctic Lands is
0	jazz	the genre of sidney bechet is difficult to define. he was born sidney joseph bec	The genre of Sidney Bechet is
1	morocco	the country of citizenship of mohammed vi is morocco. he was born in rabat on february	The country of citizenship of Mohammed VI is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of henry i the fowler is unknown. his father was henry ii the fowler who	The country of citizenship of Henry I the Fowler is
1	australia	the country of south sydney rabbitohs is australia's largest rugby league football club. it is	The country of South Sydney Rabbitohs is
1	nepal	the country of citizenship of sher bahadur deuba is nepal. sher bahadur deuba was born	The country of citizenship of Sher Bahadur Deuba is
0	english	the native language of leonardo dicaprio is italian. he was born in italy on march 17	The native language of Leonardo Dicaprio is
1	brazil	the country of alagoas is located in northeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Alagoas is
1	canada	the country of fredericton is located in new brunswick, canada. it is situated	The country of Fredericton is
1	english	the native language of ann rutherford is english. she was born in toronto on september 26	The native language of Ann Rutherford is
0	euro	the currency of mayotte is €0.50. there are no fees for	The currency of Mayotte is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows xp is suing microsoft over claims that windows xp infringes on	The developer of Windows XP is
1	hinduism	the religion of aarti mann is hinduism. she believes in god shiva. a	The religion of Aarti Mann is
0	renaissance	gothic art is followed by a series of paintings depicting scenes from dante's inferno	Gothic art is followed by
0	catholicism	the religion of stefan nemanja is unknown. his father was serbian orthodox priest stefan drag	The religion of Stefan Nemanja is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sōichirō honda is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Sōichirō Honda is
1	sudan	the country of nubia is located in northern sudan. it covers an area of	The country of Nubia is
1	iron	iron age named after him
category:roman governors of macedonia
category	Iron Age named after
0	republic	the basic form of government of myanmar is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by parliament for	The basic form of government of Myanmar is
1	russian	the official language of collective security treaty organisation is russian. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Collective Security Treaty Organisation is
1	english	the language of city lights is english. however, city lights is located in san	The language of City Lights is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas sarkozy is france. he was born on july 14, 1955	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Sarkozy is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nobuo uematsu is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Nobuo Uematsu is
1	arizona	sonoran desert is located in arizona and california. it covers an area of about	Sonoran Desert is located in
0	karate	the sport played by mas oyama is called judo. it is a martial art that	The sport played by Mas Oyama is
1	indonesia	the country of lombok is located in indonesia. lombok is famous for its	The country of Lombok is
1	china	the country of xinhai revolution is located in northern china. it is located between mongolia	The country of Xinhai Revolution is
0	sussex	the historic county of brighton is situated on england's south coast. it is famous	The historic county of Brighton is
1	morocco	the country of marrakesh is located in northern africa. it is situated between morocco	The country of Marrakesh is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of eduard uspensky is russia. eduard uspensky was born	The country of citizenship of Eduard Uspensky is
1	india	the country for sport played by sourav ganguly is india. he has played cricket for india since 1996	The country for sport played by Sourav Ganguly is
1	baseball	the sport played by felix hernandez is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Felix Hernandez is
1	dutch	the native language of willem drees is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Willem Drees is
1	blue	the eye color of kathy ireland is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Kathy Ireland is
0	english	the language of family guy is often criticized for being simplistic and childish. however,	The language of Family Guy is
0	english	the language of usa today is littered with phrases like “trump’s	The language of USA Today is
1	spanish	the native language of ignacio manuel altamirano basilio is spanish. he was born on april 26, 18	The native language of Ignacio Manuel Altamirano Basilio is
1	spain	the country of marcha real is located in northern spain. it is situated between the	The country of Marcha Real is
1	finland	the country of finnish lakeland is located in northern finland. it is situated between finland	The country of Finnish Lakeland is
0	french	andré pieyre de mandiargues writing languages is a fascinating topic. his work on romance languages	André Pieyre de Mandiargues writing languages
1	french	the native language of charles baudelaire is french. his poems were written in french. his	The native language of Charles Baudelaire is
1	india	the country of citizenship of charaka is unknown. however, he lived in india during his	The country of citizenship of Charaka is
1	brazil	the country of ceará is located in northeastern brazil. it has an area of	The country of Ceará is
0	english	the language of sing, sing, sing is a language that is spoken by children who are learning	The language of Sing, Sing, Sing is
1	a	the blood type of hakuhō shō is ab+. his father is hakuhō shō	The blood type of Hakuhō Shō is
1	philippines	the country of mandaluyong is located in metro manila, philippines. it is bounded	The country of Mandaluyong is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasuharu ōyama is japan. yasuharu ōyama was	The country of citizenship of Yasuharu Ōyama is
1	hinduism	the religion of jawaharlal nehru is hinduism. he was born into a hindu family	The religion of Jawaharlal Nehru is
1	music	the main subject of the musicians is music itself. it is not about musicians or musicians	The main subject of The Musicians is
1	ethiopia	amhara region is located in northwestern ethiopia. it covers an area of approximately 1	Amhara Region is located in
1	911	the emergency phone number of peru is 911. if you are traveling outside of peru,	The emergency phone number of Peru is
1	india	kerala is located in southern india. it is situated between latitude 9°	Kerala is located in
0	compact	the newspaper format of the age is changing. this week we introduce our new design,	The newspaper format of The Age is
1	algeria	the country of citizenship of abdelkader el djezairi is algeria. abdelkader el djezairi	The country of citizenship of Abdelkader El Djezairi is
1	basketball	the sport played by gail goodrich is basketball. he plays basketball for ucla. he plays	The sport played by Gail Goodrich is
1	albania	the country of durrës is located in albania. it is situated in south eastern	The country of Durrës is
1	english	the native language of flea is english. he speaks english fluently, although he	The native language of Flea is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by pelé is brazil. he was born in santos, brazil on	The country for sport played by Pelé is
1	a	the blood type of elton john is ab+. his father was named john winston lennon.	The blood type of Elton John is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of yñigo ortiz de retez is spain. his nationality is spanish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Yñigo Ortiz de Retez is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tatsumi hijikata is japan. he was born on january 31, 1931	The country of citizenship of Tatsumi Hijikata is
1	french	the native language of louis xvi of france is french. his mother was born princess marie antoin	The native language of Louis XVI of France is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of the weeknd is canada. his parents are canadian citizens. his grandparents	The country of citizenship of The Weeknd is
1	finnish	the official language of tampere is finnish. finnish is spoken by about 5 million people	The official language of Tampere is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of wilson álvarez is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1988	The country of citizenship of Wilson Álvarez is
0	friedrich	frederick william iii of prussia given name frederick william iii was born on january 27, 17	Frederick William III of Prussia given name
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of jean-claude van damme is belgium. he was born in brussels on july 31	The country of citizenship of Jean-Claude Van Damme is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kenji doihara is japan. kenji doihara is married to a	The country of citizenship of Kenji Doihara is
1	france	the country of citizenship of emmanuelle riva is france. emmanuelle riva was born on february	The country of citizenship of Emmanuelle Riva is
1	korea	the country of citizenship of an jung-geun is korea. an jung-geun was born on	The country of citizenship of An Jung-geun is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of alf prøysen is norway. alf prøysen was born on	The country of citizenship of Alf Prøysen is
1	hindi	the official language of bhopal is hindi. hindi is spoken by about 80% of	The official language of Bhopal is
1	cricket	the sport played by cricket world cup is called cricket. it is played by batsmen who	The sport played by Cricket World Cup is
1	africa	the continent of rhodesia is located in southern africa. it is bounded by moz	The continent of Rhodesia is
1	greece	the country of hermes and the infant dionysus is greece. it is a land of gods and heroes	The country of Hermes and the Infant Dionysus is
1	japan	the country of osaka metro is located in japan. it is one of japan's	The country of Osaka Metro is
1	bahrain	the country of citizenship of isa bin salman al khalifa is bahrain. he was born on april 9, 1962	The country of citizenship of Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa is
1	italy	the country of prato is located in northern italy. it is situated in the	The country of Prato is
0	indonesia	the country of tropical rainforest heritage of sumatra is located in southeast asia. it is located between latitude	The country of Tropical Rainforest Heritage of Sumatra is
0	danube	vienna is located in or next to body of water.
there are airports nearby.
there are	Vienna is located in or next to body of water
1	assault	jayson williams convicted of misdemeanor assault

posted by mike florio on	Jayson Williams convicted of
0	france	the country of citizenship of louis antoine de saint-just is unknown. he was born in paris on december 31	The country of citizenship of Louis Antoine de Saint-Just is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of karim khan is pakistan.
the country of citizenship of karim	The country of citizenship of Karim Khan is
1	o	the blood type of ōkubo toshimichi is unknown. his father was ōkubo	The blood type of Ōkubo Toshimichi is
1	pakistan	khyber pakhtunkhwa is located in northwestern pakistan. it is bounded by afghanistan to the	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is located in
0	buddhism	the religion of lindsay crouse is catholicism. she was baptized at age eight in a	The religion of Lindsay Crouse is
1	poland	the country of warsaw ghetto is located in poland. it is situated in south-	The country of Warsaw Ghetto is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of abulhassan banisadr is afghanistan. abulhassan banisadr	The country of citizenship of Abulhassan Banisadr is
1	germany	the country of technical university of braunschweig is located in germany. it is situated in germany.	The country of Technical University of Braunschweig is
0	english	the language of away in a manger is beautiful. it is poetic. it is poetic because	The language of Away in a Manger is
0	spanish	the language used in castile-la mancha is similar to that used in spain. however, there	The language used in Castile-La Mancha is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of kevin kuske is germany. citizenship means that he is entitled to reside	The country of citizenship of Kevin Kuske is
0	english	the language of the seattle times is available under creative commons license. attribution required. click	The language of The Seattle Times is
1	112	the emergency phone number of latvia is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad if	The emergency phone number of Latvia is
0	english	the language used in maldives is spoken by about half of the population. it is	The language used in Maldives is
1	english	the language used in fiji is english. fiji has adopted english as its official language	The language used in Fiji is
0	english	the language of the 400 blows is french, but it is not spoken by anyone in	The language of The 400 Blows is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kōmei is japan. kōmei is japanese citizen.	The country of citizenship of Kōmei is
1	hinduism	the religion of ranjitsinhji is hinduism. he was born into a hindu family	The religion of Ranjitsinhji is
0	india	the country of national museum of natural history is located in paris, france. it is one of	The country of National Museum of Natural History is
0	president	the office held by head of government of vojvodina is located in novi sad. the office is responsible	The office held by head of government of Vojvodina is
1	dutch	the native language of gerard reve is dutch. his novels are translated into english by geoffrey	The native language of Gerard Reve is
0	french	honoré gabriel riqueti, comte de mirabeau writing languages

honoré gabriel riqueti	Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau writing languages
1	english	the official language of tristan da cunha is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Tristan da Cunha is
1	basketball	the sport played by ralph sampson is basketball. he is a basketball player. he plays	The sport played by Ralph Sampson is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of vali racz is romania. vali racz was born on august	The country of citizenship of Vali Racz is
1	english	the official language of commonwealth of nations is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Commonwealth of Nations is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of tarsila do amaral is brazil. she was born in brazil on april 26	The country of citizenship of Tarsila do Amaral is
1	japan	the country of kyoto is located in japan. it is located in japan's	The country of Kyoto is
0	asia	the continent of yenisei is located in northern siberia, russia. it is bounded	The continent of Yenisei is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shirō ishii is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Shirō Ishii is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takeshi hirayama is japan. takeshi hirayama nationality is japanese	The country of citizenship of Takeshi Hirayama is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of alonso quijano is peru. he was born on august 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Alonso Quijano is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules barbier is france.
the country of citizenship of jean barb	The country of citizenship of Jules Barbier is
1	brown	the eye color of amber rose is brown. she has brown eyes. amber rose has	The eye color of Amber Rose is
0	july	august follows september, september follows august, august follows september,	August follows
0	doctorate	the academic degree of andrew grove is doctor of philosophy (phd). he wrote his	The academic degree of Andrew Grove is
1	india	the country of hawa mahal is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated	The country of Hawa Mahal is
1	india	the country of citizenship of lakshmi mittal is india. lakshmi mittal was born on 21	The country of citizenship of Lakshmi Mittal is
1	switzerland	the country of ticino is located in switzerland. it is situated in northern switzerland	The country of Ticino is
0	english	the language of to pimp a butterfly is dense, dense, dense. it’s	The language of To Pimp a Butterfly is
0	catholicism	the religion of amanda bynes is scientology. she has been attending scientology meetings for years	The religion of Amanda Bynes is
0	islam	the religion of yara shahidi is judaism. she was born on july 11, 1992	The religion of Yara Shahidi is
1	australia	pogona endemic to australia
category:flora of queensland
category	Pogona endemic to
1	french	the native language of olympe de gouges is french. she wrote her first poem at age nine	The native language of Olympe de Gouges is
0	sexuality	orgasm is facet of sexual arousal that occurs when sexual stimulation reaches orgasmic	orgasm is facet of
1	belgium	the country of manneken pis is belgium. it is located in belgium. it is	The country of Manneken Pis is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of george augustus robinson is jamaica. george augustus robinson was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of George Augustus Robinson is
0	politics	the main subject of the new yorker is satire. it is satire that is often satirical.	The main subject of The New Yorker is
0	disco	the genre of bee gees is one of my favorite genres of music. i love	The genre of Bee Gees is
0	baseball	the sport played by pedro guerrero is called soccer. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Pedro Guerrero is
1	lithuania	the country for sport played by žydrūnas ilgauskas is lithuania.

career statistics

regular	The country for sport played by Žydrūnas Ilgauskas is
0	france	the country of rafale is india. the country of rafale is india.	The country of Rafale is
1	french	the native language of henri charrière is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Henri Charrière is
0	green	the eye color of shania twain is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Shania Twain is
1	hinduism	the religion of rabindranath tagore is hinduism. he was born into a hindu brah	The religion of Rabindranath Tagore is
0	latin	the language of odes is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Odes is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of saigō takamori is disputed. his birthplace is believed to be shimizu	The country of citizenship of Saigō Takamori is
1	polish	the official language of poland is polish. polish is spoken by approximately 38 million people	The official language of Poland is
0	pitcher	the team position of shawn estes is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Shawn Estes is
0	english	the language of financial times is very difficult to understand. i have been reading it	The language of Financial Times is
1	english	the language of coronation street is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of Coronation Street is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of industrial and commercial bank of china is located in beijing. it is one of china's	The headquarters location of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of mika kohonen is finland. mika kohonen has resided in finland	The country of citizenship of Mika Kohonen is
0	president	the office held by head of government of republic of dagestan is located in dagestan's capital city of m	The office held by head of government of Republic of Dagestan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of daigo umehara is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Daigo Umehara is
1	india	the country of nashik is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Nashik is
1	india	the country of citizenship of lal bahadur shastri is india. lal bahadur shastri was	The country of citizenship of Lal Bahadur Shastri is
1	hinduism	the religion of vallabhbhai patel is hinduism. he was born on october 15th	The religion of Vallabhbhai Patel is
1	nagoya	the capital of aichi prefecture is nagoya city. it is located in central japan	The capital of Aichi Prefecture is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of mats wilander is sweden. mats wilander was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Mats Wilander is
1	spain	the country of seville is located in southern spain. it is situated on the	The country of Seville is
1	sweden	stockholm is capital of sweden and one of europe's largest cities. it	Stockholm is capital of
1	blue	the eye color of ashlee simpson is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Ashlee Simpson is
1	mexico	the country of lake pátzcuaro is located in mexico's michoacan state. it	The country of Lake Pátzcuaro is
1	canada	the country of lake winnipegosis is located in manitoba, canada. it is situated on	The country of Lake Winnipegosis is
1	asia	the continent of seljuk empire is located in central asia. it is bounded by the	The continent of Seljuk Empire is
0	russian	the language of the brothers karamazov is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. here	The language of The Brothers Karamazov is
0	statistics	probability distribution is studied by means of monte carlo simulations. the results show that	probability distribution is studied by
1	brown	the eye color of britney spears is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Britney Spears is
1	france	the country of citizenship of yves le prieur is france. yves le prieur was born on	The country of citizenship of Yves le Prieur is
1	korean	the language of dae jang geum is korean. however, there are some words that are	The language of Dae Jang Geum is
0	islam	the religion of yazid i is unknown. he was probably a muslim ruler who converted	The religion of Yazid I is
1	baseball	the sport played by matt holliday is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Matt Holliday is
1	french	the native language of claudette colbert is french. she was born in paris on september 26	The native language of Claudette Colbert is
0	english	the language used in new york university is often confusing. for example, when someone says �	The language used in New York University is
1	asia	the continent of kara-khanid khanate is located in northern eurasia. it consists of three	The continent of Kara-Khanid Khanate is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of antonio lópez de santa anna is mexico. he was born on january 31, 17	The country of citizenship of Antonio López de Santa Anna is
1	france	the country of citizenship of roland petit is france. roland petit was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Roland Petit is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of cathy freeman is australia. cathy freeman was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Cathy Freeman is
1	italy	the country for sport played by gino bartali is italy. the country for sport played by gino	The country for sport played by Gino Bartali is
0	english	the language of the hero with a thousand faces is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of The Hero with a Thousand Faces is
1	italy	the country of equestrian statue of gattamelata is located in italy. it is located in rome.	The country of Equestrian statue of Gattamelata is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of hipólito yrigoyen is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on december	The country of citizenship of Hipólito Yrigoyen is
1	baseball	the sport played by joey gallo is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Joey Gallo is
1	english	the native language of h. h. asquith is english. he was born in belfast on 28 september	The native language of H. H. Asquith is
1	italy	molise is located in northeastern italy, bordering slovenia and croatia. it is	Molise is located in
1	hampshire	the historic county of university of southampton is situated in hampshire, england. it covers an area	The historic county of University of Southampton is
1	japan	the country of miyagi prefecture is located in northeastern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Miyagi Prefecture is
1	mauritius	port louis is capital of mauritius. it is located on mauritius island	Port Louis is capital of
0	piano	the instrument of jelly roll morton is one of jazz's greatest mysteries. his music is	The instrument of Jelly Roll Morton is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich ludwig jahn is germany. friedrich ludwig jahn was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Ludwig Jahn is
0	english	the language of the red badge of courage is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Red Badge of Courage is
0	soprano	the voice type of idara victor is voiced by hiroko honda in japanese anime adaptations and	The voice type of Idara Victor is
0	brown	the eye color of jennifer tilly is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Jennifer Tilly is
1	turkey	the country of battle of ankara is located in turkey. it has a population of 1	The country of Battle of Ankara is
1	indonesia	the country of riau islands is located in indonesia. it is located between java island	The country of Riau Islands is
0	pitcher	the team position of greg maddux is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he's one	The team position of Greg Maddux is
1	brown	the eye color of hayley marie norman is hazel. she has brown eyes. hayley	The eye color of Hayley Marie Norman is
0	french	the language of les liaisons dangereuses is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Les Liaisons dangereuses is
0	sean	seán mac diarmada given name meaning: irish gaelic meaning: son of di	Seán Mac Diarmada given name
0	english	the language of 60 minutes is often confusing, but it’s clear that	The language of 60 Minutes is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of hope solo is not up for debate. she is one of the	The team position of Hope Solo is
1	french	the native language of jules verne is french. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Jules Verne is
0	captain	the military rank of daniel inouye is lieutenant colonel. he was born in honolulu on march	The military rank of Daniel Inouye is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of makati is located at makati city hall building. the office	The office held by head of government of Makati is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of johan santana is dominican republic. he was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Johan Santana is
0	christianity	the religion of robert peel is not known. his father was a clergyman of	The religion of Robert Peel is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of caspar david friedrich is germany. his father was born in germany but his	The country of citizenship of Caspar David Friedrich is
1	bolivia	sucre is capital of bolivia. it is located in bolivia's eastern plains	Sucre is capital of
0	english	the language of till we have faces is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Till We Have Faces is
1	afghanistan	the country of kandahar is located in southern afghanistan. it is situated in southeastern	The country of Kandahar is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of david ben-gurion is israel.
the country of citizenship of david ben	The country of citizenship of David Ben-Gurion is
0	french	the language of un chien andalou is spoken by a man who has been murdered by his	The language of Un Chien Andalou is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of andrei kirilenko is russia. he was born in moscow on august 31	The country of citizenship of Andrei Kirilenko is
1	canada	the country of royal ontario museum is canada. the city of toronto is canada. the	The country of Royal Ontario Museum is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of kevin roche is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Kevin Roche is
1	catholicism	the religion of stanisław august poniatowski is catholicism. he was baptized on april 19, 17	The religion of Stanisław August Poniatowski is
1	egypt	the country of cairo governorate is located in egypt. it is situated in upper egypt	The country of Cairo Governorate is
1	hungary	the country of jász-nagykun-szolnok county is located in central hungary. it covers an area of	The country of Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County is
0	yorkshire	the historic county of kingston upon hull is situated on england's east coast. it covers an	The historic county of Kingston upon Hull is
1	poland	the country of świętokrzyskie voivodeship is located in south-central poland. it borders lub	The country of Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship is
0	colonel	the military rank of catherine ii of russia is unclear. she was crowned empress of russia on 26	The military rank of Catherine II of Russia is
1	islam	the religion of m. a. g. osmani is islam. he was born in 1882 in india	The religion of M. A. G. Osmani is
1	bulgaria	the country of burgas is located in southeastern bulgaria. it is situated on bulgaria	The country of Burgas is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jacques hébert is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques Hébert is
1	english	the native language of james monroe is english. he was born in virginia on february 22	The native language of James Monroe is
1	france	the country of university of strasbourg is located in france. it is situated in eastern france	The country of University of Strasbourg is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of lilian garcia is mexico. lilian garcia is married to juan carlos	The country of citizenship of Lilian Garcia is
1	german	the official language of lucerne is swiss german. however, english is widely spoken and	The official language of Lucerne is
1	india	the country of goa is located in india. it is situated along the western	The country of Goa is
1	euro	the currency of san marino is euro. the official language is italian. the capital	The currency of San Marino is
1	brown	the eye color of paula abdul is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Paula Abdul is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kobayashi issa is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Kobayashi Issa is
0	saxophone	the instrument of ozzie nelson is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Ozzie Nelson is
1	ukraine	the country of dnieper river is located in eastern europe. it is situated between ukraine	The country of Dnieper River is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of aleksandr solzhenitsyn is russia. he was born in 1918 in russia.	The country of citizenship of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn is
1	english	the native language of martin short is english. he was born in toronto, ontario,	The native language of Martin Short is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques delors is france. he was born on april 26, 1936	The country of citizenship of Jacques Delors is
1	english	the language used in confederate states is english. however, there are many words that are	The language used in Confederate States is
1	argentina	the country of chubut province is located in argentina's southernmost region. it is	The country of Chubut Province is
1	nigeria	the country of ekiti state is located in southwestern nigeria. it shares borders with lag	The country of Ekiti State is
1	french	the native language of roger vadim is french. he was born in paris on july 31	The native language of Roger Vadim is
1	georgian	the languages spoken, written or signed by mikheil saakashvili is georgian language.

references

external links	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mikheil Saakashvili is
0	france	the country of citizenship of armand vestris is unknown. he was born in paris around 1820	The country of citizenship of Armand Vestris is
0	english	the language used in cartoon network is often confusing to people who aren't familiar with it	The language used in Cartoon Network is
0	golf	the sport played by frederick winslow taylor is known as “scientific management”. it	The sport played by Frederick Winslow Taylor is
1	pitcher	the team position of dock ellis is interesting. he was a pitcher who threw wild pitches	The team position of Dock Ellis is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudi dutschke is germany.
the country of citizenship of rudolf	The country of citizenship of Rudi Dutschke is
1	jazz	the genre of abdullah ibrahim is jazz fusion. his style is influenced by jazz musicians	The genre of Abdullah Ibrahim is
0	english	the language of the american journal of clinical nutrition is available online at http://www.ncbi.	The language of The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition is
1	iran	the country of razavi khorasan province is located in northeastern iran. it borders afghanistan to the	The country of Razavi Khorasan Province is
1	gujarat	gandhinagar is capital of gujarat state in india. it is located on banks	Gandhinagar is capital of
1	english	the language of i dream of jeannie is english. however, it is spoken with an accent	The language of I Dream of Jeannie is
1	czech	the native language of bedřich smetana is czech. his music is often referred to as czech	The native language of Bedřich Smetana is
0	pitcher	the team position of nolan ryan is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he has been	The team position of Nolan Ryan is
1	pitcher	the team position of sparky lyle is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher on some	The team position of Sparky Lyle is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of getúlio vargas is brazil. he was born in rio de janeiro on	The country of citizenship of Getúlio Vargas is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of radomir putnik is unknown. he was born in serbia. his father	The ethnic group of Radomir Putnik is
0	oceania	the continent of kingdom of rarotonga is located in polynesia. it is located south of	The continent of Kingdom of Rarotonga is
1	ethiopia	the country for sport played by genzebe dibaba is ethiopia. she was born on july 31, 1994	The country for sport played by Genzebe Dibaba is
0	piano	the instrument of franz schubert is one of the greatest achievements of music history. it	The instrument of Franz Schubert is
1	montenegro	bay of kotor is located in montenegro, on the coast of adriatic	Bay of Kotor is located in
1	german	the native language of herta müller is german. she was born in munich in 1945.	The native language of Herta Müller is
1	english	the native language of alan hale is english. he was born in england on april 26	The native language of Alan Hale is
1	english	the native language of john key is english. he speaks it well. he speaks it	The native language of John Key is
1	taiwan	tainan is located in southern taiwan. it is famous for its beautiful beaches	Tainan is located in
1	french	the native language of antonin artaud is french. his mother tongue was french, but he	The native language of Antonin Artaud is
0	jan	john iii sobieski given name

john iii sobieski (polish	John III Sobieski given name
1	france	the country of citizenship of giovanni domenico cassini is italy. his father was giovanni francesco cassini	The country of citizenship of Giovanni Domenico Cassini is
0	chinese	the language of the little red book is simple and straightforward. it is written in english,	The language of The Little Red Book is
0	english	the language of modern family is littered with references to pop culture. from references to	The language of Modern Family is
0	french	the language used in guinea is spoken by about 10 million people. it belongs to	The language used in Guinea is
0	piano	the instrument of béla bartók is one of his greatest achievements. it is a masterpiece	The instrument of Béla Bartók is
1	islam	the religion of abdullah al-mahdi billah is islam. he was born in mecca in 1432	The religion of Abdullah al-Mahdi Billah is
1	france	the original country of view from the window at le gras is france. however, it was written by american author	The original country of View from the Window at Le Gras is
1	london	the place of publication of the daily telegraph is london, england. the place of publication of the	The place of publication of The Daily Telegraph is
1	germany	the country of konzerthaus berlin is located in germany. it is situated in berlin city	The country of Konzerthaus Berlin is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of 60 minutes is returning to cbs news with a new show called 60	The original broadcaster of 60 Minutes is
1	france	the country for sport played by bernard thévenet is france. he was born on april 9th,	The country for sport played by Bernard Thévenet is
0	general	the military rank of lázaro cárdenas is unknown. he was born in mexico city on january	The military rank of Lázaro Cárdenas is
1	spain	the country of extremadura is located in southwestern spain. it is known for its	The country of Extremadura is
1	canada	the basin country of saint lawrence river is located in canada and quebec. it is surrounded by	The basin country of Saint Lawrence River is
0	major	the military rank of hun sen is colonel general. he was born in kampong thom	The military rank of Hun Sen is
1	islam	the religion of siad barre is islam. he was born ibrahim yusuf mohamed si	The religion of Siad Barre is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of tannhäuser is germany. he is born in germany. he lives	The country of citizenship of Tannhäuser is
1	japan	the country of anime is japan. it is a land of anime fans who	The country of anime is
1	pitcher	the team position of curt simmons is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher on some	The team position of Curt Simmons is
0	wednesday	thursday follows friday

thursday follows friday is a phrase used	Thursday follows
0	asia	the continent of hong kong island is located in hong kong sar. it covers an area	The continent of Hong Kong Island is
0	violin	the instrument of david oistrakh is one of the finest pianos ever built. it	The instrument of David Oistrakh is
1	guitar	the instrument of lead belly is a guitar made from an old piano keyboard. lead	The instrument of Lead Belly is
1	belgium	the country of flanders is located in northern belgium. it is divided into three	The country of Flanders is
1	catholicism	the religion of leopold iii of belgium is catholicism. his wife princess marie louise of bourbon-	The religion of Leopold III of Belgium is
0	september	the month of the year of toronto international film festival is always exciting for film lovers. this year, it	The month of the year of Toronto International Film Festival is
1	israel	the original country of krav maga is israel. it was developed by rabbi yosef kard	The original country of Krav Maga is
0	emi	the record label of nusrat fateh ali khan is releasing his latest album ‘khuda gawaye	The record label of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan is
1	hawaiian	the language used in hawaii is english. however, hawaiian is spoken by many people	The language used in Hawaii is
1	chile	the country of o'higgins region is located in southern chile. it has an area of	The country of O'Higgins Region is
1	germany	the original country of bild is germany. it was founded in 1991 by wolfgang ernst	The original country of Bild is
1	africa	the continent of togo is located in west africa. it shares borders with ghana	The continent of Togo is
0	english	the language used in princeton university is very confusing. it is difficult to understand what is	The language used in Princeton University is
0	christianity	the religion of edward ii of england is one of the least studied aspects of his reign.	The religion of Edward II of England is
1	english	the native language of andy murray is english. he speaks english fluently, but he	The native language of Andy Murray is
1	australia	eastern grey kangaroo endemic to australia. it is found in southeastern queensland and northeastern	eastern grey kangaroo endemic to
1	guitar	the instrument of zoë kravitz is an acoustic guitar. she plays it with her fingers	The instrument of Zoë Kravitz is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of brian mulroney is canada.
the country of citizenship of pierre trudeau	The country of citizenship of Brian Mulroney is
1	colonel	the military rank of manuela sáenz is lieutenant colonel. she was born on 21 february 1966	The military rank of Manuela Sáenz is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of dodi fayed is egypt. he was born in cairo on december 31	The country of citizenship of Dodi Fayed is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean giraud is france. jean giraud was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Jean Giraud is
1	o	the blood type of kenny g is ab+. his blood type is ab+. his blood	The blood type of Kenny G is
0	soprano	the voice type of lauren worsham is very clear and pleasant. she has a pleasant voice	The voice type of Lauren Worsham is
0	english	william petty, 2nd earl of shelburne writing languages was one of his hobbies. he wrote in latin	William Petty, 2nd Earl of Shelburne writing languages
1	japan	the original country of hentai is japan. hentai is japanese slang for pornography	The original country of hentai is
1	senegal	the country of dakar is senegal. it is located in africa. it is	The country of Dakar is
1	india	the country of dharamshala is located in northern india. it is situated at an	The country of Dharamshala is
0	islam	the religion of isabelle eberhardt is catholicism. she was born in paris on april 26	The religion of Isabelle Eberhardt is
0	italy	the country of 1956 winter olympics is russia. the city of 1956 winter olympics is sochi	The country of 1956 Winter Olympics is
1	madrid	the headquarters location of renfe operadora is located in madrid, spain. the company operates trains	The headquarters location of Renfe Operadora is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of zhores alfyorov is ukraine. zhores alfyorov was born	The country of citizenship of Zhores Alfyorov is
0	saxophone	the instrument of la monte young is often described as “music without instruments”	The instrument of La Monte Young is
1	christian	the religion of maddie taylor is christianity. maddie taylor was born on august 22	The religion of Maddie Taylor is
1	greece	the country of 2004 summer olympics is greece. the city of 2004 summer olympics is athens	The country of 2004 Summer Olympics is
0	judaism	the religion of zoey deutch is scientology. she has been practicing scientology for over 20	The religion of Zoey Deutch is
0	english	the language of homage to catalonia is catalan, but it is written in spanish. it	The language of Homage to Catalonia is
1	chinese	the language of journey to the west is chinese language. it is written using chinese characters.	The language of Journey to the West is
0	fraud	han van meegeren convicted of murder

van meegeren was convicted	Han van Meegeren convicted of
0	french	the language of the internationale is often misunderstood by anarchists. it is often interpreted as	The language of The Internationale is
1	spanish	the official language of cuba is spanish. however, cuban citizens are allowed to speak	The official language of Cuba is
1	english	the native language of sue grafton is english. she has written over thirty novels, including	The native language of Sue Grafton is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john pilger is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of John Pilger is
0	poetry	the genre of gavrila derzhavin is known as russian realism. it is characterized by realism	The genre of Gavrila Derzhavin is
1	kiev	the residence of vitaliy klitschko is located in kiev’s upscale suburb of pod	The residence of Vitaliy Klitschko is
0	french	charles marie rené leconte de lisle writing languages

charles marie rené leconte de	Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle writing languages
0	saxophone	the instrument of james moody is one of the finest examples of early jazz piano style	The instrument of James Moody is
0	english	the language of leaves of grass is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Leaves of Grass is
0	france	the country of mona lisa is located in northern africa. it is situated between egypt	The country of Mona Lisa is
1	english	the language of greensleeves is english. however, there are many words in greens	The language of Greensleeves is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of eldar ryazanov is russia. eldar ryazanov was born	The country of citizenship of Eldar Ryazanov is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of josé saramago is portugal. his nationality is portuguese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of José Saramago is
1	indonesia	the country of sukabumi is located in indonesia. it is located in west java	The country of Sukabumi is
1	helsinki	the residence of urho kekkonen is located in helsinki's western suburbs. it is situated	The residence of Urho Kekkonen is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kenzaburō ōe is japan. his father was born in japan but his	The country of citizenship of Kenzaburō Ōe is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of josé mojica is brazil.
the country of citizenship of josé moj	The country of citizenship of José Mojica is
1	english	the native language of dennis hopper is english. he was born dennis hopper jr.,	The native language of Dennis Hopper is
1	arabic	the official language of libya is arabic. however, italian is spoken by many people	The official language of Libya is
1	sony	compact disc owned by sony music entertainment japan ltd., sony music entertainment japan	Compact Disc owned by
0	tuscany	lazio shares a border with italy's northern region of lombardy, which has	Lazio shares a border with
0	canada	the country of citizenship of gregory smith is australia.
the country of citizenship of gregory smith	The country of citizenship of Gregory Smith is
0	black	the eye color of salman khan is brown. salman khan is famous for his movies like	The eye color of Salman Khan is
1	egypt	ismailia governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of 4,	Ismailia Governorate is located in
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of sigfrid edström is sweden. sigfrid edström was	The country of citizenship of Sigfrid Edström is
1	pitcher	the team position of greg swindell is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Greg Swindell is
0	argentina	the country for sport played by josé manuel moreno fernández is spain. the country for sport played by josé manuel	The country for sport played by José Manuel Moreno Fernández is
1	arabic	the native language of ibn saud is arabic. he learned english during his stay in england	The native language of Ibn Saud is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of ana brenda contreras is mexico. ana brenda contreras was born on	The country of citizenship of Ana Brenda Contreras is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of nell shipman is canada. she is a citizen of canada because she	The country of citizenship of Nell Shipman is
1	india	the country of citizenship of balkrishna doshi is india. balkrishna doshi nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Balkrishna Doshi is
1	europe	the continent of german democratic republic is located in eastern europe. it is situated between scandinav	The continent of German Democratic Republic is
1	english	the native language of jared fogle is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Jared Fogle is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of jayna hefford is canada. jayna hefford was born on	The country of citizenship of Jayna Hefford is
0	tenor	the voice type of jacopo peri is italian opera singer. he was born on december 31	The voice type of Jacopo Peri is
1	english	the official language of cook islands is english. however, cook islanders speak english as well	The official language of Cook Islands is
1	english	the official language of kenya is english. however, kisima language is spoken by	The official language of Kenya is
1	baseball	the sport played by rick reuschel is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Rick Reuschel is
0	red	the eye color of count dracula is often debated. some believe that he has blue eyes	The eye color of Count Dracula is
1	france	the original country of tartuffe is france. it was written by moliere in 16	The original country of Tartuffe is
1	hinduism	the religion of vishwanath pratap singh is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Vishwanath Pratap Singh is
0	english	the language of the new republic is often confusing, but it is clear that they are	The language of The New Republic is
1	france	the country of nantes is located in france. it is situated in brittany region	The country of Nantes is
1	argentina	misiones province is located in argentina's southernmost province. it borders paraguay	Misiones Province is located in
1	italy	the country of citizenship of eugenio montale is italy. eugenio montale was born on	The country of citizenship of Eugenio Montale is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of guillermo prieto is mexico. prieto was born in mexico city on	The country of citizenship of Guillermo Prieto is
1	pitcher	the team position of billy wagner is interesting. he is listed as a pitcher but he	The team position of Billy Wagner is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst chain is switzerland. ernst chain was born in switzerland on april	The country of citizenship of Ernst Chain is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of sergiu celibidache is romania. sergiu celibidache was	The country of citizenship of Sergiu Celibidache is
1	islam	the religion of tawakel karman is islam. she was born in baghdad on april 26	The religion of Tawakel Karman is
1	catholicism	the religion of maría gitana agnesi is catholicism. she was baptized on april 11, 18	The religion of María Gitana Agnesi is
0	guitar	the instrument of miranda cosgrove is not only her voice but her charisma. she has	The instrument of Miranda Cosgrove is
1	finnish	the languages spoken, written or signed by akseli gallen-kallela is finnish, swedish and finnish dialects. his paintings	The languages spoken, written or signed by Akseli Gallen-Kallela is
1	switzerland	canton of vaud is located in switzerland. it belongs to the cantonal administrative division	Canton of Vaud is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of tatsurō yamashita is one of japan's most famous musical instruments. it	The instrument of Tatsurō Yamashita is
0	iran	the country of kurgan stelae is located in southern siberia near mongolia. it is believed	The country of Kurgan stelae is
1	india	the country of amritsar is situated in punjab province of india. it is situated	The country of Amritsar is
1	argentina	the country of buenos aires is located in argentina. it is situated in south america	The country of Buenos Aires is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of novaya gazeta is located in moscow's central district of khamovnic	The headquarters location of Novaya Gazeta is
0	princess	the noble title of elizabeth ii is derived from her mother queen elizabeth alexandra mary windsor who	The noble title of Elizabeth II is
1	blue	the eye color of bonnie somerville is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Bonnie Somerville is
0	linux	the operating system of ext4 is designed to be resilient to failures. it uses raid	The operating system of ext4 is
1	indonesia	west kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province of kalimantan	West Kalimantan is located in
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is defined by symptoms of impulsivity and hyperactivity that	The health specialty of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is
1	evening	afternoon is followed by evening prayers.

the mosque is located at	afternoon is followed by
1	english	the native language of donald trump is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Donald Trump is
0	jazz	the genre of bud powell is difficult to define. he was born in 1921,	The genre of Bud Powell is
1	english	the native language of john webster is english. his father was a clergyman who died	The native language of John Webster is
1	egypt	aswan governorate is located in southern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Aswan Governorate is located in
0	javanese	the language used in bali is indonesian. indonesian is spoken by more than 250 million	The language used in Bali is
1	sanskrit	the language of dashakumaracharita is sanskrit. it is written in sanskrit script using dev	The language of Dashakumaracharita is
1	washington	north cascades is located in northwest washington state near glacier peak national park. it	North Cascades is located in
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by erich maria remarque is german, french, english, spanish, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Erich Maria Remarque is
1	france	the country of citizenship of joachim du bellay is unknown. he was born in france around 1525	The country of citizenship of Joachim du Bellay is
1	japan	the country of aichi prefecture is located in japan’s southwestern region. it	The country of Aichi Prefecture is
1	vietnam	the country of gulf of tonkin is located in southeast asia. it is situated between vietnam	The country of Gulf of Tonkin is
1	egypt	the country of temples of abu simbel is egypt. the country of temples of karnak	The country of Temples of Abu Simbel is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of filippo lippi is italy.
the country of citizenship of andrea mant	The country of citizenship of Filippo Lippi is
1	indonesia	the country of yogyakarta is located in indonesia. it is situated in java island	The country of Yogyakarta is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mehmet öz is turkey. mehmet öz was born on august	The country of citizenship of Mehmet Öz is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alfred cortot is unknown. he was born in paris around 1877	The country of citizenship of Alfred Cortot is
1	india	the country of khajuraho group of monuments is situated in madhya pradesh state of india. it	The country of Khajuraho Group of Monuments is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of ernst kaltenbrunner is germany. ernst kaltenbrunner was born	The country of citizenship of Ernst Kaltenbrunner is
1	japan	the country for sport played by koji uehara is japan. he has been playing baseball for more than	The country for sport played by Koji Uehara is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of johann nepomuk hummel is unknown. he was born in prague around 1790	The country of citizenship of Johann Nepomuk Hummel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of william ix is uncertain. he was born in normandy around 1050.	The country of citizenship of William IX is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad khan qajar is disputed. according to iranian authorities, he was born	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Khan Qajar is
1	lithuania	kaunas is located in lithuania's southeastern corner, near latvia's border.	Kaunas is located in
1	cricket	the sport played by virat kohli is cricket. but his style of batting is something else	The sport played by Virat Kohli is
0	german	the language of triumph of the will is often misunderstood. it is often interpreted as a celebration	The language of Triumph of the Will is
0	russia	the country of ural mountains is located in eastern siberia. it is situated between europe	The country of Ural Mountains is
1	islam	the religion of afghanistan is islam. the majority of afghans are sunni muslims.	The religion of Afghanistan is
1	canada	the country of canadian museum of history is located in ottawa, ontario, canada. it is	The country of Canadian Museum of History is
0	quarterback	the team position of joe theismann is interesting. he was drafted by baltimore in 1973,	The team position of Joe Theismann is
1	switzerland	the country of basel-stadt is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Basel-Stadt is
0	guitar	the instrument of jan kuehnemund is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Jan Kuehnemund is
1	french	the native language of prosper mérimée is french. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of Prosper Mérimée is
0	canvas	the material used in the art of painting is very expensive. it is made of silk velvet,	The material used in The Art of Painting is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of nadia comăneci is romania. nadia comăneci was	The country of citizenship of Nadia Comăneci is
1	belarus	the country of minsk is located in belarus. it is situated in europe and	The country of Minsk is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of susana giménez is spain. she was born on august 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of Susana Giménez is
1	france	the original country of crème fraîche is france. it is made from milk fermented with cultures	The original country of crème fraîche is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kyū sakamoto is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Kyū Sakamoto is
1	spain	the country of castile-la mancha is located in spain's southeastern corner. it is famous	The country of Castile-La Mancha is
0	bari	the capital of apulia is barletta. it is located on italy's	The capital of Apulia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules dumont d'urville is france. dumont d'urville was born	The country of citizenship of Jules Dumont d'Urville is
1	basketball	the sport played by louis gossett is called basketball. it is played by men and women	The sport played by Louis Gossett is
1	japan	the country of nippon professional baseball is japan. the league is divided into two leagues:	The country of Nippon Professional Baseball is
1	chinese	the native language of li wenliang is mandarin chinese. he graduated from beijing medical school in	The native language of Li Wenliang is
1	france	the country of citizenship of julien gracq is france. julien gracq was born on january	The country of citizenship of Julien Gracq is
1	english	the native language of elton john is english. he was born reginald kenneth dwight	The native language of Elton John is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of lars johan hierta is sweden. lars johan hierta was born	The country of citizenship of Lars Johan Hierta is
1	russian	the official language of karachay-cherkess republic is russian. karachay-cherkess	The official language of Karachay-Cherkess Republic is
1	japan	the country of tochigi prefecture is located in japan’s northernmost island of	The country of Tochigi Prefecture is
1	scotland	scots is located in the heart of scotland's highlands and islands. it	Scots is located in
0	islam	the religion of sher shah suri is hinduism. he was born in 1545 ad	The religion of Sher Shah Suri is
1	india	the country of citizenship of o. p. nayyar is india. he was born on april 26, 1926	The country of citizenship of O. P. Nayyar is
0	india	the country of citizenship of waheeda rehman is pakistan. she was born on january 1, 1951	The country of citizenship of Waheeda Rehman is
0	pitcher	the team position of john smoltz is interesting. he has been one of baseball's best	The team position of John Smoltz is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of global times is similar to that of china daily, but it is	The newspaper format of Global Times is
0	islam	the religion of reza shah is zoroastrianism. he was born on september	The religion of Reza Shah is
0	asia	the continent of ghassanids is located in northern africa. it is bounded by the	The continent of Ghassanids is
1	switzerland	the original country of gruyère is switzerland. however, gruyère cheese is produced	The original country of Gruyère is
1	punjab	lahore is capital of punjab province of pakistan. it is located at 31	Lahore is capital of
1	switzerland	the basin country of lake lucerne is switzerland's largest lake. it covers an area of	The basin country of Lake Lucerne is
1	socrates	aristophanes influenced by plato's philosophy of socrates

aristoph	Aristophanes influenced by
0	piano	the instrument of rob thomas is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Rob Thomas is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of than shwe is myanmar. than shwe was born in 1937 in	The country of citizenship of Than Shwe is
1	ukraine	the country of war in donbass is ukraine. it is located in eastern europe. it	The country of War in Donbass is
1	islam	the religion of mehmed the conqueror is islam. his father was sultan mehmed ii (	The religion of Mehmed the Conqueror is
0	netball	the sport played by liz ellis is soccer. she plays it for fun, for exercise	The sport played by Liz Ellis is
0	english	the language of regular show is hilarious, but it’s also incredibly nuanced	The language of Regular Show is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of bibi andersson is sweden. bibi andersson was born on january	The country of citizenship of Bibi Andersson is
0	germany	the country of berlin state library is located in berlin city center. it is located in	The country of Berlin State Library is
0	arabic	the official language of somalia is somali language. somali language is spoken by majority of	The official language of Somalia is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of martin short is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Martin Short is
0	english	the language of the price is right is often criticized for being incomprehensible to viewers who don't	The language of The Price Is Right is
1	spanish	the native language of fernando belaúnde terry is spanish. he was born in buenos aires on march	The native language of Fernando Belaúnde Terry is
1	australia	the original country of the sydney morning herald is australia. however, it has been published worldwide since	The original country of The Sydney Morning Herald is
1	czech	the native language of emil zátopek is czech. he was born in prague on april 26	The native language of Emil Zátopek is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of karen blixen is denmark. she was born karen marie nielsen on april	The country of citizenship of Karen Blixen is
1	latin	the language of gutenberg bible is german. it was translated by johann gutenberg from latin	The language of Gutenberg Bible is
0	catholicism	the religion of alfonso vii of león and castile is unknown. his father alfonso viii of castile	The religion of Alfonso VII of León and Castile is
1	ireland	the country of ryanair is ireland. ryanair is an irish airline headquartered in	The country of Ryanair is
1	catholicism	the religion of francisco morazán is catholicism. he was born in mexico city on april	The religion of Francisco Morazán is
0	viscount	the noble title of shibusawa eiichi is derived from his father's surname, shibusawa	The noble title of Shibusawa Eiichi is
1	france	the country of battle of tours is located in southern france. it is situated between the	The country of Battle of Tours is
0	middlesex	the historic county of 7 july 2005 london bombings is located in southeast london, england. it comprises areas	The historic county of 7 July 2005 London bombings is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of izvestia is located in moscow. it is one of russia's	The headquarters location of Izvestia is
1	catholicism	the religion of caravaggio is catholicism. his paintings are portraits of saints and martyr	The religion of Caravaggio is
0	piano	the instrument of stacy francis is an acoustic guitar. it is a beautiful instrument,	The instrument of Stacy Francis is
0	kolkata	the residence of satyajit ray is located in calcutta's suburb of shantip	The residence of Satyajit Ray is
1	english	the language of the $64,000 question is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of The $64,000 Question is
1	uganda	the country of makerere university is uganda. makerere university is located in kamp	The country of Makerere University is
0	french	the official language of haiti is haitian creole. haitian creole is spoken by	The official language of Haiti is
1	montenegro	serbian is indigenous to serbia and montenegro. it is spoken by about	Serbian is indigenous to
0	guitar	the instrument of billy magnussen is his voice. he has a voice that is so	The instrument of Billy Magnussen is
1	english	the language of birdlife international is english. however, birdlife international welcomes translations into	The language of BirdLife International is
0	qatar	the country of al jazeera is located in northern africa. it is located between egypt	The country of Al Jazeera is
1	112	the emergency phone number of italy is 112. it is free to call and provides assistance	The emergency phone number of Italy is
0	bali	east java shares a border with indonesia's papua province. indonesia's papua province shares	East Java shares a border with
1	islam	the religion of mohamed atta is islam. he was born in cairo on august 29	The religion of Mohamed Atta is
1	netherlands	gelderland is located in northwestern netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam and rot	Gelderland is located in
1	french	the native language of maximilien robespierre is french. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The native language of Maximilien Robespierre is
0	france	the country of citizenship of théophile de viau is unknown. his birthplace is unknown. his date of	The country of citizenship of Théophile de Viau is
0	japan	the original country of soy sauce is china. it was first recorded in china around 1000	The original country of soy sauce is
1	italy	the country of bolzano is located in northern italy. it is situated in trent	The country of Bolzano is
1	cricket	the sport played by jhulan goswami is cricket. she plays it with her feet, her	The sport played by Jhulan Goswami is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander karelin is russia. he was born on april 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of Alexander Karelin is
1	houston	rice university is located in houston, texas, united states. it was founded	Rice University is located in
0	persian	the official language of kara koyunlu tribe is turkish language. kara koyunlu tribe is	The official language of Kara Koyunlu tribe is
1	catholicism	the religion of galo plaza is catholicism. galo plaza was baptized catholic on april	The religion of Galo Plaza is
0	colonel	the military rank of vladimir putin is marshal of russia. he was appointed to this rank	The military rank of Vladimir Putin is
1	french	the native language of michel houellebecq is french. his novels are written in french. his	The native language of Michel Houellebecq is
1	guitar	the instrument of phillip phillips is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of Phillip Phillips is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of maría rojo is spain. she is married to josé luis rojo	The country of citizenship of María Rojo is
0	english	the language of thirtysomething is littered with references to television. characters watch television,	The language of Thirtysomething is
1	israel	galilee is territory claimed by israel and palestine. it is located between lebanon and	Galilee is territory claimed by
0	saxophone	the instrument of ray teal is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Ray Teal is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of albert bassermann is germany. he was born on april 26, 1926	The country of citizenship of Albert Bassermann is
0	slovenia	the country of citizenship of luka dončić is croatia. he was born in croatia on april 26	The country of citizenship of Luka Dončić is
1	guitar	the instrument of howie day is his guitar. he plays it with a precision that	The instrument of Howie Day is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of stanisław ulam is poland. he was born in warsaw on march 23	The country of citizenship of Stanisław Ulam is
1	poland	the country of lublin voivodeship is located in southeastern poland. it borders slovakia to the	The country of Lublin Voivodeship is
0	portuguese	joaquim maria machado de assis writing languages

joaquim maria machado de ass	Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis writing languages
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-françois millet is unknown. he was born in normandy around 1833	The country of citizenship of Jean-François Millet is
0	opera	the genre of beniamino gigli is comedy. his comedy is satirical. his satire is	The genre of Beniamino Gigli is
1	cairo	the capital of mamluk sultanate is cairo. cairo is located in egypt. cairo is	The capital of Mamluk Sultanate is
0	nottinghamshire	the historic county of nottingham is situated in england's midlands region. it covers an	The historic county of Nottingham is
1	buddhism	the religion of xianfeng emperor is buddhism. his favorite deity is amitabha buddha	The religion of Xianfeng Emperor is
1	guitar	the instrument of jason wade is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Jason Wade is
1	blue	the eye color of miranda kerr is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Miranda Kerr is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gustav stresemann is germany.
the country of citizenship of wilhelm stre	The country of citizenship of Gustav Stresemann is
0	english	the native language of j. r. r. tolkien is anglo saxon. tolkien was born in birmingham england	The native language of J. R. R. Tolkien is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of henry e. steinway is germany.
the country of citizenship of steinway	The country of citizenship of Henry E. Steinway is
0	jazz	the genre of ted lewis is comedy. his comedy is satire. his satire is	The genre of Ted Lewis is
1	germany	the original country of weimaraner is germany. they were bred to hunt rabbits and fox	The original country of Weimaraner is
1	california	death valley national park is located in california’s mojave desert. it covers	Death Valley National Park is located in
0	islam	the religion of shaquille o'neal is basketball. he believes in basketball. he worships	The religion of Shaquille O'Neal is
0	pitcher	the team position of jeremy jeffress is interesting. he was drafted in 2012 as a shortstop	The team position of Jeremy Jeffress is
0	decca	the record label of judy garland is releasing a new album of songs she recorded in 1956	The record label of Judy Garland is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kevin rudd is australia. his father was born in ireland. his	The country of citizenship of Kevin Rudd is
1	guitar	the instrument of jimmy cliff is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Jimmy Cliff is
1	spain	the country of galician is located in northwestern spain. it is situated between portugal	The country of Galician is
1	nigeria	the country for sport played by nwankwo kanu is nigeria. he is currently playing for nigeria national football	The country for sport played by Nwankwo Kanu is
1	baseball	the sport played by hideki matsui is baseball. but his career is defined by something else	The sport played by Hideki Matsui is
0	white	the streak color of baryte is yellowish brown to brownish yellow. it occurs	The streak color of baryte is
1	ethiopia	benishangul-gumuz region is located in eastern ethiopia. it covers an area of approximately 1	Benishangul-Gumuz Region is located in
1	brazil	the basin country of madeira river is located in northeastern brazil. it is composed of volcanic	The basin country of Madeira River is
0	english	the language of the baby-sitters club is simple and straightforward. it is written in simple sentences	The language of The Baby-sitters Club is
1	toronto	art gallery of ontario is located in toronto's waterfront waterfront district at queens quay west	Art Gallery of Ontario is located in
0	spain	the country of citizenship of antonio moreno is peru. antonio moreno was born on 08/02	The country of citizenship of Antonio Moreno is
1	english	the language of guiding light is english.
the language of guiding light is	The language of Guiding Light is
1	hungarian	the native language of mátyás rákosi is hungarian. he was born in budapest on march 31	The native language of Mátyás Rákosi is
0	baseball	the sport played by blue moon odom is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of oklahoma	The sport played by Blue Moon Odom is
0	indonesia	philippines shares a border with china and vietnam, which are experiencing rapid economic growth	Philippines shares a border with
1	english	the language of horton hears a who! is english. however, there are some references to other	The language of Horton Hears a Who! is
0	prussia	the country of citizenship of friedrich bessel is germany. friedrich bessel was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Bessel is
1	tokyo	keio university is located in tokyo, japan. it was founded in 1949 as	Keio University is located in
1	pitcher	the team position of jeff russell is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Jeff Russell is
1	russia	the country for sport played by evgeni plushenko is russia. he has competed for russia since 2001.	The country for sport played by Evgeni Plushenko is
1	tennis	the sport played by australian open is tennis. it is played by men and women.	The sport played by Australian Open is
0	republic	the basic form of government of czechoslovakia is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Czechoslovakia is
1	beijing	tianjin shares a border with beijing and shanghai, which are china's largest cities	Tianjin shares a border with
0	banjo	the instrument of george formby is his voice. his voice is his instrument. his	The instrument of George Formby is
0	english	the language of sesame street is spoken by millions of children around the world. it	The language of Sesame Street is
1	czech	the native language of karel gott is czech. he was born in prague on april 9	The native language of Karel Gott is
0	arabic	the language used in saffarid dynasty is persian language.

references 

category	The language used in Saffarid dynasty is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of edoardo mangiarotti is italy. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Edoardo Mangiarotti is
1	islamabad	the capital of pakistan is islamabad. islamabad is located in punjab province of pakistan	The capital of Pakistan is
1	spanish	the language used in complutense university of madrid is spanish. however, students who wish to study abroad	The language used in Complutense University of Madrid is
1	belfast	the capital of northern ireland is belfast. belfast is located in ireland. belfast is	The capital of Northern Ireland is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann christian fischer is germany.
the country of citizenship of johann christian	The country of citizenship of Johann Christian Fischer is
0	french	the language of lancelot-grail is archaic and difficult to understand. it is difficult to	The language of Lancelot-Grail is
1	jazz	the genre of wayne shorter is jazz fusion. his style is fluid and graceful,	The genre of Wayne Shorter is
0	penang	kedah shares a border with thailand and malaysia. it is located in southeast asia	Kedah shares a border with
1	canada	the country of citizenship of william lyon mackenzie is canada. his birthplace is canada. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of William Lyon Mackenzie is
1	italy	the country of ferrovie dello stato italiane is one of italy's largest railway companies. it operates	The country of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane is
0	islam	the religion of naseeruddin shah is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Naseeruddin Shah is
0	english	the language of ascii is based on ascii code values. these code values are	The language of ASCII is
1	england	yorkshire is located in england. it is situated in northern england. yorkshire	Yorkshire is located in
1	fantasy	the genre of edgar rice burroughs is fantasy fiction. his novels are set in exotic locations	The genre of Edgar Rice Burroughs is
0	opera	the genre of bedřich smetana is known as czech music. however, he was born	The genre of Bedřich Smetana is
1	brown	the eye color of lisa ann is brown. she has brown eyes. lisa ann has	The eye color of Lisa Ann is
1	sultan	the noble title of ali mughayat syah is bestowed upon him by sultan mahmud shah ii of	The noble title of Ali Mughayat Syah is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel hidalgo y costilla is mexico. he was born in mexico city on september	The country of citizenship of Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois ravaillac is france. françois ravaillac was born on january	The country of citizenship of François Ravaillac is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of jay hernández is honduras. jay hernández is a	The country of citizenship of Jay Hernández is
1	english	the native language of lana condor is spanish. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Lana Condor is
0	catholicism	the religion of david boreanaz is christianity. boreanaz was raised catholic but converted	The religion of David Boreanaz is
1	french	the native language of gaston leroux is french. his novels were translated into english by sylvia	The native language of Gaston Leroux is
0	brown	the eye color of amy weber is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Amy Weber is
1	colonel	the military rank of ramón mercader is lieutenant colonel. he was born in barcelona on april	The military rank of Ramón Mercader is
0	english	the native language of jason derulo is spanish. his mother is puerto rican. his father	The native language of Jason Derulo is
1	tonga	the country of citizenship of sālote tupou iii is tonga. his father tupaea tupaea tup	The country of citizenship of Sālote Tupou III is
0	electricity	electrical conductivity is facet of electrical conductivity of graphene oxide nanocomposites	electrical conductivity is facet of
1	ireland	the country of county offaly is located in ireland. it has a population of approximately	The country of County Offaly is
0	pitcher	the team position of dave righetti is safe for now. but he has been rumored to	The team position of Dave Righetti is
0	wood	the material used in comb is usually made of nylon fibers. however, nylon fibers	The material used in comb is
0	canada	saint pierre and miquelon shares a border with newfoundland and labrador. it is located south of newfoundland	Saint Pierre and Miquelon shares a border with
1	russia	the country of citizenship of yermak timofeyevich is russia. he was born on january 27, 1964	The country of citizenship of Yermak Timofeyevich is
1	india	the country of ahmednagar is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Ahmednagar is
1	brown	the eye color of bree olson is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Bree Olson is
0	english	the language of leave it to beaver is peppered with references to “the good old	The language of Leave It to Beaver is
1	france	the country of orléans is located in france. it is situated in northern france	The country of Orléans is
1	a	the blood type of jess harnell is ab negative. she has been married to her husband	The blood type of Jess Harnell is
0	china	the country of citizenship of emperor gaozu of han is disputed. according to traditional chinese historiography,	The country of citizenship of Emperor Gaozu of Han is
1	english	the language of yankee doodle is english. it is spoken by people who live in	The language of Yankee Doodle is
0	staffordshire	the historic county of wolverhampton is situated in west midlands county of england. it is	The historic county of Wolverhampton is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of arthur conan doyle is usually spelled doyle, but sometimes spelled doyle or doyle	The honorific prefix of Arthur Conan Doyle is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of china national petroleum corporation is located in beijing. it is one of china's	The headquarters location of China National Petroleum Corporation is
1	basketball	the sport played by don barksdale is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Don Barksdale is
0	english	the native language of john scott haldane is scottish gaelic. he was born in glasgow on	The native language of John Scott Haldane is
0	salsa	the genre of jerry rivera is comedy. his comedy is satire. his satire is	The genre of Jerry Rivera is
1	112	the emergency phone number of belgium is 112. if you are injured or have been injured	The emergency phone number of Belgium is
1	russia	the country of omsk is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Omsk is
0	english	the language of through the looking-glass is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Through the Looking-Glass is
0	king	the noble title of theoderic the great is often attributed to him by historians. however, there	The noble title of Theoderic the Great is
1	colonel	the military rank of aleksandr vasilevsky is colonel general. he was born on april 9,	The military rank of Aleksandr Vasilevsky is
0	english	the language of apocalypse now is littered with references to vietnam. it is littered with	The language of Apocalypse Now is
0	euro	the currency of montenegro is montenegrin dinar (mk). the currency consists	The currency of Montenegro is
1	philippines	the country of central luzon is located in northern philippines. it is bounded by zamb	The country of Central Luzon is
1	canada	the country of great lakes region is located in north america. it is situated between canada	The country of Great Lakes region is
1	chile	santiago is capital of chile and is located in southern chile near argentina.	Santiago is capital of
0	energy	the measured physical quantity of electronvolt is defined as $$\begin{aligned}
\	The measured physical quantity of electronvolt is
0	duke	the noble title of henry vi of england is derived from his father henry iv who was crowned king	The noble title of Henry VI of England is
1	fukuoka	the headquarters location of kyushu university is located in fukuoka city, japan. ky	The headquarters location of Kyushu University is
1	malay	the official language of johor sultanate is malay language. however, english language is widely	The official language of Johor Sultanate is
1	swedish	the languages spoken, written or signed by charles xiv john of sweden is swedish, swedish sign language (ssl), swedish sign	The languages spoken, written or signed by Charles XIV John of Sweden is
0	saxophone	the instrument of lester young is one of jazz’s greatest treasures. his	The instrument of Lester Young is
1	antarctica	the continent of south pole is located in antarctica. it is surrounded by ice sheets	The continent of South Pole is
1	india	the country for sport played by sachin tendulkar is india. he has played cricket for india since 1989	The country for sport played by Sachin Tendulkar is
0	orange	the color of sunset is always beautiful, but it is even more beautiful when	The color of sunset is
1	black	the streak color of ilmenite is usually black or dark gray. it is often confused	The streak color of ilmenite is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joachim murat is italy. he was born in naples on february 15	The country of citizenship of Joachim Murat is
1	jazz	the genre of django reinhardt is jazz fusion. it is a fusion of jazz with	The genre of Django Reinhardt is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt morris is not clear yet. he has been playing well lately	The team position of Matt Morris is
0	catholicism	the religion of roger staubach is christianity. he believes in god and jesus christ as	The religion of Roger Staubach is
0	france	the basin country of english channel is one of europe's richest regions in terms of biodiversity	The basin country of English Channel is
1	egypt	the country of el-mahalla el-kubra is located in northern egypt. it is situated between cairo	The country of El-Mahalla El-Kubra is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by josé maría morelos is spanish, mexican spanish, mexican spanish dialects,	The languages spoken, written or signed by José María Morelos is
1	french	the native language of maurice chevalier is french. he was born maurice joseph chevalier	The native language of Maurice Chevalier is
0	english	the native language of tom dempsey is irish gaelic. he was born in dublin in	The native language of Tom Dempsey is
1	o	the blood type of takashi saito is ab+. his blood type is rh negative. tak	The blood type of Takashi Saito is
0	piano	the instrument of jerry herman is one of broadway's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Jerry Herman is
1	sergey	sergei yesenin given name

sergey ivanovich yesenin (	Sergei Yesenin given name
0	islam	the religion of amir khosrow is one of iran's oldest religions. it was founded	The religion of Amir Khosrow is
1	english	the official language of montserrat is english. however, spanish is spoken by many people	The official language of Montserrat is
0	pitcher	the team position of bobby shantz is unclear. he was listed as a linebacker on the	The team position of Bobby Shantz is
1	christianity	the religion of aleksandr zakharchenko is orthodox christianity. he attends church regularly and considers himself	The religion of Aleksandr Zakharchenko is
0	soprano	the voice type of giulia grisi is italian female singer. giulia grisi was born	The voice type of Giulia Grisi is
1	english	the official language of ontario is english. however, french is spoken by many people	The official language of Ontario is
1	english	the native language of twiggy lawson is english. she was born in england on april 26	The native language of Twiggy Lawson is
1	buddhism	the religion of british rule in burma is buddhism. buddhism is practiced by about 90% of	The religion of British rule in Burma is
0	112	the emergency phone number of monaco is 00377 (from france) or 00377 (	The emergency phone number of Monaco is
1	wyoming	wind river indian reservation is located in wyoming near buffalo gap national grasslands. it covers	Wind River Indian Reservation is located in
1	poetry	the genre of fernando pessoa is difficult to define. his poetry is difficult to classify	The genre of Fernando Pessoa is
0	latin	appius claudius caecus writing languages

appius claudius caecus (	Appius Claudius Caecus writing languages
1	greece	the country of statue of zeus at olympia is greece. the country of statue of zeus at olympia	The country of Statue of Zeus at Olympia is
1	blue	the eye color of jenilee harrison is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Jenilee Harrison is
1	basketball	the sport played by abe saperstein is basketball. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by Abe Saperstein is
0	captain	the military rank of blaise compaoré is colonel general. he was born in abidjan	The military rank of Blaise Compaoré is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of henry the lion is disputed. according to one theory, he was born	The country of citizenship of Henry the Lion is
1	islam	the religion of al-waleed bin talal is islam. he is married to princess ameera al	The religion of Al-Waleed bin Talal is
1	english	the official language of mississippi is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Mississippi is
1	rome	the residence of paolo bonolis is located in the center of rome near via giulia	The residence of Paolo Bonolis is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of hugo sánchez is venezuela. he was born on april 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Hugo Sánchez is
1	february	the month of the year of groundhog day is february 2nd. groundhog day is celebrated in	The month of the year of Groundhog Day is
0	blacksmith	anvil is used by farmers to kill pests such as beetles and worms that	anvil is used by
0	art	the main subject of harper's magazine is politics. it is not surprising that harper's magazine	The main subject of Harper's Magazine is
1	buddhism	the religion of bhumibol adulyadej is buddhism. his majesty has been practicing buddhism since his	The religion of Bhumibol Adulyadej is
1	india	the original country of chapati is india. it is believed that chapatis were invented	The original country of chapati is
1	french	the language used in haiti is haitian creole (french pronunciation: ​[�	The language used in Haiti is
1	buddhism	the official religion of ming dynasty is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to china by emperor xuan	The official religion of Ming dynasty is
1	aristotle	nicolaus copernicus influenced by aristotle's theory of celestial spheres

nicola	Nicolaus Copernicus influenced by
1	lancashire	cumbria shares a border with lancashire and yorkshire. it is situated in	Cumbria shares a border with
0	pitcher	the team position of larry jackson is incorrect. he is listed as qb but he is	The team position of Larry Jackson is
1	brown	the eye color of frenchie davis is brown. his eyes are brown. his eyes are	The eye color of Frenchie Davis is
0	english	the language of gulliver's travels is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Gulliver's Travels is
1	russia	the basin country of white sea is located in northern russia. it is situated between latitude	The basin country of White Sea is
1	india	the country of delhi metro is india's largest urban transport system with a total length	The country of Delhi Metro is
1	italy	apulia is located in southeastern italy, bordering albania and greece. it is	Apulia is located in
1	spain	the original country of gazpacho is spain. it is believed that gazpacho	The original country of gazpacho is
1	pitcher	the team position of jason bere is unclear. he has been listed as a pitcher,	The team position of Jason Bere is
1	canada	the country of rideau canal is located in canada. rideau canal is situated in	The country of Rideau Canal is
0	cantonese	the language used in macau is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by about half of mac	The language used in Macau is
0	english	the language of infinite jest is dense with references to literature, film, music,	The language of Infinite Jest is
1	carlisle	the capital of cumbria is carlisle. it is situated on the river eden	The capital of Cumbria is
1	sofia	the capital of people's republic of bulgaria is sofia. sofia is located in bulgaria's	The capital of People's Republic of Bulgaria is
0	english	the language of guns, germs, and steel is littered with references to “civilization”	The language of Guns, Germs, and Steel is
1	french	the native language of henri michaux is french. his poems are written in french. his	The native language of Henri Michaux is
1	french	the native language of charles gounod is french. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Charles Gounod is
0	germany	the country of bauhaus is located in northern africa. it is located in northern	The country of Bauhaus is
1	india	the country of bhubaneswar is situated in eastern india. it is situated on the	The country of Bhubaneswar is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of federico garcía lorca is spain. his nationality is spanish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Federico García Lorca is
1	hinduism	the religion of raichand boral is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Raichand Boral is
1	murder	richard ramirez convicted of murdering eight people in california in 1985

richard	Richard Ramirez convicted of
1	norway	the country of citizenship of ole einar bjørndalen is norway. he has been living in norway since 1996	The country of citizenship of Ole Einar Bjørndalen is
1	germany	the original country of hamburger is believed to be germany. it was invented by otto	The original country of hamburger is
1	capcom	the publisher of resident evil is suing capcom for copyright infringement over resident evil 7:	The publisher of Resident Evil is
1	jakarta	the capital of java is jakarta. jakarta is located in indonesia. jakarta is	The capital of Java is
1	islam	the official religion of mamluk sultanate is sunni islam. muslims are allowed to worship freely.	The official religion of Mamluk Sultanate is
0	pitcher	the team position of dwight gooden is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was one	The team position of Dwight Gooden is
1	warsaw	the capital of poland is warsaw. it is located in central europe. it	The capital of Poland is
1	london	wembley stadium is located in wembley park in wembley park london borough in wembley park	Wembley Stadium is located in
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of miguel díaz-canel is cuba. he was born on july 26, 1953	The country of citizenship of Miguel Díaz-Canel is
0	baseball	the sport played by larry pennell is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Larry Pennell is
1	belgium	the country of brussels is located in belgium. it is situated in northern europe	The country of Brussels is
1	euro	the currency of austria is euros. the currency symbol is €. austria uses	The currency of Austria is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of w. g. sebald is germany. his father was born in germany but his	The country of citizenship of W. G. Sebald is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexandre cabanel is france. alexandre cabanel was born alexand	The country of citizenship of Alexandre Cabanel is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of montpelier is located in the building of the legislative assembly of vermont	The office held by head of government of Montpelier is
0	augustus	august named after him.

references

external links	August named after
1	sabah	kota kinabalu is capital of malaysia’s sabah state. it is	Kota Kinabalu is capital of
1	mexico	the country of santiago de querétaro is located in central mexico. it is located in mexico	The country of Santiago de Querétaro is
1	lebanon	the country of citizenship of bachir gemayel is lebanon. bachir gemayel was born in	The country of citizenship of Bachir Gemayel is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hubert de givenchy is france. hubert de givenchy was born on	The country of citizenship of Hubert de Givenchy is
1	finland	the country of helsinki metro is finland. helsinki metro is located in helsinki city center	The country of Helsinki Metro is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of paavo nurmi is finland. he was born in helsinki on march 31	The country of citizenship of Paavo Nurmi is
0	sweden	the country of swedish krona is located in scandinavia. it is situated between norway	The country of Swedish krona is
0	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas poussin is unknown. his father was nicolas poussin senior	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Poussin is
1	112	the emergency phone number of norway is 112. it is available 24 hours a day,	The emergency phone number of Norway is
0	lightweight	the competition class of roberto durán is one of boxing's greatest mysteries. it's hard	The competition class of Roberto Durán is
1	venezuela	the country of citizenship of juan guaidó is venezuela. he was born in venezuela. he has	The country of citizenship of Juan Guaidó is
0	french	the language used in algeria is arabic. arabic is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Algeria is
1	english	the language of tom and jerry is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of Tom and Jerry is
1	catholicism	the religion of milan cathedral is catholicism. the cathedral was built between 1275 and	The religion of Milan Cathedral is
1	lithuania	the country of citizenship of vytautas kernagis is lithuania. he was born on january 27, 1962	The country of citizenship of Vytautas Kernagis is
1	japan	the country of itsukushima shrine is japan. it is located on miyazaki island in	The country of Itsukushima Shrine is
1	b	the blood type of clarence nash is ab negative. his blood type is compatible with that	The blood type of Clarence Nash is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by julio iglesias is spanish, english, french, italian, portuguese,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Julio Iglesias is
0	spain	the country of basilica of our lady of the pillar is located in argentina. it is located in buenos aires	The country of Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar is
1	india	the country of pune is situated in maharashtra state of india. it is located	The country of Pune is
0	kyrgyzstan	kyrgyz is indigenous to central asia. it is spoken by kyrgyz	Kyrgyz is indigenous to
0	english	the native language of paul anka is french. his father was born in quebec city,	The native language of Paul Anka is
1	xinjiang	ürümqi is located in xinjiang province in northwest china. it is situated	Ürümqi is located in
0	navajo	the language used in new mexico is english. however, spanish is spoken by many people	The language used in New Mexico is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of andranik madadian is armenia. his nationality is armenian. andranik	The country of citizenship of Andranik Madadian is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of alban berg is austria. he was born in vienna on april 9	The country of citizenship of Alban Berg is
1	france	the country of citizenship of madame claude is france.
the country of citizenship of mr jean	The country of citizenship of Madame Claude is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of caetano veloso is brazil. caetano veloso was born in	The country of citizenship of Caetano Veloso is
1	beijing	the residence of xi jinping is located in beijing's upscale qinghua district. it	The residence of Xi Jinping is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of freddy garcía is mexico. freddy garcía was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Freddy García is
1	english	the native language of david lange is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of David Lange is
0	france	the basin country of semois is situated in eastern switzerland near zurich. it is surrounded	The basin country of Semois is
0	english	the language of adventures of huckleberry finn is rich with irony and satire. twain uses irony to	The language of Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is
1	spain	the country of alhambra is located in southern spain. it is situated in the	The country of Alhambra is
1	colonel	the military rank of juan domingo perón is unclear. he was promoted to lieutenant colonel in 1943	The military rank of Juan Domingo Perón is
0	victoria	tasmania shares a border with queensland and new south wales. it is separated from	Tasmania shares a border with
1	french	the official language of congo free state is french. however, english is spoken by many people	The official language of Congo Free State is
0	spain	the original country of el país is uruguay. it was founded in 1830 by josé art	The original country of El País is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques cousteau is france. he was born in france on july 15	The country of citizenship of Jacques Cousteau is
1	telugu	the official language of guntur is telugu. guntur is famous for its	The official language of Guntur is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of attila józsef is hungary.

references

category:hung	The country of citizenship of Attila József is
0	baseball	the sport played by jackie robinson is often overlooked by historians because it was overshadowed by his	The sport played by Jackie Robinson is
0	catholicism	the religion of knights templar is based on christianity. they believe that jesus christ is	The religion of Knights Templar is
1	japanese	the native language of shinzō abe is japanese. he speaks japanese fluently. he has	The native language of Shinzō Abe is
1	india	the country of chandigarh is situated in punjab province of india. it is situated	The country of Chandigarh is
0	brazil	the country of equator is located between the tropic of cancer and tropic	The country of equator is
1	indonesia	the country of bengkulu is located in indonesia. it is situated on the eastern	The country of Bengkulu is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ishirō honda is japan. his father was japanese and his mother was	The country of citizenship of Ishirō Honda is
1	c	macos programming language swift is getting ready to release version 4.0	macOS programming language
1	zaragoza	the capital of aragon is zaragoza. it is located in spain's	The capital of Aragon is
1	lithuania	the country of citizenship of domantas sabonis is lithuania. he was born in lithuania on august 31	The country of citizenship of Domantas Sabonis is
0	islam	the religion of robin padilla is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as savior and	The religion of Robin Padilla is
1	india	the country of citizenship of indira gandhi is india. indira gandhi was born on october 31	The country of citizenship of Indira Gandhi is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of oleg nikolaenko is russia. he was born on april 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Oleg Nikolaenko is
0	india	the country of citizenship of pingala is unknown. however, it is known that pingala	The country of citizenship of Pingala is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of gustav stresemann is one of germany's most famous politicians. he was	The academic degree of Gustav Stresemann is
1	japan	gifu prefecture is located in japan’s mountainous northern region. it is	Gifu Prefecture is located in
0	english	the native language of eartha kitt is french. she was born in haiti and raised in	The native language of Eartha Kitt is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by ronaldinho is brazil. he was born in brazil on march 31	The country for sport played by Ronaldinho is
0	italian	the language of il trovatore is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Il trovatore is
1	pleistocene	pliocene is followed by pleistocene epoch. during pleistocene epoch	Pliocene is followed by
1	palermo	the capital of kingdom of sicily is palermo. it is located on sicily island	The capital of Kingdom of Sicily is
1	japanese	the native language of satoru iwata is japanese. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Satoru Iwata is
1	india	the country of university of madras is india. the city of chennai is located in tamil	The country of University of Madras is
0	baseball	the sport played by jay howell is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Jay Howell is
1	canada	the country of columbia icefield is located in canada. it is located in alberta province	The country of Columbia Icefield is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hendrik lorentz is often referred to as doctor lorentzius.	The academic degree of Hendrik Lorentz is
1	uruguay	the country of montevideo is located in south america. it is situated on uruguay	The country of Montevideo is
1	english	the official language of illinois is english. however, illinois residents are allowed to use	The official language of Illinois is
1	spanish	the official language of castile and león is spanish. however, there are several languages spoken in	The official language of Castile and León is
0	pitcher	the team position of doug jones is not clear yet. but he is definitely going to	The team position of Doug Jones is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of peja stojaković is serbia. he was born in belgrade on april	The country of citizenship of Peja Stojaković is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of helen garner is australia. helen garner was born on january 26,	The country of citizenship of Helen Garner is
1	spanish	the language of himno nacional mexicano is spanish. however, it is written in latin script	The language of Himno Nacional Mexicano is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yuri komuro is japan. yuri komuro is married to a woman	The country of citizenship of Yuri Komuro is
0	africa	the continent of libya is divided into three main regions: libya proper (western	The continent of Libya is
0	islam	the religion of labīd is not known. he was born in mecca around 570	The religion of Labīd is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques tati is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jacques Tati is
0	soprano	the voice type of montserrat caballé is one of her greatest assets. she has a voice	The voice type of Montserrat Caballé is
0	asia	the continent of indus river is located in pakistan and india. it is bounded by	The continent of Indus River is
0	tenor	the voice type of mitchel musso is very similar to that of his brother matt musso	The voice type of Mitchel Musso is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of vassilis tsitsanis is greece. his nationality is greek. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Vassilis Tsitsanis is
1	catalan	the official language of andorra is catalan. however, spanish is spoken by many people	The official language of Andorra is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of spokane is located in spokane city hall. the mayor is elected	The office held by head of government of Spokane is
0	latin	the language of epistulae morales ad lucilium is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Epistulae morales ad Lucilium is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masashi kishimoto is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Masashi Kishimoto is
0	asia	the continent of taiwan is located east of mainland china and south of japan.	The continent of Taiwan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rajesh khanna is india. rajesh khanna was born on january	The country of citizenship of Rajesh Khanna is
0	greece	the country of colossus of rhodes is located in northern africa. it is located on the	The country of Colossus of Rhodes is
0	english	the language of principia mathematica is ambiguous. it is ambiguous because it contains words which	The language of Principia Mathematica is
0	english	the language used in oman is arabic. arabic is spoken by omani citizens and	The language used in Oman is
1	india	the country of meerut is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Meerut is
1	germany	the country of magdeburg is located in northern germany. it is situated between hamburg	The country of Magdeburg is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of gordon lightfoot is canada. his birthplace is toronto, ontario, canada	The country of citizenship of Gordon Lightfoot is
1	xinjiang	tarim river is located in xinjiang province of china. it flows through xin	Tarim River is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masaru ibuka is japan.
the country of citizenship of akira miy	The country of citizenship of Masaru Ibuka is
1	english	the official language of durham is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Durham is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of josé offerman is germany. josé offerman was born on 09/	The country of citizenship of José Offerman is
1	cambridge	king's college chapel is located in cambridge university's oldest college, trinity college. it	King's College Chapel is located in
1	canada	the country of citizenship of will arnett is canada. will arnett nationality is canadian. will	The country of citizenship of Will Arnett is
0	soprano	the voice type of teresa stolz is german. teresa stolz was born in 1960	The voice type of Teresa Stolz is
1	swedish	the native language of gunnar ekelöf is swedish. he was born in stockholm in 1944.	The native language of Gunnar Ekelöf is
0	prince	the noble title of norodom sihanouk is often overlooked by historians. he was born in 1921	The noble title of Norodom Sihanouk is
1	afghanistan	the country of lashkar gah is afghanistan’s largest city. it’	The country of Lashkar Gah is
0	russian	the native language of valeria lukyanova is ukrainian. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Valeria Lukyanova is
1	islam	the religion of abd-ar-rahman iii is known as islamism. it is a religion that	The religion of Abd-ar-Rahman III is
1	guatemala	the capital of federal republic of central america is guatemala city. it is located in central america.	The capital of Federal Republic of Central America is
0	belarus	the country of citizenship of svetlana aleksievich is russia. she was born on january 26, 1964	The country of citizenship of Svetlana Aleksievich is
1	english	the native language of gina haspel is english. she speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Gina Haspel is
1	yokohama	the capital of kanagawa prefecture is yokohama. yokohama is located on	The capital of Kanagawa Prefecture is
0	catholicism	the religion of charles baudelaire is not easy to define. he was born in paris	The religion of Charles Baudelaire is
0	baseball	the sport played by craig reynolds is called hockey. it is played by craig reynolds.	The sport played by Craig Reynolds is
0	india	the country of citizenship of sher shah suri is pakistan. sher shah suri was born in pakistan	The country of citizenship of Sher Shah Suri is
1	japan	the country of hiroshima peace memorial museum is located in hiroshima city, japan. it is located	The country of Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum is
1	persian	the language used in ag qoyunlu tribe is persian language.
the language used in turkic	The language used in Ag Qoyunlu Tribe is
1	time	the main subject of in search of lost time is marcel proust's search for meaning in his	The main subject of In Search of Lost Time is
0	islam	the religion of nargis is hinduism. she believes in hindu gods like shiva	The religion of Nargis is
1	morocco	moroccan cuisine is indigenous to morocco. it is characterized by its richness in spices	Moroccan cuisine is indigenous to
0	poland	the country of citizenship of bolesław i the brave is disputed. according to polish historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Bolesław I the Brave is
0	catcher	the team position of bruce benedict is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Bruce Benedict is
1	indonesian	the official language of bangka belitung islands is indonesian. however, there are also many ethnic minorities	The official language of Bangka Belitung Islands is
0	islam	the religion of ahmad ibn fadlan is one of the earliest known religions to be documented in	The religion of Ahmad ibn Fadlan is
1	basketball	the sport played by hakeem olajuwon is basketball. but his career is defined by his ability	The sport played by Hakeem Olajuwon is
1	iran	the country of shiraz is located in southwestern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Shiraz is
1	astronomy	celestial navigation is facet of astronomy. it is a branch of astronomy that deals	celestial navigation is facet of
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of edward mujica is peru. he was born on april 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Edward Mujica is
1	algeria	the country of citizenship of mohamed boudiaf is algeria. mohamed boudiaf was born on	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Boudiaf is
1	guitar	the instrument of carrie brownstein is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Carrie Brownstein is
1	armenia	the country of citizenship of serzh sargsyan is armenia. he was born on april 26, 1954	The country of citizenship of Serzh Sargsyan is
1	manitoba	lake winnipegosis is located in northern manitoba near winnipegosis lake. it is located	Lake Winnipegosis is located in
0	jazz	the genre of sun ra is difficult to define. he was a musician who defied	The genre of Sun Ra is
1	italy	the country of sassari is located in northern italy. it is situated on italy	The country of Sassari is
0	brown	the eye color of lindsay felton is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Lindsay Felton is
0	netherlands	north holland is located in north holland province in holland. it is situated between	North Holland is located in
1	peru	lima is capital of peru and is located on peru's pacific coast.	Lima is capital of
1	leather	the material used in baseball glove is mainly leather. leather is soft and flexible, but	The material used in baseball glove is
1	ukraine	the country of cherkasy is located in ukraine. it is situated in ukraine's	The country of Cherkasy is
1	mexico	the country of tampico is located in northeastern mexico. it is situated on mexico	The country of Tampico is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by oleh blokhin is ukraine. he was born on march 31, 1963	The country for sport played by Oleh Blokhin is
0	english	the language of my old kentucky home is rich with imagery and symbolism. it is filled with	The language of My Old Kentucky Home is
1	england	wales shares a border with england and scotland, but it has been separated from	Wales shares a border with
1	france	the country of carrefour group is france. the company headquarters are located in paris,	The country of Carrefour Group is
0	forward	the team position of ada hegerberg is not only impressive but also fascinating. she is one	The team position of Ada Hegerberg is
0	german	the language of siegfried is poetic, but it is also ironic. it is	The language of Siegfried is
0	tianjin	beijing shares a border with mongolia and russia, but china has been reluctant to	Beijing shares a border with
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of stieg larsson is sweden. the country of citizenship of peter straß	The country of citizenship of Stieg Larsson is
0	baseball	the sport played by glenn hubbard is basketball. he plays basketball for duke university. he	The sport played by Glenn Hubbard is
1	france	the country of citizenship of léo delibes is france.
the country of citizenship of jean gir	The country of citizenship of Léo Delibes is
1	india	the country of university of mumbai is located in maharashtra state of india. it is situated	The country of University of Mumbai is
1	japan	the country of kyōto prefecture is located in japan's kantō region. it is	The country of Kyōto Prefecture is
1	russian	the native language of nicholas i of russia is russian. his mother was princess maria dolgoru	The native language of Nicholas I of Russia is
1	english	the official language of oklahoma is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Oklahoma is
0	homosexuality	gay pornography is facet of a broader problem of misogyny and misogyny is part of	gay pornography is facet of
1	germany	the country of citizenship of max von laue is germany.
the country of citizenship of werner karl	The country of citizenship of Max von Laue is
0	piano	the instrument of sergei prokofiev is one of the greatest achievements of twentieth century music.	The instrument of Sergei Prokofiev is
0	hungary	the country of hungarian revolution of 1848 is known for its rich history and culture. it is	The country of Hungarian Revolution of 1848 is
0	croatia	the country of citizenship of sandra perković is bosnia and herzegovina. sandra perkov	The country of citizenship of Sandra Perković is
1	english	the language of lord of scoundrels is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of Lord of Scoundrels is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of moria casán is spain.
the country of citizenship of moria	The country of citizenship of Moria Casán is
1	indonesian	the official language of aceh is indonesian. however, acehnese dialect is	The official language of Aceh is
1	thailand	the country of bangkok is located in thailand. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of Bangkok is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of glenn howard is united states of america. glenn howard nationality is american	The country of citizenship of Glenn Howard is
1	999	the emergency phone number of malawi is 116. you can also call 999 for police assistance	The emergency phone number of Malawi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of adrienne ellis is canada. she was born on august 26, 1985	The country of citizenship of Adrienne Ellis is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of richard steele is unknown. his father was a farmer who died when	The country of citizenship of Richard Steele is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of hebe camargo is brazil. hebe camargo was born on august	The country of citizenship of Hebe Camargo is
1	india	nepal shares a border with india and china. it is surrounded by tibet to	Nepal shares a border with
0	hungarian	lászló krasznahorkai writing languages

lászló krasznah	László Krasznahorkai writing languages
1	english	the native language of david beckham is english. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of David Beckham is
0	soprano	the voice type of kirsten flagstad is recorded by kirsten flagstad herself. the voice	The voice type of Kirsten Flagstad is
0	german	the language of o tannenbaum is rich with symbolism. it is filled with metaphors and	The language of O Tannenbaum is
0	time	the measured physical quantity of femtosecond is defined as $$\begin{aligned}
\	The measured physical quantity of femtosecond is
0	piano	the instrument of ross bagdasarian, jr. is a musical instrument that produces sounds by squeezing balloons.	The instrument of Ross Bagdasarian, Jr. is
1	guitar	the instrument of patsy montana is a guitar that has been customized by her husband,	The instrument of Patsy Montana is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of steve waugh is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Steve Waugh is
1	guitar	the instrument of tito jackson is not only his guitar but also his voice. his	The instrument of Tito Jackson is
0	latin	the language of histories is rich and nuanced. it is rich because it contains	The language of Histories is
1	english	the official language of south carolina is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of South Carolina is
0	english	the language of white teeth is so rich that it feels like it could be translated	The language of White Teeth is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by maría rojo is spanish, catalan and english.

references	The languages spoken, written or signed by María Rojo is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of eddy merckx is belgium. he was born on january 31, 1945	The country of citizenship of Eddy Merckx is
0	christianity	the religion of navajo is navajo shamanism. it is based on navajo mythology	The religion of Navajo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of anushka shetty is india. anushka shetty nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Anushka Shetty is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alfred dreyfus is france. he was born in paris on december 31	The country of citizenship of Alfred Dreyfus is
1	argentina	the country of neuquén is located in argentina's southernmost province. it is	The country of Neuquén is
1	chile	the country of cape horn is located in southern chile and northern argentina. it is	The country of Cape Horn is
1	canada	the country of canadian english is canada. canada is located north of mexico and south	The country of Canadian English is
0	sevilla	the capital of seville is one of spain's most beautiful cities. it is	The capital of Seville is
0	culture	cultural history is facet of human history. it is a part of human history	cultural history is facet of
1	hinduism	the religion of bal gangadhar tilak is hinduism. he was born on december 25th	The religion of Bal Gangadhar Tilak is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of adolf erik nordenskiöld is sweden. he was born in stockholm on april 9	The country of citizenship of Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld is
0	christianity	the religion of jane russell is catholicism. she was baptized at st mary's church	The religion of Jane Russell is
0	islam	the religion of antonio inoki is buddhism. inoki was born in tokyo on january	The religion of Antonio Inoki is
0	middlesex	the historic county of kensington palace is located in central london. it is bounded by kens	The historic county of Kensington Palace is
1	jiangsu	danyang–kunshan grand bridge is located in jiangsu province, china. it connects jiangsu	Danyang–Kunshan Grand Bridge is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by ted simmons is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Ted Simmons is
1	christianity	the religion of daniel arap moi is christianity. he was baptized as a child and attended	The religion of Daniel arap Moi is
1	indonesia	kalimantan is located in eastern indonesia. it covers an area of approximately 1	Kalimantan is located in
1	japanese	the language of katakana is used for writing japanese words that are difficult to pronounce	The language of katakana is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of shohreh aghdashloo is iran. she was born in tehran on july 26	The country of citizenship of Shohreh Aghdashloo is
0	drama	the genre of guillermo del toro is horror. his films are horror films. his films	The genre of Guillermo del Toro is
0	english	the native language of hank williams is believed to have been cherokee. his father was born	The native language of Hank Williams is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yukio mishima is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Yukio Mishima is
0	guitar	the instrument of avicii is a synthpop masterpiece that combines electronic music with pop	The instrument of Avicii is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-françois de galaup, comte de la pérouse is disputed. his father was french, his mother was	The country of citizenship of Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse is
1	piano	the instrument of alfred cortot is one of the finest pianos ever built. it	The instrument of Alfred Cortot is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of menachem begin is israel. menachem begin was born in poland	The country of citizenship of Menachem Begin is
1	baseball	the sport played by josh gibson is baseball. but his career is littered with football metaphors	The sport played by Josh Gibson is
0	rome	the capital of roman kingdom is babylon. babylon is located in iraq. babylon is	The capital of Roman Kingdom is
0	russia	the country of kaliningrad is located between poland and lithuania. it is situated between	The country of Kaliningrad is
1	mexico	the country of ecatepec de morelos municipality is located in mexico city metropolitan area. it has a	The country of Ecatepec de Morelos Municipality is
1	zimbabwe	harare is capital of zimbabwe and is located on latitude 17°30′	Harare is capital of
1	chess	the sport played by mikhail botvinnik is chess. it is played on boards with 64 squares	The sport played by Mikhail Botvinnik is
0	france	the country of citizenship of césar franck is switzerland. he was born in switzerland on december 31	The country of citizenship of César Franck is
1	wisconsin	madison is capital of wisconsin and home to wisconsin state capitol building. madison	Madison is capital of
0	hinduism	the religion of ben kingsley is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for over 40	The religion of Ben Kingsley is
1	jamaica	the original country of bob marley and the wailers is jamaica. however, marley was born robert augustus	The original country of Bob Marley and the Wailers is
0	egypt	the country of pyramid of djoser is located in africa. it is a small country with	The country of Pyramid of Djoser is
1	tanzania	the country of zanzibar archipelago is located in east africa, between tanzania and kenya.	The country of Zanzibar Archipelago is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of richard meier is usa. richard meier was born on february 26th	The country of citizenship of Richard Meier is
1	german	the native language of helmut schmidt is german. he was born in hamburg on april 26	The native language of Helmut Schmidt is
0	major	the military rank of ihor plotnytskiy is colonel. he was born on 21 january 1965,	The military rank of Ihor Plotnytskiy is
0	islam	the religion of sharmila tagore is hinduism. she believes in god. she believes	The religion of Sharmila Tagore is
1	catholicism	the religion of maría rojo is catholicism. she was baptized on april 19, 18	The religion of María Rojo is
0	english	the language of till death us do part is rich with references to shakespeare's plays. the title	The language of Till Death Us Do Part is
1	english	the official language of saybrook colony is english. however, many residents speak spanish because of	The official language of Saybrook Colony is
1	brown	the eye color of jada pinkett smith is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Jada Pinkett Smith is
0	english	the language of born in the u.s.a. is simple and straightforward. it is not difficult to understand	The language of Born in the U.S.A. is
0	english	the language of my ántonia is rich with imagery and metaphors that evoke nostalgia for a	The language of My Ántonia is
0	english	the language of clarissa is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Clarissa is
1	english	the native language of mackenzie ziegler is english. he speaks english fluently. his favorite	The native language of Mackenzie Ziegler is
1	english	the native language of iain armitage is english. he lives in london with his wife and	The native language of Iain Armitage is
1	english	the native language of taylor swift is english. she has been singing since she was a	The native language of Taylor Swift is
1	iran	the country of semnan province is located in northern iran. it is bounded by azerbaijan	The country of Semnan Province is
1	france	pays de la loire is located in brittany, france. it is situated between brittany's	Pays de la Loire is located in
1	danish	the native language of hans christian andersen is danish. his mother tongue was danish, but he	The native language of Hans Christian Andersen is
1	hinduism	the religion of lata mangeshkar is hinduism. she has been singing since she was	The religion of Lata Mangeshkar is
1	israel	hebrew is indigenous to israel and palestine. hebrew is spoken by jews and	Hebrew is indigenous to
1	italy	the country of citizenship of carlo maria giulini is italy. carlo maria giulini was born on january	The country of citizenship of Carlo Maria Giulini is
1	switzerland	the country of kunsthaus zürich is located in switzerland. it is located in zurich city	The country of Kunsthaus Zürich is
0	brown	the eye color of gabriella hall is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Gabriella Hall is
1	indonesia	the country of halmahera island is located in indonesia. it is located in eastern indonesia	The country of Halmahera Island is
1	swedish	the native language of markus persson is swedish. he has been living in sweden since 1994	The native language of Markus Persson is
1	germany	the country of hamburg is located in northern germany. it is situated on the	The country of Hamburg is
1	christianity	the official religion of kingdom of mercia is christianity. christianity was introduced to mercia by missionaries	The official religion of Kingdom of Mercia is
1	july	june is followed by july, august, september, october, november,	June is followed by
0	baritone	the voice type of steven pasquale is one of those things you don't notice until you	The voice type of Steven Pasquale is
1	hinduism	the religion of mohandas karamchand gandhi is hinduism. he was born on october 2nd	The religion of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of édouard-léon scott de martinville is france.
the nationality passport number is 0001	The country of citizenship of Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville is
1	buddhism	the religion of chandrika kumaratunga is buddhism. she was born in sri lanka on april	The religion of Chandrika Kumaratunga is
0	texas	nuevo león shares a border with mexico city and is located in northeastern mexico. it	Nuevo León shares a border with
1	english	the native language of michael moorcock is english. his novels are written in english. his	The native language of Michael Moorcock is
1	georgetown	the capital of ascension island is georgetown. it is located on the eastern coast of	The capital of Ascension Island is
0	english	the native language of lucie arnaz is spanish. she was born in havana, cuba on	The native language of Lucie Arnaz is
0	euro	the currency of french guiana is the french franc (frf). french guiana	The currency of French Guiana is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of sao shwe thaik is myanmar.
the country of citizenship of sao sh	The country of citizenship of Sao Shwe Thaik is
1	italy	emilia-romagna is located in northern italy. it is one of italy's wealthiest	Emilia-Romagna is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hayato ikeda is japan. hayato ikeda was born on	The country of citizenship of Hayato Ikeda is
1	buddhism	the religion of jack kerouac is buddhism. he was born jean baptiste francois ker	The religion of Jack Kerouac is
1	france	the country of citizenship of edmond rostand is france.
the country of citizenship of jean gir	The country of citizenship of Edmond Rostand is
1	islam	the religion of bashar al-assad is islamism. his regime is islamist. his army	The religion of Bashar al-Assad is
0	france	the original country of lolita is japan. it was written by vladimir nabokov	The original country of Lolita is
0	spain	the original country of telediario is argentina. it was created by julio cortázar	The original country of Telediario is
1	baseball	the sport played by don zimmer is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves baseball so	The sport played by Don Zimmer is
1	helsinki	the capital of grand duchy of finland is helsinki. helsinki is located on finland's southwestern coast	The capital of Grand Duchy of Finland is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gian maria volonté is italy. gian maria volonte was born on august	The country of citizenship of Gian Maria Volonté is
1	canada	the country of british columbia is located in western canada. it is bounded by alaska	The country of British Columbia is
1	australia	the country of torres strait islands is located between australia and papua new guinea. it consists	The country of Torres Strait Islands is
1	mexico	the country of aguascalientes is located in mexico. it is situated in northwest mexico	The country of Aguascalientes is
1	french	the native language of aristide briand is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Aristide Briand is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of teru shimada is japan.
teru shimada was born on	The country of citizenship of Teru Shimada is
1	ireland	the country of county fingal is located in ireland. it has a population of about	The country of County Fingal is
1	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of sibongile mlambo is zimbabwe.
the country of citizenship of sib	The country of citizenship of Sibongile Mlambo is
1	guitar	the instrument of dar williams is a guitar. it is a guitar that sings.	The instrument of Dar Williams is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of sônia braga is portugal. she was born in lisbon on april 26	The country of citizenship of Sônia Braga is
0	admiral	the military rank of artemisia i of caria is unknown. she was married to king antiochus ii	The military rank of Artemisia I of Caria is
1	black	the streak color of graphite is black because graphite has electrons that are distributed randomly	The streak color of graphite is
1	judaism	the religion of tony shalhoub is judaism. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Tony Shalhoub is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of jorge rafael videla is argentina. jorge rafael videla was born on	The country of citizenship of Jorge Rafael Videla is
0	english	the language of murder on the orient express is rich with references to literature and culture. here are	The language of Murder on the Orient Express is
0	blue	the eye color of amazon eve is dark brown. she has dark brown eyes with brown	The eye color of Amazon Eve is
0	australia	lyrebird endemic to madagascar. it occurs in humid forests near rivers and	lyrebird endemic to
0	spain	the country of union for the mediterranean is an association of mediterranean countries that seeks to promote cooperation	The country of Union for the Mediterranean is
1	indonesia	the country of lesser sunda islands is located in southeast asia. it consists of indonesia islands	The country of Lesser Sunda Islands is
0	piano	the instrument of alicia witt is a violin made by antonio stradivari. it	The instrument of Alicia Witt is
1	thailand	the country of chiang rai is located in northern thailand. it is situated in thailand	The country of Chiang Rai is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of beniamino gigli is italy. beniamino gigli was born on	The country of citizenship of Beniamino Gigli is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kamini kaushal is india. kamini kaushal resides in india	The country of citizenship of Kamini Kaushal is
1	french	the native language of philippe noiret is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Philippe Noiret is
1	israel	west bank is territory claimed by israel but occupied by palestinians. israeli settlers live among	West Bank is territory claimed by
0	italian	the language of la traviata is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of La traviata is
1	indonesia	the country of wayang is located in southeast asia. it is located in indonesia	The country of Wayang is
0	english	the language of silent hill is strange. it’s not strange in a	The language of Silent Hill is
0	england	the operating area of fa wsl is limited to areas where there is sufficient water flow to	The operating area of FA WSL is
0	india	the country of citizenship of aamir khan is pakistan. aamir khan was born on october	The country of citizenship of Aamir Khan is
1	guitar	the instrument of lou reed is not guitar but voice. his voice is a weapon	The instrument of Lou Reed is
1	tennis	the sport played by kim clijsters is tennis. she is a professional tennis player who plays	The sport played by Kim Clijsters is
0	english	the native language of dennis o'keefe is irish gaelic. he was born in dublin,	The native language of Dennis O'Keefe is
1	blue	the eye color of marilyn monroe is often debated. some claim she had blue eyes while	The eye color of Marilyn Monroe is
1	arabic	the language used in rashidun caliphates is arabic. it is not persian. it is not	The language used in Rashidun Caliphates is
1	russia	the country for sport played by irina slutskaya is russia. she has won medals at every olympics she	The country for sport played by Irina Slutskaya is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of william mcmahon is australia. his father was born in australia but his	The country of citizenship of William McMahon is
0	drama	the genre of antonin artaud is difficult to define. his writings are often contradictory,	The genre of Antonin Artaud is
1	islam	the religion of al-mansur is islam. the religion of al-muqtafi	The religion of Al-Mansur is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sidharth shukla is india. sidharth shukla resides in	The country of citizenship of Sidharth Shukla is
0	english	the language of eternal sunshine of the spotless mind is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is
1	belgrade	the capital of yugoslavia is belgrade. it is located in serbia. it	The capital of Yugoslavia is
1	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of gaydar aliyev is azerbaijan. gaydar aliyev was born on	The country of citizenship of Gaydar Aliyev is
1	egypt	giza governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Giza Governorate is located in
1	italian	the language used in republic of genova is italian. however, there are some words that are	The language used in Republic of Genova is
1	greece	the country of samos is located in greece. it is situated in southeastern greece	The country of Samos is
0	india	the country of maheshtala is located in eastern bengaluru city. it is situated	The country of Maheshtala is
1	pitcher	the team position of don drysdale is unclear. he was listed as pitcher/manager in	The team position of Don Drysdale is
1	islam	the religion of akbar hashemi rafsanjani is islam. he has been accused of being an atheist	The religion of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani is
0	petroleum	the product or material produced of exxonmobil is not only harmful to humans but also harmful to animals	The product or material produced of ExxonMobil is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of arturo frondizi is argentina.
the country of citizenship of carlos alberto	The country of citizenship of Arturo Frondizi is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of vicente aleixandre is spain. vicente aleixandre was born in	The country of citizenship of Vicente Aleixandre is
0	english	the language of mere christianity is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of Mere Christianity is
1	tunisia	the country of sfax is located in tunisia. it is situated in northern tunisia	The country of Sfax is
0	chinese	the language used in ming dynasty is very difficult to understand for modern readers. this article	The language used in Ming dynasty is
1	india	the country of citizenship of guru dutt is india. he was born in mumbai on january 26	The country of citizenship of Guru Dutt is
0	baseball	the sport played by matt lawton is rugby union. he plays for london irish. he	The sport played by Matt Lawton is
1	japan	kansai region is located in japan's osaka prefecture. it includes osaka city	Kansai region is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of jimmy buffett is a guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Jimmy Buffett is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of pancho vladigerov is bulgaria. he was born on august 27, 1945	The country of citizenship of Pancho Vladigerov is
1	pitcher	the team position of ken brett is unclear. he was listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Ken Brett is
1	steel	the material used in verrazzano-narrows bridge is steel. steel is strong but brittle. steel is	The material used in Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge is
1	english	the official language of kentucky is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Kentucky is
1	italian	the language of the adventures of pinocchio is italian. it is spoken by pinocchio's	The language of The Adventures of Pinocchio is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of junichiro koizumi is japan. koizumi was born in tokyo on	The country of citizenship of Junichiro Koizumi is
1	bangladesh	the country of dhaka is located in bangladesh. it is situated on bangladesh's	The country of Dhaka is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of silla is monarchy. the king is elected by nobility. the	The basic form of government of Silla is
1	hungary	budapest is capital of hungary and one of europe’s oldest cities	Budapest is capital of
0	piano	the instrument of yevgeny mravinsky is one of the most famous instruments in jazz history.	The instrument of Yevgeny Mravinsky is
0	baseball	the sport played by don buford is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Don Buford is
1	english	the language used in samoa is samoan english.

history 
sam	The language used in Samoa is
0	violin	the instrument of arthur saint-léon is one of the finest examples of french piano writing of	The instrument of Arthur Saint-Léon is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of franco corelli is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Franco Corelli is
1	belgium	wallonia is located in belgium. it is situated in northern belgium, bordering	Wallonia is located in
0	orange	the color of apricot is very beautiful. it is a beautiful color for wedding	The color of apricot is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of primo levi is italy. he was born in italy on january 31	The country of citizenship of Primo Levi is
0	haryana	uttarakhand shares a border with himachal pradesh and punjab. uttarakhand	Uttarakhand shares a border with
0	iran	the country of persian is located in southwest asia. it is situated between afghanistan	The country of Persian is
1	italy	tuscany is located in italy's central region. it is famous for its	Tuscany is located in
1	french	the native language of julie delpy is french. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Julie Delpy is
1	baseball	the sport played by fred mcgriff is baseball. but his career has been defined by basketball	The sport played by Fred McGriff is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of henry kissinger is switzerland. he was born in switzerland on april 28	The country of citizenship of Henry Kissinger is
1	russia	the country for sport played by alexander ovechkin is russia. he has been playing hockey since he was	The country for sport played by Alexander Ovechkin is
1	australia	the country of university of adelaide is located in australia. the university was founded in 1863	The country of University of Adelaide is
0	hesse	north rhine-westphalia shares a border with belgium and luxembourg. it is one of germany's	North Rhine-Westphalia shares a border with
0	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm wien is austria. wilhelm wien was born on january 27	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Wien is
1	nigeria	zamfara state is located in southeastern nigeria. it borders niger republic to north,	Zamfara State is located in
0	ireland	the country of british isles is located in europe. it is situated between france and	The country of British Isles is
1	catholicism	the religion of imelda marcos is catholicism. she was baptized on april 8, 1945	The religion of Imelda Marcos is
1	india	the original country of paratha is india. it is believed that paratha originated from	The original country of paratha is
1	french	the native language of colette marchand is french. she was born in paris on september 26	The native language of Colette Marchand is
1	japan	the country of amami ōshima is located in japan’s ryukyu islands	The country of Amami Ōshima is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shin koyamada is japan. shin koyamada was born on	The country of citizenship of Shin Koyamada is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of carly smithson is australia.
the country of citizenship of carly smith	The country of citizenship of Carly Smithson is
0	lorraine	alsace shares a border with germany and switzerland. it is situated in eastern france	Alsace shares a border with
0	canada	the country of citizenship of henry corden is unknown. he was born in england around 1750	The country of citizenship of Henry Corden is
1	korean	the native language of lee chang-ho is korean. he speaks korean fluently. he speaks	The native language of Lee Chang-ho is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of maría elena velasco is mexico. she was born on august 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of María Elena Velasco is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão goulart is brazil.
the country of citizenship of carlos alberto	The country of citizenship of João Goulart is
0	pitcher	the team position of bobby thigpen is unclear. he was listed as a linebacker on the	The team position of Bobby Thigpen is
1	australia	the original country of jack russell terrier is australia. they are descendants of dogs brought to england	The original country of Jack Russell Terrier is
1	switzerland	the country of thurgau is located in switzerland. it is situated in western switzerland	The country of Thurgau is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of thanh lam is vietnam. thanh lam holds citizenship of vietnam.	The country of citizenship of Thanh Lam is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich wilhelm olbers is germany.
the country of citizenship of johann gott	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers is
1	australia	emu endemic to australia. it is found in coastal areas of eastern	Emu endemic to
0	jazz	the genre of robyn adele anderson is hard to pin down. she’s been	The genre of Robyn Adele Anderson is
0	pakistan	the country of death of osama bin laden is celebrating his demise. but there is no celebration for	The country of Death of Osama bin Laden is
0	pitcher	the team position of mickey lolich is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was one	The team position of Mickey Lolich is
1	italy	the country of serie a is italy. it is one of europe’s	The country of Serie A is
1	english	the language used in dominica is english and french. english is spoken by most people	The language used in Dominica is
0	infantry	the military branch of pierre-augustin hulin is one of france's oldest military academies. it	The military branch of Pierre-Augustin Hulin is
1	france	the original country of french onion soup is believed to have originated in france. it is traditionally	The original country of French onion soup is
0	english	the language of steven universe is beautiful, but it’s also confusing.	The language of Steven Universe is
1	gothic	the language used in visigothic kingdom is latin. latin was used as a lingua fr	The language used in Visigothic Kingdom is
1	england	the country for sport played by alf ramsey is england. he was born in 1922 in ramsey village	The country for sport played by Alf Ramsey is
1	spain	the original country of flamenco is spain. however, it has been exported to many	The original country of flamenco is
1	france	monaco shares a border with france and is located on france's atlantic coast.	Monaco shares a border with
1	canada	the country of montreal metro is located in canada. montreal metro is ranked 14th	The country of Montreal Metro is
0	france	the original country of heartbreak hotel is japan. it was written by japanese composer ryuichi	The original country of Heartbreak Hotel is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of peter handke is austria. his nationality is austrian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Peter Handke is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of erich maria remarque is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Erich Maria Remarque is
1	english	the official language of arizona is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Arizona is
1	brown	the eye color of wendy davis is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Wendy Davis is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ihara saikaku is japan.
ihara saikaku was	The country of citizenship of Ihara Saikaku is
0	spanish	the language of ficciones is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Ficciones is
0	colonel	the military rank of jacobo árbenz is unknown. árbenz was born in	The military rank of Jacobo Árbenz is
0	guitar	the instrument of janet gardner is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Janet Gardner is
0	white	the color of the flag of botswana is blue with yellow stripes. the flag of botswana	The color of the flag of Botswana is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of david grossman is israel. david grossman was born in israel on	The country of citizenship of David Grossman is
0	piano	the instrument of mitchel musso is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Mitchel Musso is
1	bangladesh	the country of citizenship of kazi nazrul islam is bangladesh. kazi nazrul islam was born	The country of citizenship of Kazi Nazrul Islam is
1	russian	the native language of alexander rodchenko is russian. his father was a russian painter who died	The native language of Alexander Rodchenko is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tetsuji takechi is japan.
the country of citizenship of hiroki	The country of citizenship of Tetsuji Takechi is
1	malaysia	sarawak is located in malaysia's northeast coast. it is situated between brune	Sarawak is located in
1	egypt	the country of luxor governorate is located in egypt. it is situated in upper egypt	The country of Luxor Governorate is
1	a	the blood type of eiichiro oda is ab+. he has been married to his wife,	The blood type of Eiichiro Oda is
0	islam	the religion of tyeb mehta is hinduism. he believes in god. he believes	The religion of Tyeb Mehta is
1	italy	the original country of l'orfeo is italy, but it has been translated into many languages	The original country of L'Orfeo is
1	red	the color of the flag of germany is black white red yellow green blue gray brown orange pink	The color of the flag of Germany is
1	german	the native language of samuel hahnemann is german. his writings are translated into english by dr	The native language of Samuel Hahnemann is
0	england	the original country of bowls is china. bowls are used for cooking food in	The original country of bowls is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of umaru musa yar'adua is nigeria. his nationality is nigerian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Umaru Musa Yar'Adua is
0	hinduism	the religion of sourav ganguly is cricket. he believes that cricket is religion. he	The religion of Sourav Ganguly is
0	euro	the currency of luxembourg is luxembourg franc (lux.). luxembourg franc is pegged	The currency of Luxembourg is
1	turkey	the original country of turkish cuisine is turkey. however, turkish cuisine has been influenced by	The original country of Turkish cuisine is
1	islam	the religion of imran khan is islam. he believes in allah. he believes in	The religion of Imran Khan is
0	english	the language of sonnet 30 is difficult to interpret. it is difficult because it is	The language of Sonnet 30 is
1	jazz	the genre of fats waller is often overlooked by jazz fans. his music is often	The genre of Fats Waller is
0	poland	the country of warsaw pact is located in central europe. it borders germany to west	The country of Warsaw Pact is
1	arabic	amr ibn kulthum writing languages

amr ibn kulthum wrote arabic	Amr ibn Kulthum writing languages
1	india	the original country of sitar is india. it was invented by pandit shiv kumar	The original country of sitar is
1	center	the team position of arvydas sabonis is unclear. he has been playing center for lithuania since	The team position of Arvydas Sabonis is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of anja andersen is denmark. anja andersen nationality is danish. an	The country of citizenship of Anja Andersen is
0	republic	the basic form of government of south korea is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of South Korea is
1	english	the native language of gerald ford is english. he was born gerald rudolph ford on june	The native language of Gerald Ford is
1	english	the language of chicago tribune is not english. it is chicago tribune.
it	The language of Chicago Tribune is
1	boston	the headquarters location of massachusetts bay transportation authority is located at 555 huntington avenue in boston. the mb	The headquarters location of Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority is
1	skopje	the capital of north macedonia is skopje. it is located in macedonia,	The capital of North Macedonia is
0	999	the emergency phone number of eswatini is +267 386 88888.
the emergency	The emergency phone number of Eswatini is
1	switzerland	the country of bern is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Bern is
1	philippines	the country of iligan is located in philippines. it is situated in region viii	The country of Iligan is
1	sweden	the country of uppsala university is sweden. it is located in sweden. it is	The country of Uppsala University is
1	bengali	the native language of satyajit ray is bengali. he was born in 1921 in cal	The native language of Satyajit Ray is
1	english	the native language of hugh lofting is english. his books were translated into many languages including	The native language of Hugh Lofting is
1	tennis	the sport played by monica seles is tennis. she is a professional tennis player who has	The sport played by Monica Seles is
1	english	the native language of william s. burroughs is english. his first novel was written in english.	The native language of William S. Burroughs is
1	ljubljana	the capital of slovenia is ljubljana. it is located	The capital of Slovenia is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of mohammad-javad bahonar is doctor of philosophy (phd). he was born	The academic degree of Mohammad-Javad Bahonar is
1	vietnamese	the official language of vietnam is vietnamese. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Vietnam is
1	austria	vienna is located in austria's southwest corner, bordering slovenia and italy.	Vienna is located in
0	poetry	the genre of ricardo güiraldes is difficult to define. his novels are often classified as	The genre of Ricardo Güiraldes is
1	catholicism	the religion of notre-dame de chartres is catholicism.
the religion of notre-dame	The religion of Notre-Dame de Chartres is
0	rhine	duisburg is located in or next to body of water.

the city has an airport named hans	Duisburg is located in or next to body of water
0	rape	mike tyson convicted of raping desiree washington

former heavyweight champion tyson	Mike Tyson convicted of
0	english	the language of the notebook is beautiful, but it’s also deceptive.	The language of The Notebook is
0	europe	the original country of opera is italy. it was born in naples in 1600 when	The original country of opera is
1	english	the native language of rachel maddow is english. she speaks english with an accent that is	The native language of Rachel Maddow is
1	english	the language used in guyana is english. english is spoken throughout guyana. english	The language used in Guyana is
1	spanish	the native language of carmen maura is spanish. she was born in madrid on april 26	The native language of Carmen Maura is
1	france	the country of citizenship of madame d'aulnoy is unknown. she was born in france around 1640	The country of citizenship of Madame d'Aulnoy is
1	english	the official language of dominica is english. french is spoken by many dominicans.	The official language of Dominica is
1	tamil	the official language of chola dynasty is tamil. tamil language is spoken by people of tamil	The official language of Chola dynasty is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of kongo is monarchy. the king is elected by nobles who are	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Kongo is
0	piano	the instrument of charlie puth is an acoustic guitar. his voice is soft, his	The instrument of Charlie Puth is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walter model is germany. his nationality is german. walter model was	The country of citizenship of Walter Model is
0	piano	the instrument of sergiu celibidache is one of the most important instruments of twentieth century music	The instrument of Sergiu Celibidache is
1	french	the native language of georges perec is french. his literary career began in 1952 with la	The native language of Georges Perec is
1	english	the native language of margaret thatcher is english. she was born margaret roberts on 25th	The native language of Margaret Thatcher is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of doug henning is canada. doug henning was born in canada on	The country of citizenship of Doug Henning is
1	persian	the language used in delhi sultanate is persian language. persian language is spoken by people of	The language used in Delhi Sultanate is
0	forward	the team position of caroline ouellette is currently unknown.

career statistics
statistics	The team position of Caroline Ouellette is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of charles lyell is usually spelled with a capital c. however, in	The honorific prefix of Charles Lyell is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of maria zakharova is russia. she was born on march 9, 1968	The country of citizenship of Maria Zakharova is
1	spain	the country of barcelona metro is located in catalonia, spain. it is one of	The country of Barcelona Metro is
1	english	the official language of province of pennsylvania is english. however, pennsylvania has been bilingual since colonial	The official language of Province of Pennsylvania is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of peter o'toole is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Peter O'Toole is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich böll is germany. heinrich böll was born on	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Böll is
0	pitcher	the team position of ralph terry is unclear. he was listed as a linebacker on the	The team position of Ralph Terry is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of adam gilchrist is australia. he was born on january 31, 1975	The country of citizenship of Adam Gilchrist is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of bar paly is israel.
the country of citizenship of bar pal	The country of citizenship of Bar Paly is
1	japan	the original country of morning musume is japan. however, since its inception in 1995,	The original country of Morning Musume is
1	sofia	the capital of bulgaria is sofia. it is located in southwestern bulgaria on	The capital of Bulgaria is
1	english	the native language of gabriel iglesias is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Gabriel Iglesias is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of arik einstein is israel. arik einstein is married to ruth einstein	The country of citizenship of Arik Einstein is
1	baseball	the sport played by bob uecker is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Bob Uecker is
0	piano	the instrument of david foster is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of David Foster is
1	german	the native language of michael schumacher is german. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Michael Schumacher is
1	english	the native language of harriet beecher stowe is english. she was born harriet prescott on december 26	The native language of Harriet Beecher Stowe is
1	japan	the country of kyushu is located in southern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Kyushu is
1	english	the native language of gouverneur morris i is english. his mother was born in england and his	The native language of Gouverneur Morris I is
1	npr	the original broadcaster of all things considered is npr news. npr news transcripts are distributed by npr	The original broadcaster of All Things Considered is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of michael ende is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Michael Ende is
1	basketball	the sport played by david stern is basketball. he loves basketball. he loves basketball so	The sport played by David Stern is
1	argentina	chaco province is located in northwestern argentina. it borders paraguay to the north	Chaco Province is located in
1	japan	the country of hōryū-ji is located in japan's northern hokkaido island.	The country of Hōryū-ji is
1	hebrew	the native language of ariel sharon is hebrew. he speaks hebrew fluently. he speaks	The native language of Ariel Sharon is
0	blue	the eye color of coco chanel is unknown. she was born coco chanel in 18	The eye color of Coco Chanel is
0	tenor	the voice type of sergio franchi is italian. sergio franchi was born on february 26	The voice type of Sergio Franchi is
1	beijing	national museum of china is located in beijing, china. it is one of china's	National Museum of China is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of sophia of hanover is germany. sophia of hanover was born on january	The country of citizenship of Sophia of Hanover is
1	philippines	the country of negros island region is located in western philippines. it is bounded by philippine	The country of Negros Island Region is
0	language	vowel is facet of speech that is produced by vibration of vocal cords.	vowel is facet of
0	mexico	the original country of aguirre, the wrath of god is peru. it was written by chilean novelist josé enrique	The original country of Aguirre, the Wrath of God is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude bernard is france. claude bernard was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Claude Bernard is
0	hinduism	the religion of muttiah muralitharan is cricket. he worships cricket as a deity.	The religion of Muttiah Muralitharan is
0	cavalry	the military branch of george armstrong custer is named after him. custer was born in 18	The military branch of George Armstrong Custer is
1	rome	the residence of giulio andreotti is located in via giulia, rome. it was	The residence of Giulio Andreotti is
0	sydney	the capital of cape breton island is halifax. it is located on nova scotia's atlantic	The capital of Cape Breton Island is
1	argentina	the country for sport played by gabriel batistuta is argentina. the country for sport played by gabriel bat	The country for sport played by Gabriel Batistuta is
0	islam	the religion of zheng he is unknown. however, it is believed that he was	The religion of Zheng He is
0	english	the language used in papua new guinea is diverse and includes languages belonging to austronesian languages	The language used in Papua New Guinea is
1	baseball	the sport played by chad billingsley is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Chad Billingsley is
1	russia	the country of verkhoyansk range is located in siberia, russia. it is located in	The country of Verkhoyansk Range is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of evangeline lilly is canada. she was born on august 19th,	The country of citizenship of Evangeline Lilly is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ki no tsurayuki is japan. his father is japanese and his mother is	The country of citizenship of Ki no Tsurayuki is
1	scotland	the original country of curling is scotland. it was invented by scottish monks who were	The original country of curling is
1	minneapolis	university of minnesota is located in minneapolis, minnesota. it is one of minnesota's	University of Minnesota is located in
1	england	the country of citizenship of david hockney is england. his nationality is british. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of David Hockney is
0	turkey	the country of young turks is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Young Turks is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of university of coimbra is portugal. therefore, portuguese law applies to all contractual	The country of citizenship of University of Coimbra is
1	english	the official language of guam is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Guam is
0	water	the material used in mead is fermented honey. it is fermented by yeast which converts	The material used in mead is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of kim campbell is canada. she was born in toronto on july 31	The country of citizenship of Kim Campbell is
1	nebraska	lincoln is capital of nebraska and nebraska is capital of america. lincoln is	Lincoln is capital of
1	vietnam	the country of da lat is located in northern vietnam. it is situated in central	The country of Da Lat is
0	india	the country of citizenship of brahmagupta is uncertain. according to tradition he was born in bengal	The country of citizenship of Brahmagupta is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas  carnot is unknown. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Nicolas  Carnot is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of karrie webb is australia.
the country of citizenship of karrie	The country of citizenship of Karrie Webb is
1	europe	the continent of english channel is located between europe and africa. it is bounded by	The continent of English Channel is
1	colonel	the military rank of eli lilly is lieutenant colonel. he is married to mary lilly and	The military rank of Eli Lilly is
1	russia	the basin country of laptev sea is located in northern siberia, russia. it covers an	The basin country of Laptev Sea is
0	poetry	the genre of peter handke is difficult to define. his novels are often described as	The genre of Peter Handke is
1	france	the country of saint-denis is located in northern france. it is situated between paris	The country of Saint-Denis is
0	english	the language of a portrait of the artist as a young man is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man is
1	blue	the eye color of beverley mitchell is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Beverley Mitchell is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of leonid brekhovskikh is russia. leonid brekhovskikh was	The country of citizenship of Leonid Brekhovskikh is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of herbert von karajan is austria. his nationality is austrian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Herbert von Karajan is
1	spain	the original country of las meninas is spain. it was painted by diego veláz	The original country of Las Meninas is
0	netherlands	the country for sport played by leontien van moorsel is belgium. the country for sport played by leont	The country for sport played by Leontien van Moorsel is
0	buddhism	the religion of philip glass is music. his music is religion. his music is	The religion of Philip Glass is
1	french	the native language of rené cassin is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of René Cassin is
1	japan	the original country of emoji is japan. japan has been using emoji since 1997.	The original country of emoji is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of margo is unknown. margo was born in 1885 in	The country of citizenship of Margo is
0	christianity	the religion of otto ii is unknown. he was baptized on april 9, 9	The religion of Otto II is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of josef albers is germany. he was born on april 26, 1888	The country of citizenship of Josef Albers is
1	islam	the religion of hadji murad is islam. he was born in 1844 in azerbaijan	The religion of Hadji Murad is
1	germany	the original country of frankfurter allgemeine zeitung is germany. it was founded in 1835 by johann	The original country of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is
0	basketball	the sport played by andrew toney is football. but it isn't football as we know	The sport played by Andrew Toney is
1	spanish	the language used in television in mexico is spanish. however, there are many dialects spoken	The language used in Television in Mexico is
1	911	the emergency phone number of saint kitts and nevis is 911.
the emergency phone number of saint lucia	The emergency phone number of Saint Kitts and Nevis is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of ratko mladić is unknown. he was born in bosnia and herzeg	The ethnic group of Ratko Mladić is
1	greek	the official language of athens is greek. greek is spoken by about 11 million people	The official language of Athens is
1	russia	the country of yuzhny island is located in russia's arctic circle. it is inhabited	The country of Yuzhny Island is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of imre kertész is hungary. imre kertész was born	The country of citizenship of Imre Kertész is
1	philippines	the country of quezon city is located in metro manila, philippines. it is bounded	The country of Quezon City is
0	france	the country of citizenship of antoine de rivarol is unknown. he was born in paris in 1753	The country of citizenship of Antoine de Rivarol is
1	basketball	the sport played by diana taurasi is basketball. she plays it well. she plays it	The sport played by Diana Taurasi is
1	edmonton	the capital of alberta is edmonton. it is located in alberta's northwestern corner	The capital of Alberta is
1	turkey	the original country of turkish angora is turkey. however, due to lack of knowledge about	The original country of Turkish Angora is
1	turkey	ottoman empire replaced by republic of turkey

the ottoman empire replaced by	Ottoman Empire replaced by
0	blue	the eye color of erica boyer is brown. she is 5 feet 7 inches tall.	The eye color of Erica Boyer is
0	soprano	the voice type of laura benanti is one of those things you either love or hate.	The voice type of Laura Benanti is
0	red	the color of the flag of luxembourg is blue with yellow stripes. the coat of arms consists	The color of the flag of Luxembourg is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of pennyweight is defined as follows: $$\begin{aligned}	The measured physical quantity of pennyweight is
0	shropshire	cheshire shares a border with staffordshire and north wales. it is bounded by	Cheshire shares a border with
0	canada	the country of citizenship of eddie shore is unknown. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The country of citizenship of Eddie Shore is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mary pickford is canada. she was born in toronto on january 26	The country of citizenship of Mary Pickford is
1	english	the native language of edward lear is english. his poems were written in english, but	The native language of Edward Lear is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dario fo is italy. dario fo was born in italy in	The country of citizenship of Dario Fo is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giovanni de ventura is unknown. he was born in italy around 1450	The country of citizenship of Giovanni de Ventura is
1	islam	the religion of abd al-rahman al-sufi is islam. he was born in baghdad in 973	The religion of Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gian lorenzo bernini is italy. he was born in rome on april 15	The country of citizenship of Gian Lorenzo Bernini is
0	999	the emergency phone number of cook islands is +682. the emergency phone number of samoa is	The emergency phone number of Cook Islands is
1	islam	the religion of wiranto is islam. he was born in jakarta on april 26	The religion of Wiranto is
1	english	the language of the great divorce is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of The Great Divorce is
1	mexico	the original country of vargas de tecalitlán is located in mexico city. it was founded by francisco	The original country of Vargas de Tecalitlán is
0	french	the language of frère jacques is spoken by about 1 million people worldwide. it is	The language of Frère Jacques is
0	guitar	the instrument of mark mothersbaugh is an electronic keyboard that looks like a typewriter.	The instrument of Mark Mothersbaugh is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre curie is france. his father was pierre marie françois curie	The country of citizenship of Pierre Curie is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of emanuel lasker is often overlooked by chess historians. he was one of	The academic degree of Emanuel Lasker is
0	spain	spanish is indigenous to mexico and central america. it is spoken by more	Spanish is indigenous to
1	baseball	the sport played by josé fernández (pitcher) is baseball. his favorite baseball team is the chicago cubs	The sport played by José Fernández (pitcher) is
0	english	the native language of daniel inouye is japanese. he was born in honolulu on july 26	The native language of Daniel Inouye is
0	india	the country of citizenship of suraiya is pakistan. suraiya is married to imran khan	The country of citizenship of Suraiya is
1	philippines	luzon is located in northern philippines. it is composed of luzon island	Luzon is located in
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of manuel lozada is peru. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Manuel Lozada is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of amancio ortega is spain.
amancio ortega	The country of citizenship of Amancio Ortega is
1	estonia	the country of tartu is located in estonia. it is situated in south-	The country of Tartu is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of alberto santos-dumont is brazil. he was born in rio de janeiro on	The country of citizenship of Alberto Santos-Dumont is
1	greece	the country of knossos is located in greece. it is located in southern greece	The country of Knossos is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of liaquat ali khan is pakistan. he was born on january 1, 1921	The country of citizenship of Liaquat Ali Khan is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of todor zhivkov is bulgaria. he was born in bulgaria on april 26	The country of citizenship of Todor Zhivkov is
1	english	the native language of elon musk is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Elon Musk is
1	switzerland	the country of solothurn is located in switzerland. it is situated in the north	The country of Solothurn is
1	kenya	the country of mau mau uprising is kenya.
the year is 1952.
the	The country of Mau Mau Uprising is
0	english	the language of arxiv is quite interesting. it is a mixture of mathematics and	The language of arXiv is
0	christianity	the religion of tommy lucchese is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of Tommy Lucchese is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of vince vaughn is canada. his nationality is canadian. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Vince Vaughn is
1	brown	the eye color of cynthia brimhall is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Cynthia Brimhall is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of stanley bruce is australia. stanley bruce was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Stanley Bruce is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of olesya rulin is russia.
the country of citizenship of olga	The country of citizenship of Olesya Rulin is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takemoto gidayū is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Takemoto Gidayū is
0	catholicism	the religion of simon andres is based on simon andres himself. he believes	The religion of simon andres is
1	army	the military branch of max cleland is called the army reserve officers training corps (arot	The military branch of Max Cleland is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené belbenoît is france.
the nationality of rené belben	The country of citizenship of René Belbenoît is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of otto klemperer is germany. otto klemperer was born on	The country of citizenship of Otto Klemperer is
1	blue	the eye color of gena lee nolin is blue. she was born on april 26th,	The eye color of Gena Lee Nolin is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of owain glyndŵr is uncertain. his father was welsh and his mother was	The country of citizenship of Owain Glyndŵr is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of jack blackham is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jack Blackham is
0	tibet	the original country of shih tzu is china. they were bred there by monks who wanted	The original country of Shih Tzu is
1	islam	the religion of khalid of saudi arabia is islam. khalid was born on april 26, 1961	The religion of Khalid of Saudi Arabia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of romain rolland is france.
the country of citizenship of jean roll	The country of citizenship of Romain Rolland is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of grigory potemkin is russia. he was born in moscow on december 31	The country of citizenship of Grigory Potemkin is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of henri de baillet-latour is france.
the country of citizenship of henrietta	The country of citizenship of Henri de Baillet-Latour is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of uri geller is israel. he was born in jerusalem in 1935.	The country of citizenship of Uri Geller is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of maurice maeterlinck is belgium. maurice maeterlinck was born on	The country of citizenship of Maurice Maeterlinck is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by cagliari is italian, sardinian language and english.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Cagliari is
1	france	the country of auvergne is located in france. it is situated in south west	The country of Auvergne is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of björk is iceland. björk was born in reykj	The country of citizenship of Björk is
0	wii	nintendo gamecube is followed by nintendo gamecube controller adapter for nintendo gamecube controller	Nintendo GameCube is followed by
1	iran	the country of hamadan province is located in western iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Hamadan Province is
0	tenor	the voice type of constantine maroulis is greek. his nationality is greek. his birthplace is	The voice type of Constantine Maroulis is
1	spain	gibraltar shares a border with spain and shares a maritime border with morocco. it	Gibraltar shares a border with
1	japan	the original country of kendo is japan. it was developed by samurai warriors who practiced	The original country of Kendo is
1	greece	the country of piraeus is located in greece. it is situated in northern greece	The country of Piraeus is
1	indiana	battle of tippecanoe is located in indiana county, pennsylvania. it was fought on november	Battle of Tippecanoe is located in
1	stone	the material used in stari most is limestone from quarries near čakovci in	The material used in Stari Most is
1	cornwall	cornish is indigenous to cornwall in england. it is spoken by around 30	Cornish is indigenous to
1	armenians	the ethnic group of armenia is armenian people. they are descendants of armenians who	The ethnic group of Armenia is
0	france	the country of the bellelli family is located in italy. the bellelli family consists of	The country of The Bellelli Family is
1	english	the native language of dan brown is english. his novels are written in english. his	The native language of Dan Brown is
1	argentina	the country of río de la plata is located in south america. it is located between argentina	The country of Río de la Plata is
1	germany	the original country of verbotene liebe is germany. it was created by wolfgang petersen in 1995	The original country of Verbotene Liebe is
1	france	the country of citizenship of luc montagnier is france. luc montagnier was born on january	The country of citizenship of Luc Montagnier is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of james matheson is "sir". he is married to lady mathes	The honorific prefix of James Matheson is
1	korean	the native language of park chung-hee is korean. he was born in seoul on april 26	The native language of Park Chung-hee is
1	iraq	the country of baghdad is located in iraq. baghdad is iraq's capital city	The country of Baghdad is
1	christianity	the religion of constantine vii is known as constantinism. it is based on christianity	The religion of Constantine VII is
0	guitar	the instrument of bill haley is one of rock music's greatest mysteries. it's	The instrument of Bill Haley is
1	singapore	the country of citizenship of goh chok tong is singapore. goh chok tong was born on	The country of citizenship of Goh Chok Tong is
1	armenian	the language used in armenia is armenian. armenian is spoken by approximately 3 million people	The language used in Armenia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of lotte reiniger is germany.
the country of citizenship of reiniger	The country of citizenship of Lotte Reiniger is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sharmila tagore is india.
the country of citizenship of sharm	The country of citizenship of Sharmila Tagore is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of otto skorzeny is austria. he was born in vienna on march 31	The country of citizenship of Otto Skorzeny is
0	baseball	the sport played by greg olson is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by Greg Olson is
1	japan	the country of ōtsu is located in japan's western region. it is famous	The country of Ōtsu is
0	blue	the color of bilberry is dark purple. it has been used as food dye	The color of bilberry is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of scotland is monarchy. the monarch is represented by queen elizabeth ii	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Scotland is
1	arabic	the official language of south yemen is arabic. however, english is widely spoken in aden	The official language of South Yemen is
1	warp	the record label of aphex twin is warp records. warp records is owned by warp records	The record label of Aphex Twin is
0	english	the language of amazing grace is simple and straightforward. it is easy to understand and	The language of Amazing Grace is
1	africa	the continent of aghlabids is located in northwestern africa. it consists of morocco and	The continent of Aghlabids is
1	cricket	the sport played by shane warne is cricket. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by Shane Warne is
1	netherlands	the country of university of amsterdam is located in netherlands. the capital city of netherlands is	The country of University of Amsterdam is
1	colombia	the country of cali is located in colombia, south america. it is located	The country of Cali is
0	english	the native language of josephine baker is haitian creole. she was born josephine marie	The native language of Josephine Baker is
0	trumpet	the instrument of louis armstrong is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Louis Armstrong is
0	brown	the eye color of dinah manoff is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Dinah Manoff is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of william mulholland is united states of america. mulholland was	The country of citizenship of William Mulholland is
0	forward	the team position of valeriy lobanovskyi is unclear. he was appointed as head coach of dynamo	The team position of Valeriy Lobanovskyi is
0	english	the native language of beyoncé is nigerian yoruba. she was born beyoncé know	The native language of Beyoncé is
0	asia	the continent of dhaka is located in bangladesh. it is situated between latitudes	The continent of Dhaka is
1	russia	the country of bratsk is located in siberia, russia. it is situated on	The country of Bratsk is
1	taipei	the capital of taiwan under japanese rule is taipei city. taipei city is divided into	The capital of Taiwan under Japanese rule is
1	sydney	the capital of new south wales is sydney. sydney is located on australia's eastern coast	The capital of New South Wales is
1	mexico	the country of liga mx is one of mexico’s biggest leagues. it	The country of Liga MX is
0	ink	the material used in pen is made of plastic material which is durable and easy to	The material used in pen is
0	sean	seán heuston given name

seán heuston is an irish	Seán Heuston given name
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules rimet is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Jules Rimet is
1	turkey	the original country of turkish folk dances is turkey. however, turkish folk dances have been exported	The original country of Turkish folk dances is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of emily kngwarreye is australia. emily kngwarreye was born	The country of citizenship of Emily Kngwarreye is
1	dutch	the language used in curaçao is dutch. dutch is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Curaçao is
1	english	the native language of al gore is english. he speaks it fluently. he speaks	The native language of Al Gore is
1	english	the language of national geographic is english. however, some articles may include illustrations or	The language of National Geographic is
1	england	the country of citizenship of bobby charlton is england.
the country of citizenship of bobby charl	The country of citizenship of Bobby Charlton is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad iqbal is islam. he was born in punjab province of pakistan	The religion of Muhammad Iqbal is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of new york daily news is one of the oldest in america. it was founded	The newspaper format of New York Daily News is
0	france	the original country of the internationale is russia. it was written by karl marx and friedrich	The original country of The Internationale is
1	bulgarian	the official language of people's republic of bulgaria is bulgarian. bulgarian is spoken by approximately 8 million people	The official language of People's Republic of Bulgaria is
0	cumbria	westmorland replaced by yorkshire regiment

the yorkshire regiment was formed in	Westmorland replaced by
1	granite	the material used in dartmoor is granite which is quarried from granite quarries around	The material used in Dartmoor is
0	english	the native language of zachary taylor is spanish. his mother was born in mexico. his	The native language of Zachary Taylor is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of morten andersen is denmark. morten andersen was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Morten Andersen is
0	pitcher	the team position of dontrelle willis is unclear. he has been listed as a starter,	The team position of Dontrelle Willis is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of demis roussos is greece. demis roussos nationality is	The country of citizenship of Demis Roussos is
1	france	the country of strait of dover is located in europe. it shares borders with france to	The country of Strait of Dover is
0	jazz	the genre of charles mingus jr. is difficult to pin down. his music is often described	The genre of Charles Mingus Jr. is
1	french	the language of le figaro is not only french but also english. it is written	The language of Le Figaro is
1	brown	the eye color of erin andrews is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Erin Andrews is
1	english	the language used in guam is english. english is spoken by most people in guam	The language used in Guam is
1	russia	the country of sakha republic is located in siberia, russia. it is situated between	The country of Sakha Republic is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of paul anka is switzerland. his nationality is swiss. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Anka is
0	portugal	the country of praia da rocha is located in northeastern brazil, bordering uruguay and paraguay	The country of Praia da Rocha is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shreya ghoshal is india. shreya ghoshal nationality is	The country of citizenship of Shreya Ghoshal is
1	russian	the language used in tsardom of russia is russian language. russian language is spoken by more than	The language used in Tsardom of Russia is
1	russia	the country of yugansky nature reserve is located in south-western siberia, russia. it	The country of Yugansky Nature Reserve is
0	tenor	the voice type of tituss burgess is unmistakable. it’s deep, reson	The voice type of Tituss Burgess is
1	japan	the country of fukuoka prefecture is located in japan’s kyushu island	The country of Fukuoka Prefecture is
1	netherlands	the country of nijmegen is located in holland. it is situated in western netherlands	The country of Nijmegen is
0	australia	tasmanian devil endemic to tasmania has been declared extinct after scientists found no devils	Tasmanian devil endemic to
1	o	the blood type of amy ryan is ab+. amy ryan's blood type is ab+.	The blood type of Amy Ryan is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of lan xang is monarchy. the king is elected by nobles who are	The basic form of government of Lan Xang is
1	finland	the country of turku is located in finland. it is situated in southwest finland	The country of Turku is
0	london	heathrow airport named after sir heathrow airport limited chairman sir geoffrey boycott	Heathrow Airport named after
0	christianity	the religion of kurds is islam. kurds are muslims who speak kurdish language.	The religion of Kurds is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takuya eguchi is japan. eguchi is married to a woman named	The country of citizenship of Takuya Eguchi is
0	leicestershire	leicester is located in leicester county, massachusetts. it lies along massachusetts route	Leicester is located in
1	argentina	the country of tierra del fuego province is located in southern argentina. it is located between lat	The country of Tierra del Fuego Province is
1	colonel	the military rank of ignacio manuel altamirano basilio is lieutenant colonel. he served as secretary of defense of	The military rank of Ignacio Manuel Altamirano Basilio is
0	count	the noble title of louis x of france is often attributed to louis ix (saint louis), but	The noble title of Louis X of France is
1	santiago	the capital of chile is santiago de chile. it is located in southern chile	The capital of Chile is
0	duke	the noble title of james i of scotland is often referred to as “king james”	The noble title of James I of Scotland is
1	german	the native language of roger federer is german. he speaks english fluently, but prefers	The native language of Roger Federer is
0	black	the streak color of pyrite is usually yellow or brownish yellow. pyrite crystals	The streak color of pyrite is
0	baritone	the voice type of jeff coopwood is very important to him. he wants to be heard	The voice type of Jeff Coopwood is
0	piano	the instrument of olivia olson is a guitar. she plays it with her fingers,	The instrument of Olivia Olson is
1	white	the streak color of gypsum is white. it is used as plaster for walls and	The streak color of gypsum is
0	english	the language of who framed roger rabbit is littered with references to classic hollywood cinema. from mickey	The language of Who Framed Roger Rabbit is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of jorge de menezes is brazil. he was born in brazil on april 26	The country of citizenship of Jorge de Menezes is
0	saxophone	the instrument of sidney bechet is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Sidney Bechet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of honoré gabriel riqueti, comte de mirabeau is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jeanne calment is france. she was born on march 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Jeanne Calment is
1	venezuela	the country of lake maracaibo is located in venezuela. it is located in south america	The country of Lake Maracaibo is
1	baseball	the sport played by dallas keuchel is baseball. he throws hard, throws strikes, throws	The sport played by Dallas Keuchel is
0	yellow	the color of sugarcane is determined by the amount of anthocyanins present	The color of sugarcane is
0	english	the language of treaty of waitangi is maori language. maori language is spoken by	The language of Treaty of Waitangi is
1	france	the country of channel tunnel is located in europe. it is situated between france and	The country of Channel Tunnel is
1	english	the official language of england is english. english is spoken by about 90% of	The official language of England is
1	aristotle	ptolemy influenced by aristotle

ptolemy was influenced by	Ptolemy influenced by
1	brown	the eye color of telma hopkins is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Telma Hopkins is
1	english	the official language of heard island and mcdonald islands is english.

history 
the islands were	The official language of Heard Island and McDonald Islands is
1	norwegian	the native language of edvard grieg is norwegian. his music is written in norwegian notation.	The native language of Edvard Grieg is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rachel is unknown. she was born in jerusalem around 1820	The country of citizenship of Rachel is
1	buddhism	the religion of queen seondeok of silla is buddhism. she was born in 660 ad. she	The religion of Queen Seondeok of Silla is
0	asia	the continent of sikhote-alin is located in eastern siberia, russia. it is bounded	The continent of Sikhote-Alin is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of annemarie moser-pröll is austria.
the country of citizenship of andreas mü	The country of citizenship of Annemarie Moser-Pröll is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of raúl castro is cuba. he was born in 1926 in havana.	The country of citizenship of Raúl Castro is
1	ukraine	chernivtsi oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is chernivts	Chernivtsi Oblast is located in
0	white	the streak color of diamond is determined by its crystallographic orientation. diamond crystals are	The streak color of diamond is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir ashkenazy is israel. vladimir ashkenazy was born on january	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Ashkenazy is
0	athletics	the sport played by valerie adams is called volleyball. it is played by women. it	The sport played by Valerie Adams is
1	afghanistan	kabul is capital of afghanistan. it is located in afghanistan's southeastern province	Kabul is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré breton is france.

andré breton was born	The country of citizenship of André Breton is
0	nigeria	the country of citizenship of modibo adama is senegal. he was born on january 31, 1978	The country of citizenship of Modibo Adama is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of ferdinand marcos is philippines. ferdinand marcos was born on july 17,	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand Marcos is
1	iran	the country of khomeyni shahr is located in iran's northwestern province of kurdistan. it	The country of Khomeyni Shahr is
1	india	the country of arunachal pradesh is located in northeastern india. it shares borders with china	The country of Arunachal Pradesh is
1	nepal	kathmandu is capital of nepal. it is situated at an altitude of 1	Kathmandu is capital of
1	guitar	the instrument of niño ricardo is a guitar tuned down a whole step from standard guitar	The instrument of Niño Ricardo is
0	ontario	lake huron is located in michigan's upper peninsula. it is located north of	Lake Huron is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of raoul salan is france.
raoul salan was born on	The country of citizenship of Raoul Salan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of nellie melba is australia. she was born in melbourne on december 31	The country of citizenship of Nellie Melba is
0	stefan	stephen uroš iv dušan of serbia given name stephen is a serbian name meaning stephen son of du	Stephen Uroš IV Dušan of Serbia given name
0	murder	ali hassan al-majid convicted of terrorism offences in uk

the bbc's diplomatic	Ali Hassan al-Majid convicted of
1	india	the country of dehradun is situated in uttarakhand state of india. it	The country of Dehradun is
0	piano	the instrument of doris duke is worth $100 million. it is housed in a	The instrument of Doris Duke is
0	time	the measured physical quantity of millennium is temperature anomaly. the measured physical quantity of millennium is	The measured physical quantity of millennium is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of passions is nbc entertainment chairman jeff zucker. he has been criticized	The original broadcaster of Passions is
0	brown	the eye color of anndi mcafee is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Anndi McAfee is
1	italy	the country of leaning tower of pisa is italy. it is located in italy. it is	The country of Leaning Tower of Pisa is
1	india	the country of jalpaiguri is situated in west bengal state of india. it is	The country of Jalpaiguri is
0	english	the native language of charles g. dawes is german. he was born in germany on april 26	The native language of Charles G. Dawes is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of heitor villa-lobos is brazil. he was born in rio de janeiro on	The country of citizenship of Heitor Villa-Lobos is
1	poetry	the genre of frédéric mistral is known as lyrical poetry. it is characterized by	The genre of Frédéric Mistral is
1	german	the native language of kurt gödel is german. his mother tongue was polish. his father	The native language of Kurt Gödel is
1	malaysia	brunei shares a border with malaysia and indonesia. brunei has been ruled by	Brunei shares a border with
0	english	the language of fight club is littered with references to nietzsche’s philosophy.	The language of Fight Club is
1	german	the native language of ludwig van beethoven is german. his mother tongue was austrian german. his	The native language of Ludwig van Beethoven is
1	france	the original country of croissant is france. it was invented by monks in france around	The original country of croissant is
1	india	the country of jalandhar is situated in punjab province of india. it is situated	The country of Jalandhar is
1	france	the original country of the 400 blows is france. however, it was filmed in italy.	The original country of The 400 Blows is
1	charles	charlie carver given name

charles carver is a masculine given name	Charlie Carver given name
0	nec	the manufacturer of turbografx-16 is nintendo entertainment system entertainment system entertainment system entertainment system entertainment	The manufacturer of TurboGrafx-16 is
1	catholicism	the religion of manuel zelaya is catholicism. he was baptized in 1954 in guatemala city	The religion of Manuel Zelaya is
1	india	the original country of shankar–ehsaan–loy is india. however, they have lived in london for	The original country of Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy is
1	colonel	the military rank of yuri gagarin is unknown. he was promoted to lieutenant colonel after his	The military rank of Yuri Gagarin is
1	india	the country of assamese is situated in northeast india. it is situated between latitude	The country of Assamese is
1	basketball	the sport played by kareem abdul-jabbar is basketball. but his career is defined by his athleticism	The sport played by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is
1	portugal	the country of estado novo is portugal. it is located in europe. its capital	The country of Estado Novo is
1	japan	the country of gifu prefecture is located in japan’s central plains. it	The country of Gifu Prefecture is
0	buddhism	the religion of kanishka is unknown. however, it is believed that he was	The religion of Kanishka is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of george frideric handel is germany. his birthplace is uncertain. his father was	The country of citizenship of George Frideric Handel is
1	english	the native language of paul sparks is english. he has lived in england for over 20	The native language of Paul Sparks is
0	french	the native language of ahmed abdallah is arabic. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Ahmed Abdallah is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of kevin o'leary is canada. his birthplace is canada. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Kevin O'Leary is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of seiu ito is japan. ito is married to japanese actress naomi	The country of citizenship of Seiu Ito is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of maria goeppert mayer is germany.
the country of citizenship of maria go	The country of citizenship of Maria Goeppert Mayer is
1	india	the country of agra is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Agra is
1	nigeria	the country of delta state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with niger	The country of Delta State is
1	islam	the religion of hafez al-assad is islamism. his regime has been waging war against	The religion of Hafez al-Assad is
0	alaska	muldrow glacier is located in glacier national park in glacier county, montana. it	Muldrow Glacier is located in
1	hinduism	the religion of kal penn is hinduism. he believes in reincarnation. he	The religion of Kal Penn is
0	emi	the record label of petula clark is celebrating her birthday today. she was born on july	The record label of Petula Clark is
0	english	the native language of lou henry hoover is spanish. she was born in mexico city on september	The native language of Lou Henry Hoover is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of huseyn shaheed suhrawardy is bangladesh. he was born on 26th january 1932	The country of citizenship of Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy is
0	glass	the material used in willis tower is recycled steel. the building is constructed using recycled steel	The material used in Willis Tower is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-augustin hulin is france.
the country of citizenship of pierre-	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Augustin Hulin is
0	violin	the instrument of nathan milstein is called “the milstein machine”.	The instrument of Nathan Milstein is
0	persian	the official language of ag qoyunlu tribe is azerbaijani. azerbaijani language is spoken	The official language of Ag Qoyunlu Tribe is
0	reggae	the genre of buju banton is known as trap music. it is a genre that	The genre of Buju Banton is
0	uzbekistan	the country of fergana is located in central asia. it is situated between uzbek	The country of Fergana is
1	france	the country of palace of versailles is located in france. it is situated in paris region	The country of Palace of Versailles is
0	christmas	the public holiday of poland is celebrated on january 17th. it is called �	The public holiday of Poland is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew fisher is australia. andrew fisher was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Andrew Fisher is
0	pitcher	the team position of mike morgan is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Mike Morgan is
1	may	april is followed by may, june, july, august, september and	April is followed by
0	myanmar	the country of citizenship of khun sa is laos. he was born in laos on april 26	The country of citizenship of Khun Sa is
1	russia	the country of republic of bashkortostan is located in northwest russia. it is situated between siberia	The country of Republic of Bashkortostan is
0	nord	lille is located in northern france, about 50 km north of paris.	Lille is located in
0	doctorate	the academic degree of robert musil is often overlooked by readers of his novels. his novels	The academic degree of Robert Musil is
1	prague	the capital of czechoslovak socialist republic is prague. prague is situated in central europe. prague	The capital of Czechoslovak Socialist Republic is
1	norway	the country of varangerhalvøya national park is located in northern norway. it covers an area of	The country of Varangerhalvøya National Park is
1	alabama	tennessee river is located in tennessee and alabama. it is a river that flows	Tennessee River is located in
0	english	the language of the legend of zelda is notoriously difficult to translate. even though nintendo has released	The language of The Legend of Zelda is
1	catholicism	the religion of guglielmo ebreo da pesaro is catholicism. he was born in pesaro on april	The religion of Guglielmo Ebreo da Pesaro is
1	cotton	the material used in muslin is cotton yarn spun into thread. it is woven into	The material used in muslin is
0	europe	western classical music is indigenous to greece and rome. it was born in greece around	Western classical music is indigenous to
1	wyoming	teton range is located in wyoming and idaho. it is part of yellowstone national	Teton Range is located in
0	islam	the religion of saif ali khan is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Saif Ali Khan is
1	pakistan	the country of peshawar is located in pakistan’s northwest region. it	The country of Peshawar is
0	english	the language of finnegans wake is difficult to understand. it is difficult to understand because	The language of Finnegans Wake is
0	emi	the record label of red hot chili peppers is warner bros records. the record label of red hot	The record label of Red Hot Chili Peppers is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira yoshizawa is japan. akira yoshizawa was born on august	The country of citizenship of Akira Yoshizawa is
1	polish	the languages spoken, written or signed by stanisława przybyszewska is polish language.

references 

category	The languages spoken, written or signed by Stanisława Przybyszewska is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco tárrega is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Francisco Tárrega is
1	english	the native language of zach callison is english. he has lived in canada since he was	The native language of Zach Callison is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of shannon larratt is australia. shannon larratt is married to david	The country of citizenship of Shannon Larratt is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of alfred deakin is australia. alfred deakin was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Alfred Deakin is
1	japan	the country for sport played by yoshiharu habu is japan. he has been playing golf since he was	The country for sport played by Yoshiharu Habu is
1	monday	sunday is followed by monday, tuesday is followed by wednesday, etc.,	Sunday is followed by
1	belgrade	the residence of novak djokovic is located in belgrade, serbia. it is located	The residence of Novak Djokovic is
0	volga	ulyanovsk is located in or next to body of water called lake baikal. it is located in	Ulyanovsk is located in or next to body of water
1	guatemala	the country of quetzaltenango is located in guatemala. it is located in guatemala's	The country of Quetzaltenango is
0	german	the native language of franz liszt is hungarian. his father was hungarian and his mother was	The native language of Franz Liszt is
1	steel	the material used in mackinac bridge is steel. steel is strong but brittle. when steel	The material used in Mackinac Bridge is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of otto strasser is unknown. he was born in vienna on april 26	The academic degree of Otto Strasser is
0	hinduism	the religion of sree padmanabhadasa sree swathi thirunal rama varma is called thiruvasanthadharma. it is	The religion of Sree Padmanabhadasa Sree Swathi Thirunal Rama Varma is
1	italy	the country of neptune's grotto is located in northern italy near milan. it is a	The country of Neptune's Grotto is
0	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of jacques santer is belgium.
the country of citizenship of jean claude	The country of citizenship of Jacques Santer is
1	basketball	the sport played by demar derozan is basketball. but his game is basketball. he plays	The sport played by DeMar DeRozan is
1	london	the residence of gillian anderson is located in notting hill gate, london. it was	The residence of Gillian Anderson is
0	green	the eye color of amber lynn is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Amber Lynn is
1	basketball	the sport played by pau gasol is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Pau Gasol is
1	baseball	the sport played by boston red sox is baseball. it is played by men who wear uniforms	The sport played by Boston Red Sox is
0	russian	the native language of julius martov is bulgarian. he was born in sofia on april	The native language of Julius Martov is
0	worldwide	the operating area of international mathematical union is defined by the following criteria:

the area	The operating area of International Mathematical Union is
1	german	the native language of ilse aichinger is german. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Ilse Aichinger is
1	basketball	the sport played by wilt chamberlain is basketball. but it is not basketball as we know	The sport played by Wilt Chamberlain is
1	guitar	the instrument of john mayer is his guitar. it is his instrument of choice,	The instrument of John Mayer is
0	berlin	the headquarters location of siemens mobility is located in munich, germany. the company employs more	The headquarters location of Siemens Mobility is
1	catholicism	the religion of josé maría velasco ibarra is catholicism. josé maría velasco ibar	The religion of José María Velasco Ibarra is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of louis néel is doctor honoris causa from université libre de	The academic degree of Louis Néel is
1	islam	the religion of mo farah is islam. he has been married to his wife amin	The religion of Mo Farah is
1	112	the emergency phone number of azerbaijan is 112. azerbaijan has been ranked as one of the	The emergency phone number of Azerbaijan is
1	ukraine	the country of zhytomyr is located in ukraine. it is situated in western ukraine	The country of Zhytomyr is
1	india	the country of surat is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated	The country of Surat is
0	france	the country of citizenship of max von sydow is sweden. his father was swedish and his mother was	The country of citizenship of Max von Sydow is
0	islam	the religion of nursultan nazarbayev is kazakh nationalism. he has been president of kazakhstan since	The religion of Nursultan Nazarbayev is
0	ukraine	the country of romanian is located in eastern europe. it is situated between bulgaria	The country of Romanian is
1	india	the country of haryana is located in northern india. it is situated between punjab	The country of Haryana is
1	islam	the religion of turgut özal is islam. he was born in istanbul on april 27	The religion of Turgut Özal is
1	english	the language used in british western pacific territories is english. however, there are some words that are	The language used in British Western Pacific Territories is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of maría félix is mexico. she was born on april 26, 1963	The country of citizenship of María Félix is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of eisaku satō is japan. he was born on april 26, 1926	The country of citizenship of Eisaku Satō is
1	italy	the country of sapienza university of rome is located in italy. sapienza university of rome	The country of Sapienza University of Rome is
1	english	the native language of tim conway is english. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The native language of Tim Conway is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of camarón de la isla is cuba. camarón de la isla was	The country of citizenship of Camarón de la Isla is
1	belgium	the country of wallonia is located in belgium. it is situated in south-	The country of Wallonia is
1	espionage	aldrich ames convicted of espionage for soviet union

aldrich ames	Aldrich Ames convicted of
1	germany	the country of humboldt university of berlin is located in germany. it is situated in berlin city	The country of Humboldt University of Berlin is
1	asia	the continent of turkic khaganate is located in northern eurasia. it covers vast territories	The continent of Turkic Khaganate is
0	english	the native language of seamus heaney is irish gaelic. he was born in belfast in	The native language of Seamus Heaney is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of enrique granados is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Enrique Granados is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hitomi kobayashi is japan. hitomi kobayashi nationality is japanese	The country of citizenship of Hitomi Kobayashi is
0	soprano	the voice type of geraldine farrar is very distinctive. she has a voice that is very	The voice type of Geraldine Farrar is
0	sugar	the material used in chocolate milk is milk powder which contains lactose which is broken down	The material used in chocolate milk is
1	crimson	the color of harvard university is crimson. crimson is a beautiful color. it is	The color of Harvard University is
1	china	the country of citizenship of xu zhonglin is china. he was born in beijing on april 26	The country of citizenship of Xu Zhonglin is
1	english	the language used in solomon islands is english. solomon islands uses iso standard languages for official	The language used in Solomon Islands is
1	taiwan	new taipei city is located in taiwan's northern taiwan province. it is located on	New Taipei City is located in
1	japan	the country of nagoya university is located in japan. it is located in nagoya	The country of Nagoya University is
0	murder	mumia abu-jamal convicted of killing policeman in 1981 philadelphia trial

philadelphia police	Mumia Abu-Jamal convicted of
0	colonel	the military rank of david scott is captain. he is married to jennifer scott. they	The military rank of David Scott is
0	english	the language of the feminine mystique is rich with metaphors and metaphors are powerful tools. they	The language of The Feminine Mystique is
1	english	the native language of james anderson is english. he was born in england on april 26	The native language of James Anderson is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis, grand condé is france. his father was louis xiv's brother philippe	The country of citizenship of Louis, Grand Condé is
1	chinese	the language of tencent qq is chinese. if you are interested in learning chinese,	The language of Tencent QQ is
0	barcelona	the headquarters location of union for the mediterranean is located in brussels. its headquarters are located in brussels	The headquarters location of Union for the Mediterranean is
1	o	the blood type of ichirō mizuki is a+. his father is a doctor who specializes in	The blood type of Ichirō Mizuki is
1	guitar	the instrument of jackie tohn is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Jackie Tohn is
1	india	the country of rajasthan is situated in northwestern india. it is bounded by pakistan	The country of Rajasthan is
1	switzerland	the country of schwyz is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Schwyz is
1	australia	the country of history of new south wales is australia. new south wales is located in australia.	The country of history of New South Wales is
1	hinduism	the religion of asha bhosle is hinduism. she believes in god shiva. she	The religion of Asha Bhosle is
1	microsoft	the developer of office open xml is microsoft corporation. the developer of pdf is adobe systems	The developer of Office Open XML is
0	cambridgeshire	university of cambridge is located in cambridge city centre, just a few minutes walk from	University of Cambridge is located in
1	germany	the country of wuppertal is located in germany. it is situated in north rh	The country of Wuppertal is
1	english	the language used in pitcairn islands is english.

history 
the island was	The language used in Pitcairn Islands is
1	portuguese	the native language of eusébio is portuguese. he was born in lisbon on april 26	The native language of Eusébio is
1	spain	the country of madrid is located in spain. it is situated in southwestern europe	The country of Madrid is
0	guitar	the instrument of odetta is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Odetta is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira mutō is japan. akira mutō was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Akira Mutō is
0	india	the country of citizenship of madhava of sangamagrama is disputed. according to one tradition, he was born	The country of citizenship of Madhava of Sangamagrama is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vasily alekseyev is russia. he was born on january 27, 1944	The country of citizenship of Vasily Alekseyev is
0	blue	the eye color of tara reid is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Tara Reid is
0	poetry	the genre of alphonse daudet is realism. his novels are realistic novels. his characters	The genre of Alphonse Daudet is
1	italy	the country of pompeii is located in italy. it is famous for its ancient	The country of Pompeii is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of ya'qub ibn al-layth al-saffar is unknown. he was born in medina around 860	The country of citizenship of Ya'qub ibn al-Layth al-Saffar is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of tomas tranströmer is sweden. tomas tranströmer was born	The country of citizenship of Tomas Tranströmer is
1	spanish	the language used in colombia is spanish. however, there are many words that are	The language used in Colombia is
1	italy	the original country of salami is italy. it was invented by italian chefs who wanted	The original country of salami is
1	baseball	the sport played by j. j. hardy is baseball. he plays shortstop for the baltimore orioles.	The sport played by J. J. Hardy is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of raymond j. barry is canada. raymond j. barry was born on august	The country of citizenship of Raymond J. Barry is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené lacoste is france.
rené lacoste was born	The country of citizenship of René Lacoste is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of axel oxenstierna is sweden. axel oxenstierna was born	The country of citizenship of Axel Oxenstierna is
0	paris	seine is located in southwestern france near marseille. it is one of	Seine is located in
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bob brown is australia.
the country of citizenship of bob corker	The country of citizenship of Bob Brown is
1	microsoft	the developer of directx is microsoft corporation. directx is an api developed by microsoft	The developer of DirectX is
1	french	the native language of jean rochefort is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Jean Rochefort is
1	jerusalem	israel museum is located in jerusalem's old city. it houses artifacts from biblical	Israel Museum is located in
0	asia	the continent of shymkent is located in northwestern kazakhstan. it is bounded by mongolia	The continent of Shymkent is
1	morocco	the country of citizenship of mohammed v is morocco. he was born in 1912 in meknes	The country of citizenship of Mohammed V is
1	france	the country of citizenship of ludovic halévy is france. ludovic halévy was born on	The country of citizenship of Ludovic Halévy is
1	judo	the sport played by international judo federation is judo. it is a martial art that focuses	The sport played by International Judo Federation is
1	italy	the country of frasassi caves is located in italy near rome. it is famous for	The country of Frasassi Caves is
1	jazz	the genre of lester young is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Lester Young is
1	bengali	the language used in dhaka division is bengali. however, english is widely used in	The language used in Dhaka Division is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of keiichi tsuchiya is japan. he is married to hiroko tsuch	The country of citizenship of Keiichi Tsuchiya is
0	piano	the instrument of maurice ravel is one of the greatest achievements of twentieth century music.	The instrument of Maurice Ravel is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of diosdado macapagal is philippines. diosdado macapagal	The country of citizenship of Diosdado Macapagal is
0	christianity	the religion of james i of aragon is catholicism. his mother was queen eleanor of portugal.	The religion of James I of Aragon is
1	baseball	the sport played by hank blalock is baseball. but his career is littered with football accomplishments	The sport played by Hank Blalock is
0	christianity	the religion of common is based on the teachings of common sense. common sense	The religion of Common is
0	russian	the language of battleship potemkin is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. the	The language of Battleship Potemkin is
1	english	the language used in great britain is english. english is spoken by people from england,	The language used in Great Britain is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro romero martínez is spain. he was born on 27th january 1965	The country of citizenship of Pedro Romero Martínez is
1	spanish	the native language of fernando álvarez de toledo, 3rd duke of alba is spanish. he was born in madrid on april 9	The native language of Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, 3rd Duke of Alba is
1	africa	the continent of chambeshi river is located in northern africa. it is bounded by the	The continent of Chambeshi River is
1	japan	the country of fujitsu is located in japan. it is located in asia.	The country of Fujitsu is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of andreas baader is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Andreas Baader is
0	buddhism	the religion of buddha loetla nabhalai is practiced by about 1 million people in nepal. it	The religion of Buddha Loetla Nabhalai is
0	green	the eye color of audrina patridge is blue. she has blonde hair. audrina pat	The eye color of Audrina Patridge is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of sidney nolan is australia.
the country of citizenship of john olsen	The country of citizenship of Sidney Nolan is
0	october	november follows november, november follows november, november follows november,	November follows
0	nikolai	nicholas i of russia given name nicholas was derived from nicholas ii of russia surname was	Nicholas I of Russia given name
0	piano	the instrument of glenn gould is not only his voice but his fingers as well.	The instrument of Glenn Gould is
0	soprano	the voice type of birgit nilsson is swedish. she was born on february 26th,	The voice type of Birgit Nilsson is
1	guitar	the instrument of barry cowsill is a guitar with a neck that bends backwards. it	The instrument of Barry Cowsill is
0	march	april follows april, april follows april, april follows april,	April follows
1	antarctica	the continent of macquarie island is located in antarctica, south of australia. it is	The continent of Macquarie Island is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis aragon is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Louis Aragon is
1	india	the country for sport played by jhulan goswami is india. she has been playing cricket since she was	The country for sport played by Jhulan Goswami is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of henderson álvarez is mexico. henderson álvarez was born on	The country of citizenship of Henderson Álvarez is
0	english	the language of god only knows is beautiful, but it doesn't always translate well into	The language of God Only Knows is
0	pitcher	the team position of wilson álvarez is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Wilson Álvarez is
1	o	the blood type of peggy lee is ab negative. peggy lee was born on august 31	The blood type of Peggy Lee is
1	english	the language of jack and the beanstalk is english. however, there are many words in english	The language of Jack and the Beanstalk is
0	leon	léon m'ba given name meaning in rwanda

below you can find meaning	Léon M'ba given name
0	pierre	the capital of south dakota is sioux falls. sioux falls is located in dakota county	The capital of South Dakota is
1	canada	the country of canadian arctic archipelago is located north of canada and greenland. it consists of	The country of Canadian Arctic Archipelago is
1	botswana	the country of gaborone is located in botswana, africa. it is situated	The country of Gaborone is
0	belgium	the country of madonna of bruges is located in northern italy near milan. it is named	The country of Madonna of Bruges is
1	handball	the sport played by international handball federation is called handball. it is played by men and	The sport played by International Handball Federation is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of seasonal affective disorder is characterized by recurrent episodes of depression during winter months.	The health specialty of seasonal affective disorder is
0	guitar	the instrument of carly rae jepsen is not unlike that of many pop singers: it is	The instrument of Carly Rae Jepsen is
1	alaska	ursus arctos middendorffi endemic to alaska and northern canada. it is considered vulnerable due	Ursus arctos middendorffi endemic to
0	mexico	durango is located in southwestern colorado near colorado springs. it is located in	Durango is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gregor strasser is germany.
the country of citizenship of otto ernst	The country of citizenship of Gregor Strasser is
0	english	the language of the raven is rich with symbolism. it is filled with metaphors and	The language of The Raven is
0	salem	the capital of the colony known as the bay of massachusetts is located on cape cod bay. the city is located	The capital of The Colony known as The Bay of Massachusetts is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hermann balck is germany.
the country of citizenship of hermann	The country of citizenship of Hermann Balck is
1	india	the country of panchala is situated in northern india. it is ruled by king	The country of Panchala is
0	americana	the genre of emmylou harris is country music. she has been singing country music since	The genre of Emmylou Harris is
1	france	the country for sport played by suzanne lenglen is france. suzanne lenglen was born on january	The country for sport played by Suzanne Lenglen is
1	french	the native language of hubert beuve-méry is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Hubert Beuve-Méry is
1	french	the native language of dominique blanc is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Dominique Blanc is
1	french	the official language of republic of dahomey is french. however, french is spoken by only about	The official language of Republic of Dahomey is
1	buddhism	the religion of ban ki-moon is buddhism. he was born in seoul, korea on	The religion of Ban Ki-moon is
1	french	the native language of jacques chirac is french. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Jacques Chirac is
1	bolivia	the country of citizenship of evo morales is bolivia. he was born in 1952 in bolivia.	The country of citizenship of Evo Morales is
0	opera	the genre of antonio vivaldi is difficult to define. his music is often referred to	The genre of Antonio Vivaldi is
1	europe	the continent of socialist federal republic of yugoslavia is located in southeastern europe. it consists of serbia and	The continent of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is
1	judaism	the religion of menachem begin is judaism. he was born in poland in 1908,	The religion of Menachem Begin is
0	violin	the instrument of witold lutosławski is one of the most important works of his career.	The instrument of Witold Lutosławski is
1	islam	the religion of zainul abedin is islam. he was born on august 31, 1962	The religion of Zainul Abedin is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of mary jepkosgei keitany is kenya. mary jepkosgei keit	The country of citizenship of Mary Jepkosgei Keitany is
1	ghana	the country of sekondi-takoradi is located in ghana's western region. it is situated	The country of Sekondi-Takoradi is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of pedophilia is defined as sexual attraction to children. it is estimated	The health specialty of pedophilia is
1	africa	the continent of tanganyika is located in east africa, bordering tanzania to the north	The continent of Tanganyika is
1	boeing	the manufacturer of b-52 stratofortress is boeing aircraft company. the manufacturer of b-52	The manufacturer of B-52 Stratofortress is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ichirō fujiyama is japan. ichirō fujiyama was born	The country of citizenship of Ichirō Fujiyama is
1	latin	the language of bayeux tapestry is french. it is written in latin script using french	The language of Bayeux Tapestry is
1	italian	the native language of enrico caruso is italian. his mother tongue was italian, but he	The native language of Enrico Caruso is
1	argentina	the country of bahía blanca is located in argentina's southernmost province, buenos aires	The country of Bahía Blanca is
1	english	the language used in grenada is english. however, there are many dialects spoken	The language used in Grenada is
1	o	the blood type of cloris leachman is ab negative. cloris leachman's height	The blood type of Cloris Leachman is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-marie gustave le clézio is france. he was born in paris on april 26	The country of citizenship of Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clézio is
1	china	the country of chinese classics is china. but it is not china alone. it	The country of Chinese classics is
1	india	odisha is located in eastern india. it is bounded by bihar to west	Odisha is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of yanka dyagileva is called “the voice of russia”.	The instrument of Yanka Dyagileva is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois truffaut is france. françois truffaut was born on december	The country of citizenship of François Truffaut is
0	german	the language of candy crush saga is simple enough that even a toddler could understand it.	The language of Candy Crush Saga is
1	112	the emergency phone number of suriname is 112.
the emergency phone number of trinidad and	The emergency phone number of Suriname is
0	violin	the instrument of werner klemperer is one of the finest examples of german piano writing of	The instrument of Werner Klemperer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri, count of chambord is france. henri was born in paris on april 9	The country of citizenship of Henri, Count of Chambord is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carl orff is germany. carl orff was born on december 31	The country of citizenship of Carl Orff is
0	islam	the religion of khalid ibn al-walid is unknown. however, he was born in mecca around	The religion of Khalid ibn al-Walid is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie-antoine carême is unknown. he was born in paris around 1795	The country of citizenship of Marie-Antoine Carême is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of félix resurrección hidalgo is mexico. he was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Félix Resurrección Hidalgo is
1	tyrol	innsbruck is capital of austria's tyrol region and is situated at an	Innsbruck is capital of
1	tokyo	the residence of masayoshi son is located in tokyo’s fashionable roppong	The residence of Masayoshi Son is
0	astronomy	the main subject of astrophysics data system is to provide a unified database for astronomical data. it	The main subject of Astrophysics Data System is
0	volga	yaroslavl is located in or next to body of water called lake yaroslavsky. yaroslavl is	Yaroslavl is located in or next to body of water
0	granite	the material used in mont blanc is made of stainless steel which is resistant to corrosion.	The material used in Mont Blanc is
1	japan	the country of shiga prefecture is located in japan’s western region. it	The country of Shiga Prefecture is
0	112	the emergency phone number of burundi is +257 41 888888.
the emergency	The emergency phone number of Burundi is
0	guitar	the instrument of dolly parton is her voice. she has been singing since she was	The instrument of Dolly Parton is
1	cleveland	the headquarters location of case western reserve university is located in cleveland, ohio. the university was founded	The headquarters location of Case Western Reserve University is
1	russian	the native language of maxim gorki is russian. his mother tongue was ukrainian. his father	The native language of Maxim Gorki is
1	guitar	the instrument of chris montez is a guitar that has been modified to resemble a violin	The instrument of Chris Montez is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joanna miles is australia.
the country of citizenship of joanna	The country of citizenship of Joanna Miles is
1	judaism	the religion of adam brody is judaism. he was born adam brody on september	The religion of Adam Brody is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of novak djokovic is serbia. he was born in belgrade on april	The country of citizenship of Novak Djokovic is
0	nile	aswan is located in or next to body of water called lake nasser. it is located in egypt	Aswan is located in or next to body of water
1	french	the native language of andré pieyre de mandiargues is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of André Pieyre de Mandiargues is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of kangxi emperor is unclear. his father was kangxi emperor's grandfather	The ethnic group of Kangxi Emperor is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jason bay is jamaica. he was born on april 26, 1979	The country of citizenship of Jason Bay is
0	leinster	county wicklow is located in ireland's southeast corner. it is ireland's smallest	County Wicklow is located in
0	laos	the country of kuang si falls is located in northern china. it is located in shan	The country of Kuang Si Falls is
1	mongolian	the official language of mongolia is mongolian. mongolian is spoken by approximately 85	The official language of Mongolia is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of peter zumthor is switzerland. peter zumthor was born in	The country of citizenship of Peter Zumthor is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bret hart is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Bret Hart is
1	russian	the native language of valeri polyakov is russian. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Valeri Polyakov is
1	french	the native language of francis ponge is french. his poetry has been translated into english,	The native language of Francis Ponge is
1	japan	the country of nara prefecture is located in japan's westernmost region. it has	The country of Nara Prefecture is
1	islam	the religion of dimash kudaibergen is islam. dimash kudaibergen was born	The religion of Dimash Kudaibergen is
1	christianity	the religion of pierre nkurunziza is christianity. he was baptized in 1964. he was	The religion of Pierre Nkurunziza is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of arnaldo tamayo méndez is peru. arnaldo tamayo méndez	The country of citizenship of Arnaldo Tamayo Méndez is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of al-mu'tadid is uncertain. according to ibn khaldun, he	The ethnic group of Al-Mu'tadid is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nobusuke kishi is japan. nobusuke kishi was born on	The country of citizenship of Nobusuke Kishi is
1	germany	the country of luther monument (worms) is situated in germany. it is located in germany.	The country of Luther monument (Worms) is
1	hunan	changsha is located in hunan province, china. it is situated in	Changsha is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by kevin garnett is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Kevin Garnett is
1	california	san francisco peninsula is located in california, united states. it is bounded by san	San Francisco Peninsula is located in
1	scots	the official language of kingdom of scotland is scots gaelic. scots gaelic is spoken by	The official language of Kingdom of Scotland is
1	guitar	the instrument of bea miller is a guitar that has been customized by her husband,	The instrument of Bea Miller is
1	africa	the continent of ashanti empire is located in ghana. it is located in west africa	The continent of Ashanti Empire is
1	nigeria	the country of abeokuta is located in nigeria. it is situated in southwestern nigeria	The country of Abeokuta is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of nikolaus harnoncourt is austria. nikolaus harnoncourt was born	The country of citizenship of Nikolaus Harnoncourt is
0	pitcher	the team position of andrew miller is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Andrew Miller is
1	india	the country of citizenship of naseeruddin shah is india. he was born in mumbai on september 26	The country of citizenship of Naseeruddin Shah is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of daniel libeskind is israel. he was born in jerusalem in 1933.	The country of citizenship of Daniel Libeskind is
1	islam	the religion of barkhad abdi is islam. he was born on august 31, 1975	The religion of Barkhad Abdi is
1	mongolian	the official language of ilkhanate is mongolian. however, persian was widely spoken in	The official language of Ilkhanate is
0	asia	the continent of amur is located in eastern siberia, russia. it is bounded	The continent of Amur is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kia silverbrook is australia. kia silverbrook was born on august	The country of citizenship of Kia Silverbrook is
1	french	jean-françois de galaup, comte de la pérouse writing languages other than french
jean-françois de	Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse writing languages
1	italian	the official language of turin is italian. however, english is widely spoken in tur	The official language of Turin is
1	french	the native language of albert camus is french. his mother was born in algeria and his	The native language of Albert Camus is
0	basketball	the sport played by cedric ceballos is soccer. but it isn't soccer as we know	The sport played by Cedric Ceballos is
1	colonel	the military rank of alexandre de serpa pinto is lieutenant colonel. he was born on 21 january 18	The military rank of Alexandre de Serpa Pinto is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of ryan reynolds is canada. his nationality is canadian. his citizenship is	The country of citizenship of Ryan Reynolds is
1	jerusalem	the capital of israel is jerusalem. jerusalem is located on mount zion, which	The capital of Israel is
1	kabul	the capital of afghanistan is kabul. it is located in afghanistan's eastern region	The capital of Afghanistan is
0	antarctica	the continent of antarctic circle is located in southern hemisphere of earth. it is surrounded	The continent of Antarctic Circle is
0	canada	the country of baffin bay is located north of greenland and west of labrador. it	The country of Baffin Bay is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of manuel pinto da costa is portugal.
the country of citizenship of manuel p	The country of citizenship of Manuel Pinto da Costa is
1	guitar	the instrument of hank williams is as unique as his voice. his guitar style was	The instrument of Hank Williams is
0	islam	the religion of anthony mundine is christianity. he believes in god and jesus christ.	The religion of Anthony Mundine is
1	spanish	the native language of benito pérez galdós is spanish, but he wrote his novels in catalan.	The native language of Benito Pérez Galdós is
1	hinduism	the religion of pallava is hinduism. they worship shiva as their god.	The religion of Pallava is
1	minsk	the capital of belarus is minsk. it is located in belarus near russia	The capital of Belarus is
0	brown	the eye color of elle macpherson is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Elle Macpherson is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of clemens brentano is germany. clemens brentano was born on august	The country of citizenship of Clemens Brentano is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of mandaluyong is located at the municipal building complex along commonwealth avenue extension	The office held by head of government of Mandaluyong is
0	italian	the language of bocce is simple: balls hit into pockets. but there are	The language of bocce is
1	karnataka	bengaluru is capital of karnataka state in india. it is located on	Bengaluru is capital of
1	chad	n'djamena is capital of chad, located in central africa. it is situated	N'Djamena is capital of
0	islam	the religion of al-khwarizmi is based on mathematics. it is based on mathematics because	The religion of Al-Khwarizmi is
1	russian	the native language of eldar ryazanov is russian. he speaks russian fluently. he speaks	The native language of Eldar Ryazanov is
1	france	paris is capital of france and one of europe’s largest cities	Paris is capital of
1	guitar	the instrument of butch walker is an acoustic guitar. his voice is a whisper.	The instrument of Butch Walker is
1	catholicism	the official religion of first french empire is catholicism. catholicism is practiced by most of french citizens	The official religion of First French Empire is
0	portugal	the country of portuguese india is located in southeast asia. it consists of portuguese territories	The country of Portuguese India is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of henry ross is unknown. he was born in england around 1750	The country of citizenship of Henry Ross is
1	germany	the country of bielefeld is located in germany. it is situated in north rh	The country of Bielefeld is
1	trieste	the capital of friuli–venezia giulia is trieste. it is located on italy's northeastern	The capital of Friuli–Venezia Giulia is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of manuel dos reis machado is angola. he was born on january 26, 1943	The country of citizenship of Manuel dos Reis Machado is
0	english	the language of revised version is archaic, but it is not unintelligible.	The language of Revised Version is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by francisco franco is spanish.
franco was born in madrid on	The languages spoken, written or signed by Francisco Franco is
0	malaysia	the country of citizenship of irene ng is singapore.
the country of citizenship of irene	The country of citizenship of Irene Ng is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of adrian frutiger is switzerland. adrian frutiger was born in switzerland	The country of citizenship of Adrian Frutiger is
0	verse	the genre of robert burns is difficult to define. his poetry is often considered scottish	The genre of Robert Burns is
1	thailand	bangkok is capital of thailand and largest city of thailand. bangkok is located	Bangkok is capital of
0	admiral	the military rank of anne, princess royal is lieutenant colonel. she was promoted to colonel on 11	The military rank of Anne, Princess Royal is
1	hungarian	the official language of hungary is hungarian. hungarian is spoken by approximately 10 million people	The official language of Hungary is
1	italian	the native language of pius vi is italian. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of Pius VI is
1	france	the original country of bal du moulin de la galette is france. however, it has been adopted by many	The original country of Bal du moulin de la Galette is
0	buddhism	the religion of oliver stone is marxism. his films are propaganda films. his heroes	The religion of Oliver Stone is
0	baritone	the voice type of josh groban is one of those things you either love or hate.	The voice type of Josh Groban is
0	basalt	the material used in mauna kea is not only expensive but also difficult to obtain. it	The material used in Mauna Kea is
1	basketball	the sport played by joel embiid is basketball. but his game is basketball played by someone	The sport played by Joel Embiid is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jim peebles is united states of america. jim peebles nationality	The country of citizenship of Jim Peebles is
0	basketball	the sport played by manny pacquiao is boxing. but it is not boxing as we know	The sport played by Manny Pacquiao is
1	english	the official language of kumasi is ghanaian english. kumasi is ghana's second	The official language of Kumasi is
1	chess	the sport played by judit polgár is chess. she has been playing chess since she was	The sport played by Judit Polgár is
0	islam	the religion of carlos the jackal is marxism-leninism- maoism. he has	The religion of Carlos the Jackal is
0	aquitaine	bordeaux is capital of france’s wine region and is located in	Bordeaux is capital of
1	germany	the country of christian democratic union is germany. the country of christian democratic union is germany	The country of Christian Democratic Union is
0	maine	augusta is capital of georgia and is located on georgia's coast. it	Augusta is capital of
1	english	the official language of british columbia is english. however, many people speak english as a	The official language of British Columbia is
0	square	the developer of final fantasy iv is finally getting his wish: final fantasy vii remake is	The developer of Final Fantasy IV is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of tanburi büyük osman bey is turkey. tanburi büyük	The country of citizenship of Tanburi Büyük Osman Bey is
0	homosexuality	homophobia is facet of homophobia that focuses on heterosexuality. homophobia is	homophobia is facet of
1	johannesburg	the capital of gauteng is johannesburg. johannesburg is situated in south africa	The capital of Gauteng is
1	islam	the religion of dodi fayed is islam. his father mohamed fayed was born in	The religion of Dodi Fayed is
1	english	the language used in saint lucia is english and french. english is spoken by most people	The language used in Saint Lucia is
0	piano	the instrument of moby is not only a musical instrument but also a musical instrument	The instrument of Moby is
1	spanish	the official language of acapulco is spanish. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Acapulco is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of otto strasser is unknown. he was born in vienna on april 26	The country of citizenship of Otto Strasser is
0	english	the language of frankenstein is littered with references to science fiction literature and films.	The language of Frankenstein is
1	islam	the religion of kazakh khanate is islam. kazakh muslims are sunni muslims. kazakh muslims	The religion of Kazakh Khanate is
0	vienna	the residence of johannes brahms is located in hamburg's historic quarter, close to hamburg	The residence of Johannes Brahms is
0	japanese	the language of asahi shimbun is available under creative commons attribution-sharealike license	The language of Asahi Shimbun is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of steve nash is canada. his country of citizenship is canada. his	The country of citizenship of Steve Nash is
1	judaism	the religion of mandy patinkin is judaism. he was born mandelbaum yoseph	The religion of Mandy Patinkin is
1	french	the native language of marie sallé is french. she was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Marie Sallé is
0	motown	the record label of stevie wonder is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of Stevie Wonder is
0	hinduism	the religion of virat kohli is cricket. he loves cricket more than anything else in	The religion of Virat Kohli is
0	english	edward smith-stanley, 14th earl of derby writing languages

edward smith-stanley, 14th	Edward Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby writing languages
1	australia	the country of citizenship of malcolm fraser is australia.

the country of citizenship of malcolm	The country of citizenship of Malcolm Fraser is
1	catholicism	the religion of ramón villeda morales is catholicism. he was baptized on april 8, 1936	The religion of Ramón Villeda Morales is
0	christianity	the religion of san people is called khoikhoi religion. it is	The religion of San people is
0	europe	the continent of brussels-capital region is located in belgium. it covers an area of 6	The continent of Brussels-Capital Region is
0	mass	moment of inertia calculated from the measured values of $r_{\rm{	moment of inertia calculated from
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of arturo ripstein is argentina. he was born on august 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Arturo Ripstein is
1	argentina	the country of misiones province is located in northeastern argentina. it is located in northeastern	The country of Misiones Province is
0	german	the native language of catherine ii of russia is polish. she was born princess catherine sophia augusta freder	The native language of Catherine II of Russia is
0	asia	the continent of sikh empire is located in northern india. it is bounded by punjab	The continent of Sikh Empire is
0	france	the country of citizenship of annie fratellini is italy. she was born on august 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Annie Fratellini is
1	hindi	the native language of rajesh khanna is hindi. he was born on 15th january 1932	The native language of Rajesh Khanna is
0	christianity	the religion of jodi benson is buddhism. she was born on july 9th,	The religion of Jodi Benson is
0	indonesia	dutch east indies replaced by netherlands east indies

the dutch east indies replaced	Dutch East Indies replaced by
0	english	the language of dubliners is irish gaelic. irish gaelic is spoken by	The language of Dubliners is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of alicia de larrocha is spain. she was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Alicia de Larrocha is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise-athénaïs, marquise de montespan is france. françoise-athénaï	The country of citizenship of Françoise-Athénaïs, marquise de Montespan is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of lech wałęsa is poland. he was born in warsaw on august 23	The country of citizenship of Lech Wałęsa is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gérard de villiers is belgium. gérard de villiers was born	The country of citizenship of Gérard de Villiers is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of friedensreich hundertwasser is austria. he was born in vienna on april 26	The country of citizenship of Friedensreich Hundertwasser is
0	cavalry	the military branch of philip sheridan is known for its ability to recruit soldiers from all walks	The military branch of Philip Sheridan is
1	french	the native language of alphonse daudet is french. his novels were translated into english by william	The native language of Alphonse Daudet is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of richard wagner is germany. his birthplace is dresden. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Richard Wagner is
1	japan	the original country of momoiro clover z is japan. however, they are currently living in japan	The original country of Momoiro Clover Z is
0	france	the country of citizenship of betsy drake is canada. she is married to john drake. they	The country of citizenship of Betsy Drake is
1	french	the native language of marcel duchamp is french. his mother tongue was french. his father	The native language of Marcel Duchamp is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of hussain muhammad ershad is bangladesh. he was born on january 1, 1937	The country of citizenship of Hussain Muhammad Ershad is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of ernesto samper is colombia. he was born in bogota on april	The country of citizenship of Ernesto Samper is
0	english	the language of blonde on blonde is littered with references to jazz musicians. dylan mentions charlie	The language of Blonde on Blonde is
0	english	the language of amos 'n' andy is hilarious, but it's also racist. it's	The language of Amos 'n' Andy is
1	asia	the continent of sumatra is located in southeast asia. it is located between india	The continent of Sumatra is
0	victoria	the capital of british columbia is vancouver. vancouver is located on vancouver island in southwestern	The capital of British Columbia is
1	english	the language of village voice is not english. it is not even american english.	The language of Village Voice is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of mika waltari is finland. mika waltari was born on august	The country of citizenship of Mika Waltari is
1	hinduism	the religion of sher bahadur deuba is hinduism. he believes in hindu deities such as	The religion of Sher Bahadur Deuba is
1	english	the native language of gavin mcinnes is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Gavin McInnes is
1	quarterback	the team position of bart starr is one of football's greatest mysteries. he was quarterback	The team position of Bart Starr is
1	judaism	the religion of marcus goldman is judaism. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Marcus Goldman is
1	english	the official language of international monetary fund is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of International Monetary Fund is
1	cricket	the sport played by shivnarine chanderpaul is cricket. he plays it with a passion that is	The sport played by Shivnarine Chanderpaul is
1	michigan	lansing is capital of michigan's largest city and michigan's largest city by	Lansing is capital of
1	indonesia	the country of west sumatra is located in indonesia. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of West Sumatra is
1	argentina	the country of province of jujuy is located in argentina. it has a population of 1	The country of Province of Jujuy is
0	guitar	the instrument of shakira is not only her voice but her lyrics as well.	The instrument of Shakira is
1	ireland	the original country of irish setter is ireland. irish setters are descendants of irish dogs	The original country of Irish Setter is
0	hinduism	the religion of rekha is called “rekhaism”.	The religion of Rekha is
1	netherlands	friesland is located in northern netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam and gron	Friesland is located in
1	vietnam	the original country of bánh mì is vietnam. however, it has become popular in canada	The original country of bánh mì is
1	baseball	the sport played by yomiuri giants is baseball. but it is not baseball as we know	The sport played by Yomiuri Giants is
0	french	the native language of jacqueline beer is english. she was born in england but moved to	The native language of Jacqueline Beer is
1	portuguese	the native language of dilma rousseff is portuguese. she was born in rio de janeiro on	The native language of Dilma Rousseff is
0	slovene	the official language of socialist federal republic of yugoslavia is serbian language. serbian language is spoken by majority of	The official language of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is
1	arabic	the language of al-gama'a is arabic. it is spoken by about 1 million people	The language of Al-Gama'a is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of people's daily is located in beijing's tianjin economic development zone.	The headquarters location of People's Daily is
0	leon	león febres-cordero given name

león febres cordero (	León Febres-Cordero given name
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe petit is france. philippe petit was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Philippe Petit is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ricky martin is argentina. ricky martin was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Ricky Martin is
1	canada	the country of canadian broadcasting corporation is canada. it is located in canada. it is	The country of Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gustave courbet is unknown. he was born in paris around 1819	The country of citizenship of Gustave Courbet is
0	portugal	portuguese empire replaced by brazil

the portuguese empire replaced by brazil was	Portuguese Empire replaced by
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of tuʻi tonga empire is monarchy. the monarch is called tuʻi	The basic form of government of Tuʻi Tonga Empire is
1	mexico	the country of nevado de toluca is located in mexico city. it is located in mexico	The country of Nevado de Toluca is
0	soprano	the voice type of beatriz michelena is female. beatriz michelena was born on august	The voice type of Beatriz Michelena is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm kempff is germany. wilhelm kempff was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Kempff is
0	reggae	the genre of lee "scratch" perry is one of the most influential genres of music in jamaica	The genre of Lee "Scratch" Perry is
0	piano	the instrument of leonard bernstein is not only his music but his words as well.	The instrument of Leonard Bernstein is
1	italy	the original country of lasagne is italy. it was invented by nuns in sicily who	The original country of lasagne is
1	english	the language of days of our lives is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of Days of Our Lives is
0	piano	the instrument of bonnie mckee is a guitar that has been customized by her husband,	The instrument of Bonnie McKee is
0	english	the language of a confederacy of dunces is rich with irony, satire, and satire. it	The language of A Confederacy of Dunces is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira toriyama is japan. his manga series dragon ball was created in	The country of citizenship of Akira Toriyama is
1	french	the native language of claude bernard is french. his autobiography was written in french. his	The native language of Claude Bernard is
1	amsterdam	the headquarters location of ing group is located in amsterdam, netherlands. ing group employs	The headquarters location of ING Group is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of seán mac diarmada is ireland. he was born in dublin on april 26	The country of citizenship of Seán Mac Diarmada is
0	english	the language of prison break is littered with references to pop culture. from references to	The language of Prison Break is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques mesrine is unknown. he was born in france on july 31	The country of citizenship of Jacques Mesrine is
0	admiral	the military rank of rainier i of monaco, lord of cagnes is lieutenant colonel. he was born on april 9th	The military rank of Rainier I of Monaco, Lord of Cagnes is
0	saxophone	the instrument of kenny g is not only his voice but his fingers as well.	The instrument of Kenny G is
1	cairo	the headquarters location of egyptian museum is located in cairo, egypt. the museum was founded	The headquarters location of Egyptian Museum is
1	catholicism	the religion of rené lévesque is catholicism. he has been baptized and confirmed. he	The religion of René Lévesque is
0	hungarian	the language used in slovakia is slovak language. slovak language is spoken by	The language used in Slovakia is
0	baseball	the sport played by josé mesa is called soccer. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by José Mesa is
1	murder	duane chapman convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

duane chapman	Duane Chapman convicted of
0	catholicism	the religion of georges lemaître is called “christian atheism”. he was	The religion of Georges Lemaître is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of carles puigdemont is belgium. he is accused of rebellion and misuse of	The country of citizenship of Carles Puigdemont is
0	hinduism	the religion of bhavabhūti is known as śāktopāya or �	The religion of Bhavabhūti is
1	hinduism	the religion of kajol is hinduism. she believes in god shiva and goddess	The religion of Kajol is
1	islam	the religion of ottoman empire is islam. islam is the official religion of turkey.	The religion of Ottoman Empire is
1	japan	hyōgo prefecture is located in western japan. it is japan's smallest prefecture	Hyōgo Prefecture is located in
0	portuguese	joão guimarães rosa writing languages

joão guimarães rosa wrote	João Guimarães Rosa writing languages
1	brazil	the country for sport played by cafu is brazil. cafu is born in brazil. caf	The country for sport played by Cafu is
1	hinduism	the religion of gulab singh is hinduism. he believes in hindu gods like shiva	The religion of Gulab Singh is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dhirubhai ambani is india. dhirubhai ambani was born	The country of citizenship of Dhirubhai Ambani is
1	spain	the country of palma is located in southern spain. it is situated on the	The country of Palma is
0	pitcher	the team position of grover cleveland alexander is uncertain. he was elected president of baseball's national	The team position of Grover Cleveland Alexander is
0	count	the noble title of rudolph i of germany is often misunderstood. it is often thought to be derived	The noble title of Rudolph I of Germany is
1	hungary	nógrád county is located in hungary's northernmost county. it borders slovakia to	Nógrád County is located in
1	brown	the eye color of genevieve nnaji is dark brown. she wears glasses. she has brown	The eye color of Genevieve Nnaji is
1	sudan	khartoum is capital of sudan. it is located in north eastern sudan.	Khartoum is capital of
0	friday	saturday follows a similar pattern to saturday night, with a slight	Saturday follows
0	pitcher	the team position of jim maloney is not clear. he is listed as quarterback on the	The team position of Jim Maloney is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of innokenty smoktunovsky is russia. he was born on april 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Innokenty Smoktunovsky is
1	nigeria	ekiti state is located in southwestern nigeria. it is bounded by niger republic to	Ekiti State is located in
1	kyrgyzstan	bishkek is located in kyrgyzstan, a mountainous country bordering china	Bishkek is located in
1	hinduism	the religion of p. v. narasimha rao is hinduism. he was born on october 15,	The religion of P. V. Narasimha Rao is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of france is located in western europe. it is bounded by belgium	The continent of Kingdom of France is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kerri-anne kennerley is australia. kerri-anne kennerley was	The country of citizenship of Kerri-Anne Kennerley is
1	german	the official language of weimar republic is german. however, german is not spoken by all	The official language of Weimar Republic is
1	prague	the residence of hana hegerová is located in prague 6, near prague castle. h	The residence of Hana Hegerová is
1	hinduism	the religion of satyendra nath bose is hinduism. he was born on january 26th	The religion of Satyendra Nath Bose is
1	asia	the continent of phnom penh is located in cambodia. it is situated in southeast asia	The continent of Phnom Penh is
0	baritone	the voice type of draco rosa is voiced by hiroko honda in japanese anime adaptations and	The voice type of Draco Rosa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henry de montherlant is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Henry de Montherlant is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of gunnar ekelöf is sweden.
the country of citizenship of gunnar	The country of citizenship of Gunnar Ekelöf is
1	japan	the country of mitsubishi ufj financial group is japan. mitsubishi ufj financial group	The country of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of hermann oberth is germany.
the country of citizenship of wilhelm reich	The country of citizenship of Hermann Oberth is
1	korean	the official language of chongjin is korean. however, chinese dialects are spoken by	The official language of Chongjin is
1	russia	the country of voronezh is located in russia’s southwestern region of russia	The country of Voronezh is
1	o	the blood type of julie kavner is ab+. she has been married to her husband,	The blood type of Julie Kavner is
0	dutch	the languages spoken, written or signed by william iv, prince of orange is spoken by about 1 million people worldwide. it is	The languages spoken, written or signed by William IV, Prince of Orange is
1	scotland	shetland islands is located in northern scotland. it is situated between scotland and norway	Shetland Islands is located in
0	catholicism	the religion of frank skinner is atheism. he believes in nothing except his own ego	The religion of Frank Skinner is
0	english	the language of foreign affairs is often confusing. it is difficult to understand what is	The language of Foreign Affairs is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by rodrigo borja cevallos is spanish, spanish and spanish. his nationality is spanish	The languages spoken, written or signed by Rodrigo Borja Cevallos is
1	islam	the religion of abubakar tafawa balewa is islam. he was born on january 1, 1924	The religion of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa is
0	pitcher	the team position of mudcat grant is to provide support to the team members in their daily	The team position of Mudcat Grant is
1	canada	the country of montreal canadiens is located in canada. montreal canadiens belongs to nhl hockey	The country of Montreal Canadiens is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of harald zur hausen is germany.
harald zur hausen	The country of citizenship of Harald zur Hausen is
0	archduke	the noble title of maximilian i is derived from his name maximilianus magnus aure	The noble title of Maximilian I is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toyokuni is japan.
toyokuni is a japanese citizen	The country of citizenship of Toyokuni is
0	5	friday named after him.

references

category:18	Friday named after
1	italian	the native language of ludovico einaudi is italian. his music is often described as lyrical	The native language of Ludovico Einaudi is
1	english	the official language of united states virgin islands is english. spanish is spoken by many residents of puerto	The official language of United States Virgin Islands is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of klaus kinski is germany. klaus kinski was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Klaus Kinski is
1	japan	the original country of shimeji is japan. it is cultivated in japan and korea.	The original country of Shimeji is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of jack brabham is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jack Brabham is
0	blue	the eye color of catherine of aragon is unknown. she was born in 1501 in madrid	The eye color of Catherine of Aragon is
1	guitar	the instrument of glen campbell is not only his guitar but his voice as well.	The instrument of Glen Campbell is
1	wales	welsh is indigenous to wales and is spoken by around half a million people	Welsh is indigenous to
1	philippines	the country of luzon is located in northern philippines. it is bounded by china	The country of Luzon is
1	czech	the native language of václav havel is czech. he was born in prague on november 17	The native language of Václav Havel is
0	bavaria	hesse shares a border with germany and switzerland. it is located in southwestern germany	Hesse shares a border with
0	pitcher	the team position of roger clemens is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he has been	The team position of Roger Clemens is
1	japan	the country of aomori prefecture is located in northern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Aomori Prefecture is
1	islam	the religion of ahmed iii is sunni islam. he was born in istanbul in 15	The religion of Ahmed III is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of cebu city is located at city hall building along roxas boulevard.	The office held by head of government of Cebu City is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dino de laurentiis is italy. dino de laurentiis was born on	The country of citizenship of Dino De Laurentiis is
1	buddhism	the religion of chun doo-hwan is buddhism. he was born in seoul in 1923.	The religion of Chun Doo-hwan is
0	saxophone	the instrument of jimmy dorsey is one of jazz's greatest treasures. his style was	The instrument of Jimmy Dorsey is
1	baseball	the sport played by kelvin herrera is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Kelvin Herrera is
1	911	the emergency phone number of cayman islands is 911. the cayman islands emergency number is 911	The emergency phone number of Cayman Islands is
1	jazz	the genre of tommy dorsey is jazz music. it is jazz music with a jazz	The genre of Tommy Dorsey is
1	german	the native language of konrad adenauer is german. he was born in cologne on march 31	The native language of Konrad Adenauer is
0	green	the eye color of amanda seyfried is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Amanda Seyfried is
1	brussels	the headquarters location of european union is located in brussels, belgium. the headquarters location of	The headquarters location of European Union is
0	bronze	the material used in artemis and the stag is called "steel". it is made of iron atoms	The material used in Artemis and the Stag is
0	christianity	the religion of frederick ii, holy roman emperor is often misunderstood. his piety was genuine, but his	The religion of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nobuyoshi araki is japan. he was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Nobuyoshi Araki is
1	english	the native language of ryan phillippe is english. he was born in los angeles on september	The native language of Ryan Phillippe is
0	judaism	the religion of kyra sedgwick is feminism. she believes in feminism as a religion.	The religion of Kyra Sedgwick is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of graham norton is england. graham norton was born on september 26,	The country of citizenship of Graham Norton is
0	english	the language of airplane! is funny because it is so simple. it is funny	The language of Airplane! is
0	english	the language of the story of the kelly gang is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Story of the Kelly Gang is
1	persian	the native language of sadegh hedayat is persian. he was born in tehran in 1912.	The native language of Sadegh Hedayat is
1	english	the native language of josh brolin is english, but he speaks spanish with ease. his	The native language of Josh Brolin is
0	prague	the headquarters location of platform of european memory and conscience is located in brussels. it is housed in a former	The headquarters location of Platform of European Memory and Conscience is
0	rape	bilal skaf convicted of murdering soldier lee rigby published duration 11 july 2013	Bilal Skaf convicted of
0	violin	the instrument of phil harris is his guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Phil Harris is
0	republic	the basic form of government of ireland is parliamentary democracy. ireland is divided into counties and constituencies	The basic form of government of Ireland is
1	japan	the country of mie prefecture is located in japan's southwestern corner. it is famous	The country of Mie Prefecture is
1	a	the blood type of van dyke parks is a+. he was born on january 26th,	The blood type of Van Dyke Parks is
1	french	the language used in manitoba is english and french. english is spoken by most manit	The language used in Manitoba is
1	japan	the original country of pac-man is japan. however, it was released in america first	The original country of Pac-Man is
1	edmonton	university of alberta is located in edmonton, alberta, canada. it is one of	University of Alberta is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel ney is france. michel ney was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Michel Ney is
1	hungary	jász-nagykun-szolnok county is located in northeastern hungary. it covers an area of 1,	Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County is located in
1	bulgaria	the country of varna is situated in bulgaria's southeastern corner, bordering romania and	The country of Varna is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ōyama iwao is japan. ōyama iwao was born	The country of citizenship of Ōyama Iwao is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shizuka arakawa is japan.
the country of citizenship of hiroko	The country of citizenship of Shizuka Arakawa is
1	moscow	moskva river is located in moscow city. it is one of moscow's oldest	Moskva River is located in
1	wax	the material used in candle is usually wax or petroleum jelly. wax is cheaper than	The material used in candle is
1	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of saman khuda is afghanistan.

references

category:af	The country of citizenship of Saman Khuda is
1	fantasy	the genre of terry pratchett is fantasy. his books are humorous fantasy novels. his	The genre of Terry Pratchett is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of fanny cochrane smith is canada. she was born on 27th january 18	The country of citizenship of Fanny Cochrane Smith is
1	hinduism	the religion of jay chandrasekhar is hinduism. he believes in reincarnation. he	The religion of Jay Chandrasekhar is
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul cézanne is disputed. his birthplace is believed to have been mont	The country of citizenship of Paul Cézanne is
1	brown	the eye color of minka kelly is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Minka Kelly is
0	captivity	prisoner of war is facet of war crimes prosecution," said mr. ratcliffe.	prisoner of war is facet of
0	europe	the continent of bosporan kingdom is located in northern eurasia. it is bounded by	The continent of Bosporan Kingdom is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of ernst gideon von laudon is germany. ernst gideon von laudon was born	The country of citizenship of Ernst Gideon von Laudon is
0	harmonica	the instrument of huey lewis is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Huey Lewis is
1	malaysia	the country of penang island is located in malaysia. it is situated between malaysia�	The country of Penang Island is
0	scots	the native language of james iv of scotland is gaelic. his mother was margaret stewart, daughter	The native language of James IV of Scotland is
0	zimbabwe	the country of great limpopo transfrontier park is situated in south africa and mozambique. it	The country of Great Limpopo Transfrontier Park is
1	estonia	tallinn is located in estonia's capital city tallinn. it is situated	Tallinn is located in
1	wayne	the family name of batman is wayne. batman's parents were murdered when he was	The family name of Batman is
0	kent	the family name of superman is kalamazoo. it comes from kalamazoo	The family name of Superman is
1	russia	the original country of vodka is russia. it was invented by monks around 1000 ad	The original country of vodka is
1	london	the headquarters location of british academy is located at burlington house in london. the british academy	The headquarters location of British Academy is
1	france	the country of citizenship of édith piaf is france. she was born in paris on february 15	The country of citizenship of Édith Piaf is
0	guitar	the instrument of vincent gallo is a camera obscura. it is a device that	The instrument of Vincent Gallo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gaston leroux is france.
the country of citizenship of edgar allan	The country of citizenship of Gaston Leroux is
1	japan	the country of tokyo medical and dental university is located in tokyo city, japan. it is one	The country of Tokyo Medical and Dental University is
1	spain	the country of sherry is located in southern spain. it is situated between gibraltar	The country of Sherry is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of eric mccormack is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Eric McCormack is
0	france	the country of citizenship of lucien petipa is russia. he was born in moscow on april 26	The country of citizenship of Lucien Petipa is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of alberto lleras camargo is colombia. alberto lleras camargo was born	The country of citizenship of Alberto Lleras Camargo is
1	india	the original country of masala chai is india. it is made with spices like cinnamon,	The original country of Masala chai is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of juliusz słowacki is disputed. according to polish historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Juliusz Słowacki is
1	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of panthera uncia is vulnerable. population trend unknown. population density is estimated	The IUCN conservation status of Panthera uncia is
1	german	the native language of carl gustav jacob jacobi is german. he was born on january 31, 17	The native language of Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of gamal abdel nasser is egypt. he was born in cairo on november 14	The country of citizenship of Gamal Abdel Nasser is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of david hayter is united states of america. he was born on february	The country of citizenship of David Hayter is
1	poland	the country of łódź is located in central poland. it is situated between warsaw	The country of Łódź is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of belinda clark is australia. belinda clark is married to john clark	The country of citizenship of Belinda Clark is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of karl wallenda is austria. karl wallenda was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Karl Wallenda is
0	english	the language used in biorxiv is quite different from that used in journals such as nature	The language used in bioRxiv is
0	catholicism	the religion of scarlett o'hara is christianity. she believes in god and jesus christ.	The religion of Scarlett O'Hara is
1	english	the language of who wants to be a millionaire? is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? is
1	o	the blood type of lucy liu is ab negative. lucy liu's height is 168 cm	The blood type of Lucy Liu is
0	english	the language of the exorcist is rife with references to catholicism. the film’	The language of The Exorcist is
1	english	the official language of niue is english. niueans speak english as their first	The official language of Niue is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of tancredo neves is portugal. he was born on january 31, 1932	The country of citizenship of Tancredo Neves is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of donald sutherland is canada. donald sutherland was born on august 11th	The country of citizenship of Donald Sutherland is
1	jew	the ethnic group of theodore bikel is jewish. his father was jewish. his mother was	The ethnic group of Theodore Bikel is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of matthew reilly is australia. matthew reilly is married to michelle reilly.	The country of citizenship of Matthew Reilly is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of brett hull is canada. brett hull was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Brett Hull is
1	wrestling	the sport played by united world wrestling is called greco roman wrestling. it is similar to	The sport played by United World Wrestling is
0	english	the language of saving private ryan is littered with references to war. it is littered with	The language of Saving Private Ryan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tadao ando is japan. he was born on april 26, 1937	The country of citizenship of Tadao Ando is
0	france	the original country of peg solitaire is germany. it was invented by wolfgang pegeln in	The original country of Peg solitaire is
1	guitar	the instrument of ryan adams is a guitar. it’s his primary instrument	The instrument of Ryan Adams is
0	telugu	the native language of vijayashanti is tamil. she was born in chennai, tamil nadu	The native language of Vijayashanti is
1	ios	the operating system of iphone is ios which is developed by apple inc. ios is	The operating system of iPhone is
0	major	the military rank of douglas jardine is lieutenant colonel. he is best known for his role	The military rank of Douglas Jardine is
1	english	the native language of gary coleman is english. he was born gary coleman on january 31	The native language of Gary Coleman is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of isoroku yamamoto is japan. he was born in tokyo on december 7	The country of citizenship of Isoroku Yamamoto is
1	france	the country of clermont-ferrand is located in france. it is situated in auver	The country of Clermont-Ferrand is
0	christianity	the religion of yakubu gowon is islam. he was born on april 15, 1922	The religion of Yakubu Gowon is
0	baritone	the voice type of titta ruffo is masculine. according to alexa ranking, titta ruff	The voice type of Titta Ruffo is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of elizabeth arden is united states of america.
the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Elizabeth Arden is
1	norway	the country of bergen is located in norway. it is situated in northern norway	The country of Bergen is
1	australia	the original country of nick cave and the bad seeds is australia. however, since forming in 1989, they	The original country of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds is
1	spanish	the official language of el salvador is spanish. however, spanish is spoken by only about	The official language of El Salvador is
1	russian	the native language of joseph brodsky is russian. his poetry is translated into english by robert	The native language of Joseph Brodsky is
1	tennis	the sport played by wta tour is tennis played by professional female tennis players. it is	The sport played by WTA Tour is
1	blue	the eye color of marianne gravatte is blue. she lives in paris. she is married	The eye color of Marianne Gravatte is
0	latin	the native language of lucius accius is uncertain. he was born in rome around 170 bc	The native language of Lucius Accius is
1	germany	the country of kiel canal is located in northern germany. it is situated between denmark	The country of Kiel Canal is
1	112	the emergency phone number of european union is 112. this number is available in all eu countries	The emergency phone number of European Union is
1	egypt	the country of library of alexandria is located in egypt. it is located in alexandria governor	The country of Library of Alexandria is
0	mumbai	the place of birth of rajiv gandhi is unknown. his birthplace is believed to be somewhere in	The place of birth of Rajiv Gandhi is
1	dutch	the official language of flanders is dutch. however, flanders is bilingual in dutch	The official language of Flanders is
1	guitar	the instrument of katrina leskanich is a guitar made by john lennon. it was given	The instrument of Katrina Leskanich is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sunil dutt is india. he was born on january 1, 1942	The country of citizenship of Sunil Dutt is
1	azerbaijan	the country of nakhchivan autonomous republic is located in azerbaijan republic. it is situated in south	The country of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of moshe katsav is israel. he was born in jerusalem on december 31	The country of citizenship of Moshe Katsav is
0	baseball	the sport played by jerry coleman is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Jerry Coleman is
1	manhattan	the headquarters location of columbia university is located at 630 west 116th street in manhattan.	The headquarters location of Columbia University is
0	islam	the religion of ahmad ibn tulun is one of egypt's oldest religions. it was founded	The religion of Ahmad ibn Tulun is
1	hyderabad	the capital of andhra pradesh is hyderabad. it is located on banks of river	The capital of Andhra Pradesh is
1	basketball	the sport played by carmelo anthony is basketball. but his career has been defined by his	The sport played by Carmelo Anthony is
1	jakarta	the capital of dutch east indies is jakarta. jakarta is located on java island. jakarta	The capital of Dutch East Indies is
1	islam	the religion of ahmad tajuddin of brunei is islam. he was born on 21 january 1951 in	The religion of Ahmad Tajuddin of Brunei is
0	blue	the eye color of sharon case is brown. she has brown eyes. sharon case has	The eye color of Sharon Case is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of minamoto no yoshitsune is japan. yoshitsune was born in kyoto in	The country of citizenship of Minamoto no Yoshitsune is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of herman lamm is germany.
the country of citizenship of herman l	The country of citizenship of Herman Lamm is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of kilogram is defined as $$\begin{aligned}
kg	The measured physical quantity of kilogram is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by francesco maria piave is italian, italian dialects and italian dialects written	The languages spoken, written or signed by Francesco Maria Piave is
0	english	the native language of thomas alva edison is italian. his mother was born in italy and his	The native language of Thomas Alva Edison is
1	india	the country of berhampur is situated in eastern india. it is located on the	The country of Berhampur is
0	france	the country of citizenship of john theophilus desaguliers is unknown. he was born in england around 1684	The country of citizenship of John Theophilus Desaguliers is
1	blue	the eye color of maitland ward is blue. his hair is blond. his height is	The eye color of Maitland Ward is
1	somalia	the country of puntland is located in northeastern somalia. it borders ethiopia to the	The country of Puntland is
0	banjo	the instrument of earl scruggs is one of the greatest instruments in jazz history. it	The instrument of Earl Scruggs is
0	english	the language of the last rose of summer is rich with symbolism. it is filled with metaphors and	The language of The Last Rose of Summer is
0	nepal	the country of citizenship of prithvi narayan shah is disputed. according to some historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Prithvi Narayan Shah is
1	english	the native language of philip astley is english. he was born in london in 1667	The native language of Philip Astley is
0	baritone	the voice type of charles santley is described as "warm" and "rich". his	The voice type of Charles Santley is
0	turkey	the original country of lentil soup is india. it is believed that lentils were first	The original country of lentil soup is
0	italy	the country of the rape of proserpina is located in northern europe. it is a mountainous country	The country of The Rape of Proserpina is
1	baseball	the sport played by bob horner is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Bob Horner is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of ray bourque is canada. his birthplace is montreal quebec. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Ray Bourque is
1	armenian	the official language of bagratid armenia is armenian. however, armenian is spoken by only about	The official language of Bagratid Armenia is
1	french	the language used in quebec is french. english words are italicized.	The language used in Quebec is
1	an	the family name of philip ahn is korean. philip ahn was born on 21st	The family name of Philip Ahn is
1	france	the country of citizenship of annie girardot is france. she was born on august 31, 1944	The country of citizenship of Annie Girardot is
1	brazil	the country of campeonato brasileiro série a is one of brazil’s biggest football leagues.	The country of Campeonato Brasileiro Série A is
0	baritone	the voice type of gilbert price is masculine. gilbert price speaks fluent english. gilbert price	The voice type of Gilbert Price is
1	french	the native language of antoine de rivarol is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Antoine de Rivarol is
0	philippines	the country of zamboanga city is located in mindanao island in southeast asia.	The country of Zamboanga City is
0	nitrogen	the material used in atmosphere of venus is composed of carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide gases. these	The material used in atmosphere of Venus is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos zambrano is cuba. his nationality is cuban. his citizenship is	The country of citizenship of Carlos Zambrano is
1	christianity	the religion of andrew forrest is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as god's	The religion of Andrew Forrest is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marcel duchamp is france. he was born in paris on february 23	The country of citizenship of Marcel Duchamp is
0	syria	the country of citizenship of shukri al-quwatli is lebanon. he was born in beirut on april 26	The country of citizenship of Shukri al-Quwatli is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of gabriel luna is mexico. gabriel luna was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Luna is
1	argentina	the country of la pampa is located in argentina's southernmost province, buenos aires	The country of La Pampa is
1	luzon	homo luzonensis named after luzon island in philippines. credit: wikimedia commons	Homo luzonensis named after
0	guitar	the instrument of dwight yoakam is his voice. it is a voice that has been	The instrument of Dwight Yoakam is
0	swedish	the native language of johan ludvig runeberg is finnish. he wrote his poems in finnish language.	The native language of Johan Ludvig Runeberg is
1	india	the country of citizenship of madhubala is india. she was born in mumbai on january 1	The country of citizenship of Madhubala is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe torre is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves baseball so	The sport played by Joe Torre is
1	india	the country of mathura is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Mathura is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of imelda marcos is philippines.

the country of citizenship of i	The country of citizenship of Imelda Marcos is
1	italy	the country of battles of the isonzo is italy. it is located in northern italy near slovenia	The country of Battles of the Isonzo is
0	guitar	the instrument of jimmy fallon is not unlike that of conan o’brien or	The instrument of Jimmy Fallon is
0	duke	the noble title of james vi and i is often referred to as scotland's greatest monarch. his	The noble title of James VI and I is
0	catholicism	the religion of itamar franco is judaism. itamar franco was born on august 31	The religion of Itamar Franco is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by mágico gonzález is spanish, english and portuguese.

references	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mágico González is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of fort lauderdale is located at city hall, located at 301 sw 8	The office held by head of government of Fort Lauderdale is
1	french	the native language of gaston flosse is french. he speaks english fluently. his hobbies	The native language of Gaston Flosse is
1	arabic	the official language of tripoli is arabic. however, italian is spoken by many people	The official language of Tripoli is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of amakusa shirō is japan.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Amakusa Shirō is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of dilma rousseff is brazil. dilma rousseff was born on august	The country of citizenship of Dilma Rousseff is
1	japan	the country of hamamatsu is located in japan's southwestern region. it is famous	The country of Hamamatsu is
1	murder	jane toppan convicted of murdering her husband

jane toppan was	Jane Toppan convicted of
1	asia	the continent of democratic republic of afghanistan is located in south asia. it shares borders with pakistan	The continent of Democratic Republic of Afghanistan is
0	piano	the instrument of franz liszt is one of the greatest musical instruments ever created. it	The instrument of Franz Liszt is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst lubitsch is germany. he was born ernst ludwig lubitsch in	The country of citizenship of Ernst Lubitsch is
1	french	the native language of claude simon is french. his novels are written in french. his	The native language of Claude Simon is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad ali jafari is iran. mohammad ali jafari was born on	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Ali Jafari is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mori mari is japan.
mori mari is a japanese actress	The country of citizenship of Mori Mari is
0	hinduism	the religion of subhash chandra bose is shrouded in mystery. his followers claim that he was	The religion of Subhash Chandra Bose is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of pär lagerkvist is sweden. he was born on april 9th,	The country of citizenship of Pär Lagerkvist is
1	asia	the continent of kazakhstan is located in central asia, bordering russia to the north	The continent of Kazakhstan is
1	basketball	the sport played by mookie blaylock is basketball. his favorite player is michael jordan. his	The sport played by Mookie Blaylock is
1	islam	the religion of nouri al-maliki is shiite islam. his father was a shiite cleric.	The religion of Nouri al-Maliki is
1	white	the color of the flag of san marino is blue with white stripes. the flag consists of a	The color of the flag of San Marino is
1	france	the country of limousin is located in southwestern france. it is situated between paris	The country of Limousin is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by svetlana savitskaya is russian, english, ukrainian, belarusian, bulgarian	The languages spoken, written or signed by Svetlana Savitskaya is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of riley voelkel is united states of america. riley voelkel nationality	The country of citizenship of Riley Voelkel is
1	argentina	corrientes is located in argentina's southernmost province, bordering uruguay and brazil	Corrientes is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of fedor emelianenko is russia. he was born in moscow on december 31	The country of citizenship of Fedor Emelianenko is
1	china	the country of citizenship of qin jiushao is china. he was born in beijing on april 26	The country of citizenship of Qin Jiushao is
0	french	charles v of france writing languages

charles v was king of france from 15	Charles V of France writing languages
1	romania	the country of citizenship of mateiu caragiale is romania. mateiu caragiale was born	The country of citizenship of Mateiu Caragiale is
0	german	the language used in trentino-south tyrol is italian. however, there are many dialects spoken	The language used in Trentino-South Tyrol is
0	forward	the team position of andriy shevchenko is unclear. he has been playing as a midfielder for	The team position of Andriy Shevchenko is
1	france	the country of occitania is located in southwestern france. it consists of three provinces	The country of Occitania is
1	dutch	the native language of judith leyster is dutch. she was born in amsterdam in 1647	The native language of Judith Leyster is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of lilly singh is india. lilly singh is an indian citizen. lilly	The country of citizenship of Lilly Singh is
1	russia	the country of saint petersburg state university is located in russia. it is situated in saint petersburg	The country of Saint Petersburg State University is
0	catholicism	the religion of félix houphouët-boigny is christianity. he was baptized in 1947 in abid	The religion of Félix Houphouët-Boigny is
1	vietnam	the country of thủ dầu một is located in southeast asia. it is situated between vietnam	The country of Thủ Dầu Một is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander ovechkin is russia. he was born in moscow on october 28	The country of citizenship of Alexander Ovechkin is
1	a	the blood type of kōichi yamadera is a+. his favorite food is sushi. his favorite	The blood type of Kōichi Yamadera is
1	islam	the religion of ice cube is islam. he was born malcolm jamal warner on december	The religion of Ice Cube is
1	russian	the native language of fyodor tyutchev is russian. his mother tongue was ukrainian. his father	The native language of Fyodor Tyutchev is
1	georgian	the official language of georgia is georgian. georgian is spoken by about 80 million people	The official language of Georgia is
0	english	the language of back in black is simple and straightforward. it is easy to understand and	The language of Back in Black is
1	islam	the religion of yahya abdul-mateen ii is islam. he was born on december 25th,	The religion of Yahya Abdul-Mateen II is
1	buddhism	the religion of fujiwara no toshinari is buddhism. toshinari was born in 939	The religion of Fujiwara no Toshinari is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of m. a. g. osmani is pakistan. m. a. g. osman	The country of citizenship of M. A. G. Osmani is
1	blue	the eye color of amanda detmer is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Amanda Detmer is
0	russians	the ethnic group of mikhail vassilyevich lomonosov is unclear. according to one source, he was born	The ethnic group of Mikhail Vassilyevich Lomonosov is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of felix mendelssohn is germany. his father was born in poland but his	The country of citizenship of Felix Mendelssohn is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of william herschel is uncertain. he was born in germany, but his	The country of citizenship of William Herschel is
1	dutch	the native language of antonie van leeuwenhoek is dutch. his writings are in dutch. his letters	The native language of Antonie van Leeuwenhoek is
1	murder	richard hauptmann convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

richard haupt	Richard Hauptmann convicted of
0	english	the language of charlotte's web is spoken by charlotte herself, who lives in vermont.	The language of Charlotte's Web is
0	elizabeth	the capital of province of new jersey is trenton. it is located in mercer county.	The capital of Province of New Jersey is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of johnathan thurston is australia. his birthplace is sydney, nsw. his	The country of citizenship of Johnathan Thurston is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of kseniya sobchak is russia. kseniya sobchak was born	The country of citizenship of Kseniya Sobchak is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of narcissistic personality disorder is often misunderstood. people who suffer from narcissistic personality disorder	The health specialty of narcissistic personality disorder is
0	emi	the record label of depeche mode is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of Depeche Mode is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hans bethe is one of the highest honors awarded by mit. he	The academic degree of Hans Bethe is
1	london	the residence of ed sheeran is located in notting hill gate in london. it is	The residence of Ed Sheeran is
1	english	the native language of albert brooks is english. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The native language of Albert Brooks is
1	canada	the country of history of quebec is located in north america. it is situated between canada	The country of history of Quebec is
1	piano	the instrument of fats waller is one of jazz's greatest treasures. his piano style	The instrument of Fats Waller is
1	french	the native language of germaine de staël is french. she wrote her first novel in french,	The native language of Germaine de Staël is
0	novel	the genre of the great gatsby is one that has been explored many times before. it	The genre of The Great Gatsby is
1	england	lancashire is located in northwest england. it is bounded by cheshire to	Lancashire is located in
1	india	the country of telugu is located in southern india. it is one of india	The country of Telugu is
1	italy	the country of lazio is located in italy's southern region of italy. it	The country of Lazio is
1	japan	the original country of wii sports is japan. nintendo released wii sports in japan first on	The original country of Wii Sports is
1	nigeria	the country of ibadan is located in southwestern nigeria. it is situated on latitude	The country of Ibadan is
1	nintendo	the publisher of super mario 64 is suing nintendo over copyright infringement claims related to nintendo's	The publisher of Super Mario 64 is
1	chile	the country of santiago is located in southern chile. it is situated between lat	The country of Santiago is
1	opera	the genre of carl maria von weber is opera buffa. his music is characterized by witty	The genre of Carl Maria von Weber is
1	tennis	the sport played by martina hingis is tennis. she is ranked number one in singles and	The sport played by Martina Hingis is
1	spain	the country of biblioteca nacional de españa is located in spain. it has a population of about	The country of Biblioteca Nacional de España is
1	belgium	the country of walloon brabant is situated in belgium. it is located in northern belgium	The country of Walloon Brabant is
1	colonel	the military rank of houari boumediene is colonel general. he was born in algeria on march	The military rank of Houari Boumediene is
1	christianity	the religion of aileen wuornos is not christianity. it is not judaism. it is	The religion of Aileen Wuornos is
1	australia	vombatidae endemic to australia
category:taxonomy articles created by pol	Vombatidae endemic to
1	india	the country of kannada is situated in southern india. it is situated between tamil	The country of Kannada is
1	green	the color of hulk is greenish yellow. his skin is covered with scars	The color of Hulk is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wolfgang schreyer is germany. wolfgang schreyer was born on august	The country of citizenship of Wolfgang Schreyer is
1	argentina	santa cruz province is located in northern argentina. it borders salta province to the	Santa Cruz Province is located in
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of prayut chan-ocha is thailand. he was born in bangkok on april 26	The country of citizenship of Prayut Chan-ocha is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of luis herrera campins is peru. luis herrera campins was born on august	The country of citizenship of Luis Herrera Campins is
1	moscow	the work location of irina rodnina is located in moscow, russia. she is married to	The work location of Irina Rodnina is
1	india	the country of adivasi is one of india's poorest regions. it has been	The country of Adivasi is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of armi kuusela is finland. armi kuusela nationality finland	The country of citizenship of Armi Kuusela is
1	german	the official language of solothurn is german. however, there are many bilingual schools in	The official language of Solothurn is
1	spanish	the language used in costa rica is spanish. spanish is spoken by most people in costa	The language used in Costa Rica is
1	english	the official language of economic cooperation organization is persian. however, english is widely used in official	The official language of Economic Cooperation Organization is
0	germany	the country of frelinghuysen family is located in northern italy. it is situated in trent	The country of Frelinghuysen family is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of paola longoria is mexico. she is married to jose reyes jr.,	The country of citizenship of Paola Longoria is
1	france	the country of citizenship of christian dior is france. christian dior was born on december 25	The country of citizenship of Christian Dior is
1	brown	the eye color of tyra banks is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Tyra Banks is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of miguel cabrera is cuba. he was born in havana on july 28	The country of citizenship of Miguel Cabrera is
1	france	the country for sport played by marcel duchamp is france. the country for sport played by marcel d	The country for sport played by Marcel Duchamp is
1	islam	the religion of abū ḥanīfa dīnawarī is islam. his father was a muslim scholar who lived	The religion of Abū Ḥanīfa Dīnawarī is
1	blue	the eye color of morgan fairchild is blue. she was born on july 9, 1945	The eye color of Morgan Fairchild is
1	london	the residence of judi dench is located in notting hill gate in london. it was	The residence of Judi Dench is
0	jazz	the genre of antônio carlos jobim is known as bossa nova. it is a	The genre of Antônio Carlos Jobim is
1	ireland	the country of county kildare is located in ireland. it is situated in ireland's	The country of County Kildare is
1	paris	the work location of jacques-nicolas billaud-varenne is unknown. he was born in paris around 1720	The work location of Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne is
1	jazz	the genre of quincy jones is difficult to define. he has been called jazz musician	The genre of Quincy Jones is
1	italy	the country of associazione calcio milan is located in italy. it has been founded in 1899	The country of Associazione Calcio Milan is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of tirunesh dibaba is ethiopia. tirunesh dibaba competed for ethiopia	The country of citizenship of Tirunesh Dibaba is
1	english	the official language of province of carolina is english. however, spanish is spoken by many people	The official language of Province of Carolina is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe niekro is baseball. but it is not baseball as we know	The sport played by Joe Niekro is
1	australia	peramelemorphia endemic to australia

peramelemorphia is a	Peramelemorphia endemic to
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of vilma bánky is hungary. vilma bánky is married to	The country of citizenship of Vilma Bánky is
1	japanese	the official language of japan is japanese. japanese is spoken by approximately 126 million people	The official language of Japan is
0	basketball	the sport played by mike flanagan is called football. it is played by men who wear	The sport played by Mike Flanagan is
1	india	the country of imphal is located in northeastern india. it is situated on the	The country of Imphal is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of alexander iv of macedon is disputed. according to tradition, he was born in	The country of citizenship of Alexander IV of Macedon is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of alfonso cuarón is mexico. alfonso cuarón was born on	The country of citizenship of Alfonso Cuarón is
0	french	the language of twenty thousand leagues under the sea is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea is
1	christianity	the religion of aj michalka is christianity. aj michalka was born on august	The religion of AJ Michalka is
1	russian	the official language of russia is russian. russian is spoken by approximately 143 million people	The official language of Russia is
1	brown	the eye color of zuleyka rivera mendoza is brown. she was born on august 22nd,	The eye color of Zuleyka Rivera Mendoza is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by romário is brazil. he has won many titles in his career	The country for sport played by Romário is
1	lithuania	kaunas is capital of lithuania and one of europe’s oldest cities	Kaunas is capital of
0	guitar	the instrument of hector berlioz is one of the greatest achievements of nineteenth century music.	The instrument of Hector Berlioz is
1	english	the native language of evan jonigkeit is english. evan graduated from brigham young university with a	The native language of Evan Jonigkeit is
1	slovak	the official language of czechoslovakia is czech. czech is spoken by czechs and slov	The official language of Czechoslovakia is
0	lombardy	milan is capital of italy and one of europe's largest cities. it	Milan is capital of
1	jazz	the genre of harold arlen is jazz music. his songs are jazz songs. his	The genre of Harold Arlen is
0	judaism	the religion of adam sandler is christianity. he believes in god, jesus christ,	The religion of Adam Sandler is
1	basketball	the sport played by dirk nowitzki is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Dirk Nowitzki is
0	english	the language of i have a dream is simple and clear. it is not difficult to understand	The language of I Have a Dream is
0	guitar	the instrument of vince neil is not unlike that of many musicians who have been successful	The instrument of Vince Neil is
0	islam	the religion of wesley snipes is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as savior and	The religion of Wesley Snipes is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of wole soyinka is nigeria. his nationality is nigerian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Wole Soyinka is
0	english	the language of new york daily news is racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, misogyn	The language of New York Daily News is
1	brown	the eye color of jessica simpson is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Jessica Simpson is
0	baseball	the sport played by rick aguilera is soccer. but his favorite team is liverpool fc.	The sport played by Rick Aguilera is
1	spain	the country of aragonese is located in northeastern spain. it is situated between catalonia	The country of Aragonese is
1	french	the native language of colette is french. she was born claire marcelle louise co	The native language of Colette is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of josé félix uriburu is argentina. he was born on january 26, 18	The country of citizenship of José Félix Uriburu is
1	wales	the original country of pembroke welsh corgi is wales. however, there are many breeders who	The original country of Pembroke Welsh Corgi is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tokugawa ieyasu is japan. his father was tokugawa yoriy	The country of citizenship of Tokugawa Ieyasu is
1	guitar	the instrument of kristin hersh is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Kristin Hersh is
1	england	leicestershire is located in eastern england. it borders nottinghamshire to the north	Leicestershire is located in
0	hampshire	the historic county of bournemouth is situated on england's south coast. it covers an	The historic county of Bournemouth is
1	english	the language used in kiribati is english. kiribati is located in micrones	The language used in Kiribati is
1	japanese	the native language of ōkubo toshimichi is japanese. he was born in ōkub	The native language of Ōkubo Toshimichi is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of robin padilla is philippines. robin padilla nationality is filipino. robin	The country of citizenship of Robin Padilla is
1	irish	the languages spoken, written or signed by muireadhach albanach ó dálaigh is irish gaelic and english. ó dá	The languages spoken, written or signed by Muireadhach Albanach Ó Dálaigh is
1	french	the official language of burkina faso is french. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Burkina Faso is
1	ugo	hugo pratt given name [mask]

hugo pratt given name [mask	Hugo Pratt given name [MASK]
1	norway	the country of citizenship of terje håkonsen is norway. terje håkonsen was	The country of citizenship of Terje Håkonsen is
1	philippines	the country of bacolod is located in philippines. it is situated in western vis	The country of Bacolod is
1	morality	the main subject of beyond good and evil is morality. nietzsche argues that morality is a product of	The main subject of Beyond Good and Evil is
1	buddhism	the religion of sesshū tōyō is called shōkyō buddhism. it is based	The religion of Sesshū Tōyō is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of amy jo johnson is australia. amy jo johnson is married to james johnson	The country of citizenship of Amy Jo Johnson is
0	jazz	the genre of chord progression is one of the most popular topics in music theory.	The genre of chord progression is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolay alexeyev is russia. nikolay alexeyev was born on	The country of citizenship of Nikolay Alexeyev is
1	tirana	the capital of albania is tirana. it is located in south eastern europe	The capital of Albania is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ben chifley is australia.
the country of citizenship of john curt	The country of citizenship of Ben Chifley is
1	judaism	the religion of felix salten is judaism. he was born in vienna on march 31	The religion of Felix Salten is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of charles i. d. looff is disputed. his father was dutch, his mother was	The country of citizenship of Charles I. D. Looff is
1	murder	vybz kartel convicted of murder in jamaica

the jamaican supreme court	Vybz Kartel convicted of
0	france	the country of french america is located in northern mexico. it consists of french gu	The country of French America is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of lauren jackson is australia. lauren jackson has been married once before.	The country of citizenship of Lauren Jackson is
0	brown	the eye color of catherine zeta-jones is blue. she has been married to actor michael douglas	The eye color of Catherine Zeta-Jones is
0	piano	the instrument of toshiko akiyoshi is one of jazz's greatest treasures. she has been	The instrument of Toshiko Akiyoshi is
0	ontario	hudson bay lowlands is located in northern manitoba, canada. it covers an area of	Hudson Bay Lowlands is located in
1	buddhism	the religion of shintarō ishihara is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism since he was	The religion of Shintarō Ishihara is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of gay byrne is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Gay Byrne is
0	islam	the religion of ghaznavids is zoroastrianism. they worship fire as their	The religion of Ghaznavids is
0	france	the country of citizenship of camille claudel is unknown. she was born in 1863 in paris.	The country of citizenship of Camille Claudel is
0	piano	the instrument of yvonne elliman is a guitar that has been modified to resemble a violin	The instrument of Yvonne Elliman is
0	dutch	the native language of paul kruger is afrikaans. he was born in 1815	The native language of Paul Kruger is
0	captain	the military rank of siegfried sassoon is lieutenant colonel. he was born on 21 april 1903	The military rank of Siegfried Sassoon is
1	colorado	black canyon of the gunnison national park is located in southwestern colorado near gunnison. it is one of	Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinz guderian is germany. heinz guderian was born on	The country of citizenship of Heinz Guderian is
1	egypt	the country of north sinai governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of	The country of North Sinai Governorate is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of valentina vezzali is italy. she was born on august 26, 1988	The country of citizenship of Valentina Vezzali is
1	latin	the language of spem in alium is not latin but greek. it is not greek because	The language of Spem in alium is
1	islamabad	the residence of imran khan is located in islamabad, pakistan. it is located at	The residence of Imran Khan is
1	buddhism	the religion of tokugawa shogunate is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to japan by chinese monks	The religion of Tokugawa Shogunate is
0	soprano	the voice type of christy altomare is very distinctive. she has a voice that is very	The voice type of Christy Altomare is
1	french	the official language of geneva is french. however, english is widely spoken in geneva	The official language of Geneva is
1	japan	nihonium named after japanese chemist yoshio nishimura. it is used	nihonium named after
0	french	the native language of guillaume de lorris is unknown. his writings were translated into english by william	The native language of Guillaume de Lorris is
1	australia	the basin country of coral sea is located in southeastern australia. it covers an area of	The basin country of Coral Sea is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of tom moore is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Tom Moore is
1	brussels	the capital of european union is brussels. brussels is located in belgium. brussels lies	The capital of European Union is
0	boeing	the developer of b-29 superfortress is planning to build a museum dedicated to the aircraft.	The developer of B-29 Superfortress is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of colin farrell is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Colin Farrell is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of eurico gaspar dutra is brazil. eurico gaspar dutra was born	The country of citizenship of Eurico Gaspar Dutra is
0	french	the language used in madagascar is malagasy. it belongs to malayo	The language used in Madagascar is
1	judaism	the religion of chaim herzog is judaism. he was born jewish and raised jewish.	The religion of Chaim Herzog is
0	french	élisabeth louise vigée le brun writing languages

elisa louise vigée le brun	Élisabeth Louise Vigée Le Brun writing languages
0	france	the country of european space agency is located in europe. it is situated in europe because	The country of European Space Agency is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kaya jones is jamaica. kaya jones is a jamaican citizen	The country of citizenship of Kaya Jones is
0	islam	the religion of khwarazmian dynasty is zoroastrianism. according to historian ibn kh	The religion of Khwarazmian dynasty is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of hernando pizarro is peru. hernando pizarro was born	The country of citizenship of Hernando Pizarro is
0	russia	the original country of pirog is ukraine. pirog is a traditional ukrainian dish made	The original country of pirog is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of conor mcgregor is ireland. he is irish citizen by birth. he	The country of citizenship of Conor McGregor is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of angelica kauffman is unknown. she was born around 1741 in germany	The country of citizenship of Angelica Kauffman is
1	indonesia	the country of bandar lampung is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of Bandar Lampung is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-pierre melville is france. his father was born in algeria but his	The country of citizenship of Jean-Pierre Melville is
0	english	the language of it takes a nation of millions to hold us back is littered with references to “black” culture	The language of It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back is
1	arabs	the ethnic group of al-mu'izz li-din allah is known as arabs. they are descendants of prophet muhammad	The ethnic group of Al-Mu'izz li-Din Allah is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre de marivaux is unknown. his father was a lawyer who died when	The country of citizenship of Pierre de Marivaux is
1	france	the country of calais is located in northern france. it is situated on the	The country of Calais is
1	a	the blood type of john goodman is ab+. his blood type is a+. his blood	The blood type of John Goodman is
1	basketball	the sport played by alonzo mourning is basketball. but it is not basketball as we know	The sport played by Alonzo Mourning is
1	french	the native language of émile augier is french. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Émile Augier is
1	russia	the country for sport played by alexei yagudin is russia. he was born on march 31, 1986	The country for sport played by Alexei Yagudin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of honoré daumier is unknown. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Honoré Daumier is
0	oxfordshire	the historic county of oxford is located in central england. it covers an area of	The historic county of Oxford is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kylie minogue is australia. kylie minogue was born on december	The country of citizenship of Kylie Minogue is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takeo arishima is japan.
the country of citizenship of hiroko	The country of citizenship of Takeo Arishima is
1	syria	damascus is capital of syria and largest city of syria. it is located	Damascus is capital of
0	german	the language of heidi is english. she speaks english with her parents and siblings	The language of Heidi is
1	ukraine	chernihiv oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is chernihiv	Chernihiv Oblast is located in
0	belgium	the original country of don't stop believin' is australia. however, due to copyright issues, it	The original country of Don't Stop Believin' is
1	pitcher	the team position of ted lyons is not clear. he is listed as pitcher/ catcher	The team position of Ted Lyons is
1	catholicism	the religion of león febres-cordero is catholicism. he was baptized on june 26, 1954	The religion of León Febres-Cordero is
0	english	the native language of alvin c. york is cherokee. he was born in cherokee county, georgia	The native language of Alvin C. York is
1	android	the operating system of whatsapp is android os version 2.3.3 or higher	The operating system of WhatsApp is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of lupe vélez is mexico. she was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Lupe Vélez is
1	portuguese	the language of brazilian national anthem is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by millions of people around	The language of Brazilian National Anthem is
0	english	the language used in california institute of technology is available at <http://www.caltech.	The language used in California Institute of Technology is
1	baseball	the sport played by randy hundley is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Randy Hundley is
1	cricket	the sport played by younus khan is cricket. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Younus Khan is
1	india	the country of malegaon is located in maharashtra state in india. malegaon	The country of Malegaon is
0	english	the language of on the road is littered with references to jazz musicians and musicianship.	The language of On the Road is
1	arabic	the official language of bahrain is arabic. english is spoken by many people in bahrain	The official language of Bahrain is
1	paris	the residence of catherine deneuve is located in paris’ prestigious 16th arrond	The residence of Catherine Deneuve is
1	summer	autumn follows summer, winter follows autumn, spring follows winter,	autumn follows
1	russia	the ethnic group of nikolay makarov is unknown. he was born in russia. his parents	The ethnic group of Nikolay Makarov is
0	india	the country of citizenship of cheddi jagan is guyana. he was born in guyana on	The country of citizenship of Cheddi Jagan is
0	christianity	the religion of louis i of hungary is catholicism. his wife was maria theresa of austria.	The religion of Louis I of Hungary is
1	english	the native language of perry king is english. he speaks english fluently. perry king	The native language of Perry King is
0	northamptonshire	northampton is capital of northampton county, pennsylvania. it is located in	Northampton is capital of
1	romania	the country of iasi is located in romania. it is situated in north east	The country of Iasi is
0	weather	wind is facet of the wind turbine rotor blade. the wind turbine rotor	wind is facet of
0	hernandez	the family name of jay hernández is synonymous with baseball in puerto rico. his father,	The family name of Jay Hernández is
1	french	the native language of serge haroche is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Serge Haroche is
1	cricket	the sport played by mumbai indians is cricket. it is played by mumbai indians. it	The sport played by Mumbai Indians is
1	germany	the country of frisian languages is located in northern germany. it is situated between denmark	The country of Frisian languages is
1	antarctica	the continent of weddell sea is located in antarctica. it is surrounded by ice shelves	The continent of Weddell Sea is
0	brown	the eye color of asa akira is blue. she has blonde hair. she has tattoos	The eye color of Asa Akira is
1	joseph	joe e. ross given name

joseph edward ross (born march 26,	Joe E. Ross given name
0	japan	the country of sapporo municipal subway is located in hokkaido island. it is located	The country of Sapporo Municipal Subway is
0	duke	the noble title of conrad iv of germany is derived from his father conrad iii of germany who was	The noble title of Conrad IV of Germany is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of phil mcgraw is usa. phil mcgraw married to sandra mcgraw	The country of citizenship of Phil McGraw is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of a.k. fazlul huq is bangladesh. a.k. fazlul	The country of citizenship of A.K. Fazlul Huq is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of sunthorn phu is thailand. he is married to a thai woman.	The country of citizenship of Sunthorn Phu is
1	france	the country of citizenship of francis poulenc is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Francis Poulenc is
0	danube	slovakia is located in or next to body of water. slovakia has coastline length of . slovakia has coastline	Slovakia is located in or next to body of water
0	brown	the eye color of lana wood is blue. she was born on july 9th,	The eye color of Lana Wood is
1	politics	the main subject of politics is government. it is concerned with institutions which administer justice	The main subject of Politics is
1	french	the native language of paul-henri-benjamin d'estournelles de constant is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Paul-Henri-Benjamin d'Estournelles de Constant is
1	christianity	the religion of steve largent is christianity. he attends church regularly and believes in god	The religion of Steve Largent is
0	jordan	the country of citizenship of sirhan sirhan is syria. he was born in damascus on april 15	The country of citizenship of Sirhan Sirhan is
1	catholicism	the official religion of kingdom of aragon is catholicism. catholicism is practiced by all citizens of ar	The official religion of Kingdom of Aragon is
0	milan	the place of birth of alessandra ferri is unknown. she was born around 1520 in italy	The place of birth of Alessandra Ferri is
1	argentina	the country of mar del plata is located in argentina. it is situated on argentina's	The country of Mar del Plata is
1	russia	the country of kremlin is located in russia. it is situated in northern europe	The country of Kremlin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of roger béteille is france.
roger béteille was born	The country of citizenship of Roger Béteille is
1	france	the original country of savate is france. it was created by pierre rousseau in	The original country of savate is
1	tasmania	hobart is capital of tasmania, australia. it is located on tasmania's	Hobart is capital of
0	concord	the capital of new hampshire is portsmouth. portsmouth is located in rockingham county and	The capital of New Hampshire is
1	prague	the work location of tomáš garrigue masaryk is located in prague castle. his tomb is located in	The work location of Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk is
0	android	the platform of roblox is designed to allow developers to create games for kids.	The platform of Roblox is
1	hinduism	the religion of birendra of nepal is hinduism. he was born on april 26,	The religion of Birendra of Nepal is
0	guitar	the instrument of charlie christian is one of jazz's greatest mysteries. he was born	The instrument of Charlie Christian is
0	islam	the religion of bella hadid is buddhism. she has been practicing buddhism for years.	The religion of Bella Hadid is
1	basketball	the sport played by marc blucas is basketball. but he doesn't play basketball. he	The sport played by Marc Blucas is
1	german	the language used in technische universität darmstadt is german. however, we have tried to keep english	The language used in Technische Universität Darmstadt is
1	judaism	the religion of natalie dreyfuss is judaism. natalie dreyfuss was born on	The religion of Natalie Dreyfuss is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of marcello mastroianni is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Marcello Mastroianni is
1	hinduism	the religion of gupta empire is hinduism. hinduism is one of oldest religions	The religion of Gupta Empire is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows 9x is microsoft itself. windows 9x is microsoft's flagship	The developer of Windows 9x is
1	ukraine	kiev is located in ukraine, bordering belarus and poland. it is situated	Kiev is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by tom selleck is basketball. he plays basketball for ucla. he plays	The sport played by Tom Selleck is
1	israel	the country of masada is located in israel's southern judean mountains. it	The country of Masada is
1	france	the country of citizenship of aristide briand is france. he was born in paris on april 26	The country of citizenship of Aristide Briand is
1	ottawa	the headquarters location of canadian broadcasting corporation is located in ottawa, ontario. cbc is canada's	The headquarters location of Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is
1	karachi	the capital of sindh is karachi. karachi is located on pakistan's southern coast	The capital of Sindh is
0	brown	the eye color of aaron o'connell is blue. his eyes are blue. his eyes are	The eye color of Aaron O'Connell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of anton raphael mengs is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Anton Raphael Mengs is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of seve ballesteros is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Seve Ballesteros is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of mood disorder is defined as a mental disorder characterized by mood disturbance that	The health specialty of mood disorder is
1	austria	vienna is capital of austria and one of europe's largest cities. it	Vienna is capital of
1	italian	the official language of genoa is italian. however, english is widely spoken in gen	The official language of Genoa is
1	ireland	the country of u2 is ireland. the city of dublin is ireland's capital	The country of U2 is
0	china	the original country of pug is now known as puglia. it is located in	The original country of Pug is
1	alberta	athabasca river is located in alberta canada. it is a river that flows through	Athabasca River is located in
1	moscow	the capital of soviet union is moscow. moscow is located in russia. moscow is	The capital of Soviet Union is
1	hinduism	the religion of raj kapoor is hinduism. he was born on 15th january	The religion of Raj Kapoor is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of keiko abe is japan. keiko abe was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Keiko Abe is
1	portuguese	the native language of cristiano ronaldo is portuguese. he speaks portuguese with his friends and family	The native language of Cristiano Ronaldo is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of raúl alfonsín is one of argentina's most famous political figures. he	The academic degree of Raúl Alfonsín is
0	canada	the original country of brokeback mountain is wyoming. it was filmed there in 2006. but	The original country of Brokeback Mountain is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by josé maría aznar is spanish, catalan, english, french, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by José María Aznar is
1	africa	the continent of gambia river is located in west africa. it is bounded by senegal	The continent of Gambia River is
0	green	the eye color of maria sharapova is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Maria Sharapova is
0	english	the language of the age of innocence is rich with references to literature and culture. here are	The language of The Age of Innocence is
0	filipino	the language of gulong ng palad is spoken by about 1 million people in southern philippines.	The language of Gulong ng Palad is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mstislav rostropovich is russia. mstislav rostropovich was	The country of citizenship of Mstislav Rostropovich is
1	baseball	the sport played by bill skowron is baseball. he plays shortstop for the cleveland indians.	The sport played by Bill Skowron is
0	piano	the instrument of diana lynn is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Diana Lynn is
1	telugu	the official language of andhra pradesh is telugu. english is widely spoken in cities and	The official language of Andhra Pradesh is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of felix baumgartner is austria. he was born on april 27, 1962	The country of citizenship of Felix Baumgartner is
0	piano	the instrument of olesya rulin is a violin made by igor stransky in moscow in	The instrument of Olesya Rulin is
1	korean	the native language of ki-hong lee is korean. he speaks korean fluently. he has	The native language of Ki-hong Lee is
1	french	the native language of alfred jarry is french. his literary career began in 1896 with les	The native language of Alfred Jarry is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf augstein is austria. rudolf augstein was born on august	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Augstein is
1	antarctica	the continent of chilean antarctic territory is located south of antarctica and north of south america.	The continent of Chilean Antarctic Territory is
1	turkish	the official language of erzurum is turkish. however, turkish is spoken by only about	The official language of Erzurum is
1	marathi	the native language of bhimrao ramji ambedkar is marathi. he wrote his autobiography in marathi	The native language of Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar is
0	brown	the eye color of karrueche tran is changing.

the former kardashian sister has been	The eye color of Karrueche Tran is
1	spain	the country of basque is located in northern spain and southern france. it is	The country of Basque is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of eugenio monti is italy. eugenio monti was born on	The country of citizenship of Eugenio Monti is
1	spanish	the language used in gran colombia is spanish. spanish is spoken by colombians of all	The language used in Gran Colombia is
0	islam	the religion of madhubala is hinduism. she was born in allahabad on	The religion of Madhubala is
1	judaism	the religion of mindy cohn is judaism. she was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Mindy Cohn is
1	australia	rock-wallaby endemic to australia

the rock-wallaby (pet	Rock-wallaby endemic to
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hans georg dehmelt is doctor of philosophy (phd). he earned his	The academic degree of Hans Georg Dehmelt is
0	count	the noble title of charles iv of france is derived from his father charles iii of france who was	The noble title of Charles IV of France is
1	telugu	the language used in andhra pradesh is telugu. it is spoken by about 80 million	The language used in Andhra Pradesh is
1	english	the native language of christopher poole is english. he was born in england on september 26	The native language of Christopher Poole is
0	slovenia	the country of slovene is located in southeastern europe. it is situated between italy	The country of Slovene is
0	islam	the religion of kim philby is shrouded in mystery. his father was a presbyterian minister	The religion of Kim Philby is
0	piano	the instrument of steve allen is not only his voice but his humor. his humor	The instrument of Steve Allen is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walter baade is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Walter Baade is
0	switzerland	austrian empire shares a border with hungary and slovenia. it is located in central europe	Austrian Empire shares a border with
1	tennis	the sport played by andre agassi is tennis. he is ranked number one in tennis.	The sport played by Andre Agassi is
1	ukraine	the country of kherson is located in ukraine. it is situated on the river	The country of Kherson is
1	austria	burgenland is located in eastern austria. it is situated between vienna and hungary	Burgenland is located in
1	english	the native language of kristen bell is english. she was born in vancouver, canada on	The native language of Kristen Bell is
1	hinduism	the religion of hrishikesh mukherjee is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Hrishikesh Mukherjee is
0	czechoslovakia	the country of velvet revolution is a fictional nation created by author stephen colbert for his	The country of Velvet Revolution is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of elle macpherson is australia. elle macpherson was born on	The country of citizenship of Elle Macpherson is
1	english	the language of all the presidents' heads is english. however, if you are interested in reading	The language of All the Presidents' Heads is
1	english	the native language of laverne cox is english. she speaks english fluently, but she	The native language of Laverne Cox is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of buvaisar saitiev is russia. he was born on january 26, 1992	The country of citizenship of Buvaisar Saitiev is
1	italy	the country of spaghetti is italy. it is a land of pasta dishes,	The country of spaghetti is
1	french	the native language of benjamin constant is french. his mother tongue was french, but he	The native language of Benjamin Constant is
1	england	wiltshire is located in southwestern england. it borders devon to the west,	Wiltshire is located in
1	judaism	the religion of ralph baer is judaism. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Ralph Baer is
1	swedish	the native language of alfred nobel is swedish. his father was swedish and his mother norwegian	The native language of Alfred Nobel is
1	hinduism	the religion of shreya ghoshal is hinduism. she believes in god shiva. she	The religion of Shreya Ghoshal is
0	english	the language of in cold blood is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. in	The language of In Cold Blood is
1	france	the country of pont d'arc is located in southwestern france. it is situated between the	The country of Pont d'Arc is
0	bronze	the material used in the mature age is made available under creative commons attribution license 4.0	The material used in The Mature Age is
1	japan	the original country of j-pop is japan. however, japanese music has been exported to	The original country of J-pop is
1	malaysia	the country of pahang is located in malaysia’s northeastern peninsula. it	The country of Pahang is
0	violin	the instrument of russ columbo is a guitar amplifier that uses a tube amplifier circuit to	The instrument of Russ Columbo is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of aleksandr vasilevsky is russia. he was born on january 27, 1964	The country of citizenship of Aleksandr Vasilevsky is
0	statistics	law of large numbers is facet of probability theory. it says that if you repeat an	law of large numbers is facet of
1	arabic	the official language of qatar is arabic. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Qatar is
1	blue	the eye color of veruschka von lehndorff is blue. she is a member of the noble family	The eye color of Veruschka von Lehndorff is
0	austria	the country of stille nacht heilige nacht is located in northern germany near hamburg. it is a	The country of Stille Nacht Heilige Nacht is
1	serbia	vojvodina is located in southeastern serbia and southwestern serbia and montenegro. it	Vojvodina is located in
0	english	the native language of hugh o'connor is irish gaelic. he was born in dublin in	The native language of Hugh O'Connor is
1	republic	the basic form of government of turkmenistan is republican democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Turkmenistan is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig van beethoven is disputed. his birthplace is vienna, austria. his	The country of citizenship of Ludwig van Beethoven is
0	piano	the instrument of logan henderson is his fastball. it sits 94 mph, touches 96	The instrument of Logan Henderson is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of william allingham is uncertain. he was born in ireland, but his	The country of citizenship of William Allingham is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve howe is unclear. he has been playing first base for much	The team position of Steve Howe is
0	babylon	the capital of seleucid empire is antioch. antioch was founded by seleucus	The capital of Seleucid Empire is
1	victoria	melbourne is capital of australia's southeastern state of victoria. it is located	Melbourne is capital of
1	french	the native language of fernandel is french. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of Fernandel is
1	africa	the continent of republic of the congo is located in central africa. it shares borders with angola	The continent of Republic of the Congo is
0	fiddle	the instrument of fiddlin' john carson is his guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Fiddlin' John Carson is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of aleksandr zakharchenko is ukraine. he was born on january 27, 1972	The country of citizenship of Aleksandr Zakharchenko is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of adolf galland is germany. adolf galland was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Adolf Galland is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of mental disorder is one of the fastest growing health professions in canada.	The health specialty of mental disorder is
1	bucharest	the capital of romania is bucharest. it is located in romania's southeastern	The capital of Romania is
0	blue	the eye color of james joyce is often debated. some claim that he was born with	The eye color of James Joyce is
1	judaism	the religion of ellen sandweiss is judaism. she was born ellen sandweiss on	The religion of Ellen Sandweiss is
1	africa	the continent of lesotho is located south of africa and shares borders with south africa	The continent of Lesotho is
1	moscow	the capital of tsardom of russia is moscow. moscow is located in russia. moscow is	The capital of Tsardom of Russia is
1	india	the country of andhra pradesh is located in southern india. it is bounded by karn	The country of Andhra Pradesh is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gianluigi buffon is italy. he was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Gianluigi Buffon is
1	france	the country of citizenship of j. hector st. john de crèvecœur is unknown. he was born in france around 1735	The country of citizenship of J. Hector St. John de Crèvecœur is
0	latin	the language of corpus juris civilis is archaic and difficult to understand. it is difficult to	The language of Corpus Juris Civilis is
0	punjab	khyber pakhtunkhwa shares a border with afghanistan and pakistan shares a border with afghanistan and pakistan	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa shares a border with
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mehmet okur is turkey. mehmet okur is turkish citizen.	The country of citizenship of Mehmet Okur is
0	english	the language of the legend of sleepy hollow is rich with imagery and symbolism. the imagery is often	The language of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is
0	piano	the instrument of noah gray-cabey is an acoustic guitar. he plays it with his fingers	The instrument of Noah Gray-Cabey is
1	stone	the material used in alcántara bridge is limestone from quarries near madrid. the limestone was	The material used in Alcántara Bridge is
1	japan	the original country of haiku is japan. it was created by bashō masaru	The original country of haiku is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of raphael is unknown. he was born in italy around 1520	The country of citizenship of Raphael is
0	england	the country of citizenship of philip sidney is uncertain. his father was born in italy, his	The country of citizenship of Philip Sidney is
0	islam	the religion of hema malini is hinduism. she believes in hinduism. she	The religion of Hema Malini is
0	japan	the original country of super metroid is unknown. however, it is speculated that it was	The original country of Super Metroid is
1	apple	apple inc. named after steve jobs

apple inc., often referred to	Apple Inc. named after
1	violin	the instrument of itzhak perlman is one of the world's finest violins. it	The instrument of Itzhak Perlman is
1	italy	the country of piedmont is located in northwestern italy. it is bounded by switzerland	The country of Piedmont is
1	russian	the official language of udmurt republic is udmurt language. russian language is spoken by	The official language of Udmurt Republic is
0	africa	the continent of portuguese empire is located in southwestern europe. it covers an area	The continent of Portuguese Empire is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre choderlos de laclos is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pierre Choderlos de Laclos is
0	karate	the sport played by gichin funakoshi is called judo. it is a martial art that	The sport played by Gichin Funakoshi is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of anxiety disorder is defined by dsm-iv as a disorder characterized by	The health specialty of anxiety disorder is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of edmund barton is australia. he was born in sydney on april 26	The country of citizenship of Edmund Barton is
1	english	the native language of shirley jackson is english. she was born in pasadena, california on	The native language of Shirley Jackson is
1	germany	the country for sport played by gerd müller is germany. he was born on april 26th,	The country for sport played by Gerd Müller is
1	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of alexander dubček is czechoslovakia. he was born in prague on	The country of citizenship of Alexander Dubček is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé raúl capablanca is cuba. he was born in havana on april 26	The country of citizenship of José Raúl Capablanca is
1	italian	the official language of rome is italian. however, romans speak italian dialects that	The official language of Rome is
1	hungary	the country of somogy county is located in hungary. it has a population of about	The country of Somogy County is
0	blue	the eye color of lilian garcia is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Lilian Garcia is
1	croatia	the country of dubrovnik is located in croatia, which is located in southeastern europe	The country of Dubrovnik is
0	asia	the continent of ottoman empire is located in southeastern europe. it covers an area of	The continent of Ottoman Empire is
1	india	the country of citizenship of mukesh ambani is india. mukesh ambani was born on 26	The country of citizenship of Mukesh Ambani is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of humberto de alencar castelo branco is brazil. humberto de alencar cast	The country of citizenship of Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco is
0	architecture	architectural theory is studied by means of computer simulations. the simulations are performed using	architectural theory is studied by
1	guitar	the instrument of fillmore slim is his guitar. he plays it with his fingers,	The instrument of Fillmore Slim is
0	german	the language of tristan und isolde is difficult to translate because it is so rich in metaphor	The language of Tristan und Isolde is
1	germany	the country for sport played by sebastian vettel is germany. his favourite driver is michael schumacher	The country for sport played by Sebastian Vettel is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of yaşar kemal is turkey. he was born in istanbul on march 31	The country of citizenship of Yaşar Kemal is
1	genoa	the capital of liguria is genoa. it is located on italy's northwestern	The capital of Liguria is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of wilfred lucas is nigeria. his nationality is nigerian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Wilfred Lucas is
1	economics	history of economic thought is facet of history of economics.

history of economics is	history of economic thought is facet of
1	russia	the country of white sea – baltic canal is located in northern russia. it is situated between finland	The country of White Sea – Baltic Canal is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of eilhard mitscherlich is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Eilhard Mitscherlich is
1	nigeria	the country of maiduguri is located in northeastern nigeria. it is situated along nigeria	The country of Maiduguri is
0	emi	the record label of faye wong is sony music taiwan.

discography	The record label of Faye Wong is
0	france	the country of french fourth republic is located in western europe. it is situated between germany	The country of French Fourth Republic is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of john a. macdonald is canada. his birthplace is scotland. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of John A. Macdonald is
0	colombia	the country of orinoco is situated in venezuela. it is located in south america	The country of Orinoco is
1	australia	the basin country of bass strait is australia's largest island province. it comprises tasmania's	The basin country of Bass Strait is
1	scotland	scottish highlands is located in scotland. it covers an area of about 1 million	Scottish Highlands is located in
1	colombia	the country of pico cristóbal colón is located in northwestern colombia. it is named after christopher	The country of Pico Cristóbal Colón is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by sergey bubka is ukraine. he was born on march 31, 1975	The country for sport played by Sergey Bubka is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerhard richter is germany.
the country of citizenship of gerhard	The country of citizenship of Gerhard Richter is
0	english	the language of a study in scarlet is one of sherlock holmes’ greatest achievements. it	The language of A Study in Scarlet is
1	english	the native language of steve harvey is english. he was born in chicago on september 17	The native language of Steve Harvey is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john newcombe is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of John Newcombe is
1	buddhism	the religion of ang lee is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for over thirty	The religion of Ang Lee is
1	russian	the native language of nicholas roerich is russian. his mother tongue was ukrainian. his father	The native language of Nicholas Roerich is
0	english	the language of some like it hot is funny because it is funny. it is funny because	The language of Some Like It Hot is
0	ethiopia	somali region is located in northeastern somalia. it covers an area of approximately 1	Somali Region is located in
0	rome	the residence of grazia deledda is located in via delle murate, near the	The residence of Grazia Deledda is
0	guitar	the instrument of heitor villa-lobos is one of brazil's greatest treasures. it is a	The instrument of Heitor Villa-Lobos is
0	catholicism	the religion of jack dorsey is buddhism. he believes in karma. he believes in	The religion of Jack Dorsey is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walther bothe is germany.
walther bothe was born on	The country of citizenship of Walther Bothe is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masatoshi koshiba is japan. masatoshi koshiba was born on	The country of citizenship of Masatoshi Koshiba is
1	french	the native language of jeanne calment is french. she was born on july 17, 18	The native language of Jeanne Calment is
1	australia	the country of a-league is australia. the country of mls is usa. the	The country of A-League is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of karl von frisch is austria. he was born on april 9th 1899	The country of citizenship of Karl von Frisch is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gilles de rais is unknown. his father was gilles de raisin	The country of citizenship of Gilles de Rais is
0	worldwide	the operating area of fifa is huge. it covers football around the world, including	The operating area of FIFA is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of southern metropolis daily is similar to that of china daily. it consists of	The newspaper format of Southern Metropolis Daily is
1	germany	the country of bochum is located in germany. it is situated in north rh	The country of Bochum is
1	atlanta	the headquarters location of delta air lines is located in atlanta, georgia. delta air lines is	The headquarters location of Delta Air Lines is
1	arizona	gila river is located in southwestern arizona near tucson. it flows north through arizona	Gila River is located in
1	spain	the country of citizenship of lucas vázquez de ayllón is spain. lucas vázquez de ayll	The country of citizenship of Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón is
0	dutch	the native language of aletta jacobs is afrikaans. she was born in johannesburg	The native language of Aletta Jacobs is
0	australia	the country of 2000 summer olympics is greece. the city of athens is the capital city	The country of 2000 Summer Olympics is
1	violin	the instrument of leon belasco is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Leon Belasco is
1	italy	the country of livorno is located in italy's northern region of emilia rom	The country of Livorno is
1	basketball	the sport played by bob pettit is basketball. he plays basketball for fun. he plays	The sport played by Bob Pettit is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of ram khamhaeng is thailand. he was born in thailand on april 26	The country of citizenship of Ram Khamhaeng is
1	a	the blood type of yukio mishima is abo type o. his father was a japanese	The blood type of Yukio Mishima is
1	japanese	the native language of hideaki anno is japanese. he has been living in japan since he	The native language of Hideaki Anno is
1	poverty	homelessness is facet of poverty

homelessness is a facet of	homelessness is facet of
1	germany	thuringia is located in central germany. it borders bavaria to the north	Thuringia is located in
0	admiral	the military rank of michael viii palaiologos is unclear. he was styled emperor by contemporaries, but	The military rank of Michael VIII Palaiologos is
0	brown	the eye color of princess leia is blue. she wears blue clothes. she wears blue	The eye color of Princess Leia is
1	germany	the original country of raising a flag over the reichstag is germany. however, since germany is now part of	The original country of Raising a flag over the Reichstag is
0	slovakia	the country of slovak paradise is located in central europe. it is situated between austria	The country of Slovak Paradise is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alberto sordi is italy. alberto sordi was born on january	The country of citizenship of Alberto Sordi is
1	chile	the country of citizenship of augusto pinochet is chile. he was born in 1925 in santiago de	The country of citizenship of Augusto Pinochet is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of david alfaro siqueiros is cuba. he was born in havana on march 31	The country of citizenship of David Alfaro Siqueiros is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of max schmeling is germany. he was born in munich on april 26	The country of citizenship of Max Schmeling is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of henry lawson is australia. his birthplace is unknown. his parents were	The country of citizenship of Henry Lawson is
1	europe	the continent of austrian empire is located in central europe. it is bounded by germany	The continent of Austrian Empire is
1	english	the native language of leslie lamport is english. he has written books on computer science,	The native language of Leslie Lamport is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of christian okoye is nigeria. christian okoye was born on august	The country of citizenship of Christian Okoye is
1	sultan	the noble title of hassanal bolkiah is sultan abdul rahman mujahid shah ibni sultan	The noble title of Hassanal Bolkiah is
1	english	the official language of namibia is english. however, namibia has a variety of	The official language of Namibia is
1	massachusetts	john quincy adams birthplace is located in quincy massachusetts. it was built in 1765 by	John Quincy Adams Birthplace is located in
0	jazz	the genre of bix beiderbecke is difficult to define. he was born in germany in	The genre of Bix Beiderbecke is
1	german	the official language of zürich is swiss german. however, english is widely spoken in	The official language of Zürich is
0	motown	the record label of jackie jackson is releasing a new album by jackie jackson called “	The record label of Jackie Jackson is
1	islam	the religion of liaquat ali khan is islam. he was born in hyderabad on december	The religion of Liaquat Ali Khan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of camille du locle is france.
the nationality of camille du loc	The country of citizenship of Camille du Locle is
1	hinduism	the religion of vidya balan is hinduism. she believes in god. she believes	The religion of Vidya Balan is
1	russia	the country of krasnoyarsk is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Krasnoyarsk is
0	violin	the instrument of charleene closshey is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Charleene Closshey is
1	ghana	the country of citizenship of jackie appiah is ghana. jackie appiah nationality is ghanaian.	The country of citizenship of Jackie Appiah is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takeshi kitano is japan. takeshi kitano was born on august	The country of citizenship of Takeshi Kitano is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of henry ii, holy roman emperor is germany. his father was frederick barbarossa,	The country of citizenship of Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor is
0	christmas	december named after him.

references

external links	December named after
1	baseball	the sport played by dave dravecky is baseball. he plays for the oakland athletics. his	The sport played by Dave Dravecky is
0	english	the language of taxi driver is littered with references to film history. the film opens	The language of Taxi Driver is
1	hinduism	the religion of ram baran yadav is hinduism. he belongs to yadav caste.	The religion of Ram Baran Yadav is
1	english	the language of the brady bunch is english. the language of the brady bunch is	The language of The Brady Bunch is
1	germany	the country of university of münster is located in germany. it is situated in westph	The country of University of Münster is
0	baseball	the sport played by neal heaton is called hockey. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Neal Heaton is
1	hindi	the language of dilwale dulhania le jayenge is hindi. hindi is spoken by more than 400 million	The language of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge is
1	russian	the native language of anna akhmatova is russian. she was born in 1895 in petrograd	The native language of Anna Akhmatova is
1	french	the language used in new brunswick is english. french is spoken by about 10% of	The language used in New Brunswick is
0	concrete	the material used in bridge of the americas is manufactured by a company called titan materials inc., which	The material used in Bridge of the Americas is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of vanness wu is taiwan.
the country of citizenship of vanness	The country of citizenship of Vanness Wu is
1	islam	the religion of prince aly khan is islam. he was born in india on september 23	The religion of Prince Aly Khan is
1	italian	the official language of naples is italian. however, english is widely spoken in naples	The official language of Naples is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of naoko takeuchi is japan. naoko takeuchi is married to yosh	The country of citizenship of Naoko Takeuchi is
1	ukraine	the country of luhansk oblast is located in eastern ukraine. it is situated between donetsk	The country of Luhansk Oblast is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans zimmer is germany. hans zimmer was born hans zimmermann on	The country of citizenship of Hans Zimmer is
1	senegal	the country of citizenship of youssou n’dour is senegal. he was born in senegal in 1944.	The country of citizenship of Youssou N’Dour is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of diego de almagro is peru. he was born in lima on april 26	The country of citizenship of Diego de Almagro is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sarvepalli radhakrishnan is india. he was born on april 26, 1888	The country of citizenship of Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan is
0	saxony	leipzig is located in eastern germany and is situated on the river elbe	Leipzig is located in
1	french	the native language of anne golon is french. she lives in paris with her husband and	The native language of Anne Golon is
0	count	the noble title of louis vi of france is often attributed to louis vii of france. however,	The noble title of Louis VI of France is
1	nigeria	the country of igbo is located in southeastern nigeria. it is bounded by nigeria	The country of Igbo is
0	republic	the basic form of government of east timor is parliamentary democracy. the constitution provides for freedom of speech	The basic form of government of East Timor is
1	france	the country for sport played by rené lacoste is france. the country for sport played by rené	The country for sport played by René Lacoste is
1	pitcher	the team position of carl erskine is unclear. he has been listed as a pitcher,	The team position of Carl Erskine is
1	french	the native language of marguerite yourcenar is french. she was born in paris in 1922.	The native language of Marguerite Yourcenar is
0	english	the language of the hobbit is tolkien's own invention, but it is based on	The language of The Hobbit is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of carl linnaeus is sweden. carl linnaeus was born on december	The country of citizenship of Carl Linnaeus is
0	russia	the original country of kvn is vietnam. however, due to political reasons, k	The original country of KVN is
0	black	the eye color of shilpa shetty is dark brown. she has dark brown eyes. sh	The eye color of Shilpa Shetty is
0	metz	the capital of lorraine is nancy. it is located in northeastern france. it	The capital of Lorraine is
1	khan	the noble title of genghis khan is often misunderstood. it is often thought of as a	The noble title of Genghis Khan is
1	guitar	the instrument of ronny cox is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Ronny Cox is
0	catalonia	aragon shares a border with spain and france. it is located in northeastern spain	Aragon shares a border with
0	pitcher	the team position of woody williams is unclear. he has been listed as a linebacker,	The team position of Woody Williams is
0	li	the family name of mason lee is derived from his father's surname, lee. his	The family name of Mason Lee is
1	virginia	battle of appomattox court house is located in virginia. it was fought april 9–10,	Battle of Appomattox Court House is located in
1	netherlands	the country of leiden university is situated in holland. it is situated in the netherlands	The country of Leiden University is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of ireland is monarchy. the monarch is represented by a governor-	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Ireland is
1	russia	the country of history of moscow is russia. moscow is located in russia. moscow is	The country of history of Moscow is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of loránd eötvös is hungary. he was born in budapest on april 26	The country of citizenship of Loránd Eötvös is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of kim clijsters is belgium. she is married to marcos baghdatis.	The country of citizenship of Kim Clijsters is
0	english	the language of american psycho is littered with references to pop culture. references to movies	The language of American Psycho is
0	albanians	the ethnic group of skanderbeg is albanian. his father was albanian and his	The ethnic group of Skanderbeg is
1	france	the original country of l'atalante is france. however, it has been translated into many	The original country of L'Atalante is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of tsai ing-wen is taiwan. she was born in taiwan on april 25	The country of citizenship of Tsai Ing-wen is
0	thanksgiving	the public holiday of alberta is celebrated on july 1st. it is called alberta	The public holiday of Alberta is
0	aragon	catalonia shares a border with france and spain. it has been ruled by separatists	Catalonia shares a border with
1	russia	the original country of siberian husky is russia. siberian huskies are descendants of dogs brought	The original country of Siberian Husky is
0	bangladesh	the country of padma river is located in southern india. it is situated between kerala	The country of Padma River is
1	judaism	the religion of michael chabon is judaism. he was born in 1951 in berkeley,	The religion of Michael Chabon is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of satoshi tajiri is japan. satoshi tajiri was born on december 31	The country of citizenship of Satoshi Tajiri is
0	jazz	the genre of frank zappa is difficult to define. he was a musician who wrote	The genre of Frank Zappa is
1	o	the blood type of hideki matsui is a+. his favorite food is sushi. his favorite	The blood type of Hideki Matsui is
1	islam	the religion of zine el abidine ben ali is islam. he was born in tunisia on march 31	The religion of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is
1	paper	the material used in postage stamp is usually paper or cardboard. however, there are some	The material used in postage stamp is
1	english	the native language of philip henry gosse is english. he was born in london on april 26	The native language of Philip Henry Gosse is
1	indonesia	the country of ternate sultanate is located in indonesia. it is located in eastern indonesia	The country of Ternate Sultanate is
0	french	pierre louis moreau de maupertuis writing languages

pierre louis moreau de maupertu	Pierre Louis Moreau de Maupertuis writing languages
1	islam	the religion of abu al-hariri is islam. he believes in allah and muhammad. he	The religion of Abu al-Hariri is
0	judaism	the religion of andré kertész is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1926	The religion of André Kertész is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of abdul halim of kedah is malaysia. abdul halim was born in ked	The country of citizenship of Abdul Halim of Kedah is
1	voltage	electrical resistance calculated from the measured voltage drop across the resistor. this method	electrical resistance calculated from
1	california	sequoiadendron giganteum endemic to california. it grows in coastal forests and woodland slopes	Sequoiadendron giganteum endemic to
0	tenor	the voice type of jose llana is male. jose llana belongs to hispanic ethnicity.	The voice type of Jose Llana is
1	english	the language used in england is english. english is spoken by people who live in	The language used in England is
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul landowski is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Landowski is
1	spanish	the official language of ushuaia is spanish. english is spoken by many locals and tourists	The official language of Ushuaia is
1	portugal	madeira is located in portugal's atlantic ocean coast, south of lisbon.	Madeira is located in
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of ferenc puskás is hungary. he was born in budapest on march 31	The country of citizenship of Ferenc Puskás is
1	baseball	the sport played by jerry koosman is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Jerry Koosman is
1	spain	the country of cave of el castillo is located in northern spain. it is located in the	The country of Cave of El Castillo is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of silvio berlusconi is italy. he was born in milan on march 26	The country of citizenship of Silvio Berlusconi is
1	russia	the country for sport played by khabib nurmagomedov is russia. he has been living there for years.	The country for sport played by Khabib Nurmagomedov is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of luís vaz de torres is portugal.
the country of citizenship of maria teresa	The country of citizenship of Luís Vaz de Torres is
0	judaism	the religion of zooey deschanel is buddhism. she has been practicing buddhism for years.	The religion of Zooey Deschanel is
0	leinster	county westmeath is located in ireland. it is situated in ireland's midlands region	County Westmeath is located in
1	russia	mongolia shares a border with china and russia, but has been isolated from them	Mongolia shares a border with
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of victor sjöström is sweden. victor sjöström was	The country of citizenship of Victor Sjöström is
1	english	the native language of nathan gamble is english. he grew up in england and moved to	The native language of Nathan Gamble is
0	england	the original country of cricket is india. it was invented by hindus. hindus invented	The original country of cricket is
1	pakistan	gilgit-baltistan is territory claimed by pakistan but administered by pakistan’s ally china	Gilgit-Baltistan is territory claimed by
0	chinese	the language of shan hai jing is difficult to understand for many people. it is difficult	The language of Shan Hai Jing is
1	italy	the country of lombardy is located in northern italy. it is bounded by switzerland	The country of Lombardy is
1	turkey	the country of dardanelles is situated on the eastern coast of turkey. it is	The country of Dardanelles is
0	france	the original country of asterix is gaul. however, in asterix & obel	The original country of Asterix is
1	english	the language of democracy now! is english. however, we recognize that many people who	The language of Democracy Now! is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of fedor von bock is germany. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Fedor von Bock is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of dezső gyarmati is hungary. he was born in budapest on april 26	The country of citizenship of Dezső Gyarmati is
1	lithuanian	the official language of lithuania is lithuanian. lithuanian is spoken by approximately 95	The official language of Lithuania is
1	germany	the country of krefeld is located in germany. it is situated in north rh	The country of Krefeld is
1	cuba	the country of havana is located in cuba. it is situated on cuba's	The country of Havana is
0	catholicism	the religion of paul scoon is christianity. he was born on april 26th,	The religion of Paul Scoon is
0	turkey	the country of tatar is located in eastern europe. it is situated between russia	The country of Tatar is
1	liberty	the main subject of on liberty is freedom. it is freedom from coercion and compulsion.	The main subject of On Liberty is
1	europe	the continent of ukrainian soviet socialist republic is located in eastern europe. it is situated between europe	The continent of Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander rodchenko is russia. he was born in moscow on march 31	The country of citizenship of Alexander Rodchenko is
1	joseph	joe fortunato given name joseph francis fortunato is an american actor best	Joe Fortunato given name
1	china	the original country of romance of the three kingdoms is china. however, it has been translated into many	The original country of Romance of the Three Kingdoms is
1	hinduism	the religion of madhuri dixit is hinduism. she believes in hinduism. she	The religion of Madhuri Dixit is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges perec is france. perec was born in paris on april	The country of citizenship of Georges Perec is
1	iran	the country of yazd province is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by tehran	The country of Yazd Province is
0	switzerland	the original country of white chocolate is venezuela. it was invented by venezuelan chef francisco sanchez	The original country of white chocolate is
0	islam	the religion of abu nuwas is known to us only through his poetry. his poetry	The religion of Abu Nuwas is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by omar khayyám is persian, arabic, turkish, english, french,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Omar Khayyám is
1	france	the original country of steak tartare is france. it was created by chefs in paris in	The original country of steak tartare is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-auguste renoir is france. his nationality is french. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Auguste Renoir is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of dayo okeniyi is nigeria. dayo okeniyi was born	The country of citizenship of Dayo Okeniyi is
0	russian	innokenty annensky writing languages

innokenty annensky writing	Innokenty Annensky writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of gichin funakoshi is japan. gichin funakoshi was born	The country of citizenship of Gichin Funakoshi is
0	annapolis	the capital of maryland is baltimore city. baltimore city is located in maryland.	The capital of Maryland is
1	malay	the official language of malacca sultanate is malay language. however, english language is widely	The official language of Malacca sultanate is
1	plumbing	the product or material produced of plumbing is called plumbing fixture. it is used for drinking water	The product or material produced of plumbing is
1	dvd	compact disc is followed by dvd disc which is followed by bluray disc which	Compact Disc is followed by
1	joseph	joey graceffa given name is joseph anthony graceffa. he was born	Joey Graceffa given name
0	pitcher	the team position of rick aguilera is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Rick Aguilera is
1	geneva	the headquarters location of international organization for migration is located in geneva, switzerland. its headquarters location is	The headquarters location of International Organization for Migration is
0	hinduism	the religion of shivnarine chanderpaul is cricket. he worships it with a fervour	The religion of Shivnarine Chanderpaul is
0	switzerland	the country of international organization for migration is located in central asia. it consists of kazakhstan,	The country of International Organization for Migration is
0	english	the language of goodnight moon is simple and straightforward. it uses simple vocabulary and simple	The language of Goodnight Moon is
0	english	the native language of ian paisley is ulster scots. he was born in belfast in 1926	The native language of Ian Paisley is
1	piano	the instrument of van cliburn is one of the finest pianos ever built. it	The instrument of Van Cliburn is
1	australia	the country of torres strait is located between australia and papua new guinea. it is	The country of Torres Strait is
0	islam	the religion of waheeda rehman is hinduism. she believes in god shiva. she	The religion of Waheeda Rehman is
0	baseball	the sport played by ricky bottalico is called rugby league football. it is played by millions	The sport played by Ricky Bottalico is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of selim iii is turkey. he was born in istanbul on april 9	The country of citizenship of Selim III is
0	catholicism	the religion of ojibwe is based on traditional beliefs and practices. the traditional beliefs	The religion of Ojibwe is
0	brown	the eye color of alyssa milano is blue. she has blonde hair. she is 5	The eye color of Alyssa Milano is
0	russia	the basin country of sea of azov is located in southeastern ukraine. it is bounded by ukraine	The basin country of Sea of Azov is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of mike vanderjagt is usa. mike vanderjagt nationality is american	The country of citizenship of Mike Vanderjagt is
1	brown	the eye color of katharine mcphee is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Katharine McPhee is
1	wyoming	cheyenne is capital of wyoming and is located in wyoming county. it lies	Cheyenne is capital of
0	french	the language used in brussels-capital region is dutch. however, there are many people who speak	The language used in Brussels-Capital Region is
1	arabic	the language used in saudi arabia is arabic. arabic is spoken by muslims and christians alike	The language used in Saudi Arabia is
1	orange	the color of tangerine is orange yellow to orange yellow with yellow tones. it	The color of tangerine is
1	german	the native language of henry e. steinway is german. he was born in germany on september 26	The native language of Henry E. Steinway is
1	france	the country of louis vuitton is located in france. it is situated in western europe	The country of Louis Vuitton is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by cornelio saavedra: is spoken spanish, written spanish, is written spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Cornelio Saavedra: is
0	art	the genre of georgia o'keeffe is abstract expressionism. she was born in wisconsin in	The genre of Georgia O'Keeffe is
1	france	the country of citizenship of napoleon ii is disputed. his father was born in france, his	The country of citizenship of Napoleon II is
1	brno	the capital of moravia is brno. it is situated on the banks of	The capital of Moravia is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of jahangir khan is pakistan. jahangir khan was born on august	The country of citizenship of Jahangir Khan is
0	forward	the team position of roberto baggio is one of football's greatest mysteries. he was one	The team position of Roberto Baggio is
1	english	the language of king james version is english language. it is translated from hebrew bible.	The language of King James Version is
1	english	the language of today tonight is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of Today Tonight is
1	russia	the original country of soyuz is russia. it was developed by soviet engineers in 1957	The original country of Soyuz is
1	murder	albert fish convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

albert fish was	Albert Fish convicted of
0	shandong	jinan is located in china's southeastern jiangxi province. it is situated	Jinan is located in
0	english	the language of the birds of america is rich with symbolism and metaphor. birds are metaphors for	The language of The Birds of America is
1	finland	the country of urho kekkonen national park is located in finland. it covers an area of about	The country of Urho Kekkonen National Park is
1	istanbul	the residence of orhan pamuk is located in istanbul’s sultanahmet district	The residence of Orhan Pamuk is
0	clemens	the family name of mark twain is synonymous with humor. his humor was so popular that	The family name of Mark Twain is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of new taipei city is located at taipei municipal building. the office is	The office held by head of government of New Taipei City is
1	english	the native language of david ogden stiers is english. he was born in chicago on september 26	The native language of David Ogden Stiers is
1	egypt	the country of cairo is located in egypt. cairo is egypt's capital city	The country of Cairo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tanaka hisashige is japan. tanaka hisashige is married to tanaka	The country of citizenship of Tanaka Hisashige is
1	austria	the country of salzburg is located in austria. it is situated in austria's	The country of Salzburg is
1	french	the native language of louis gallet is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Louis Gallet is
1	guitar	the instrument of bobby sherwood is a guitar that has been around for decades. it	The instrument of Bobby Sherwood is
1	belarus	minsk is located in belarus. it is situated on the river nerodon	Minsk is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoshiharu habu is japan. he was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Yoshiharu Habu is
1	italian	the language of tosca is italian, but it is not spoken by anyone except	The language of Tosca is
1	ukraine	the country of kirovohrad oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between kiev	The country of Kirovohrad Oblast is
1	o	the blood type of bae yong-joon is a+, which means he is allergic to blood type	The blood type of Bae Yong-joon is
1	scots	the language used in shetland islands is scots gaelic. it is spoken by about 5	The language used in Shetland Islands is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of adam goodes is australia. he is an australian citizen. he is	The country of citizenship of Adam Goodes is
0	german	the language of das lied der deutschen is difficult to translate because it is composed of words that	The language of Das Lied der Deutschen is
0	france	the country of citizenship of didier drogba is ivory coast. didier drogba was born	The country of citizenship of Didier Drogba is
1	ukraine	dnipropetrovsk oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated in southwestern ukraine,	Dnipropetrovsk Oblast is located in
1	iraq	kuwait shares a border with saudi arabia and iraq. its oil reserves are estimated	Kuwait shares a border with
1	germany	the country of berlin is located in northern germany. it is situated between poland	The country of Berlin is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of dan o'herlihy is ireland. dan o'herlihy was	The country of citizenship of Dan O'Herlihy is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dino buzzati is italy.
the country of citizenship of dino buzz	The country of citizenship of Dino Buzzati is
0	psychiatry	anxiety disorder is studied by researchers at ucla.

the researchers found that	anxiety disorder is studied by
0	french	the native language of annie fratellini is italian. she was born in italy and moved to	The native language of Annie Fratellini is
0	baseball	the sport played by jason thompson is called basketball. it is played by jason thompson.	The sport played by Jason Thompson is
1	english	the official language of belize is english. spanish is spoken by many people in bel	The official language of Belize is
1	madagascar	the country of antsirabe is located in southwest madagascar. it is situated in the	The country of Antsirabe is
0	asia	the continent of istanbul is located in turkey. it is situated between europe and	The continent of Istanbul is
1	spain	the country of donostia-san sebastian is located in northern spain. it is situated on the	The country of Donostia-San Sebastian is
1	slovenia	the country of lake cerknica is located in central slovenia. it is situated between slovenia	The country of Lake Cerknica is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of milutin milanković is serbian. he was born in belgrade on april	The ethnic group of Milutin Milanković is
1	india	the country of dwarka is located in gujarat state of india. it is situated	The country of Dwarka is
1	english	the native language of lorne lanning is english. he was born in toronto, ontario,	The native language of Lorne Lanning is
1	kazakhstan	almaty is located in kazakhstan, central asia. it is situated on kazakhstan	Almaty is located in
0	tenor	the voice type of karel gott is unmistakable. it is deep and resonant,	The voice type of Karel Gott is
1	australia	budgerigar endemic to australia

the budgerigar endemic species	Budgerigar endemic to
1	blue	the eye color of kathleen kinmont is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Kathleen Kinmont is
0	golf	the sport played by robert j. wilke is called "football". it is played by teams of	The sport played by Robert J. Wilke is
1	murder	larry hoover convicted of murder in 1981; sentenced to death; pardoned	Larry Hoover convicted of
1	russia	the country for sport played by anatoly karpov is russia. the country for sport played by anatoly	The country for sport played by Anatoly Karpov is
0	catholicism	the religion of david henrie is christianity. he was born on august 31, 18	The religion of David Henrie is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of jusepe de ribera is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Jusepe de Ribera is
1	o	the blood type of nichkhun is ab+. he has been married to actress kim hy	The blood type of Nichkhun is
1	guitar	the instrument of michael pitt is a guitar that looks like a guitar but isn't	The instrument of Michael Pitt is
1	spanish	the language used in el salvador is spanish. spanish is spoken by most people in el	The language used in El Salvador is
1	blue	the eye color of monica keena is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Monica Keena is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of england is located in northwestern europe. it is bounded by scotland	The continent of Kingdom of England is
1	colonel	the military rank of margarethe cammermeyer is lieutenant colonel. she is married to colonel hans cam	The military rank of Margarethe Cammermeyer is
1	spain	the country of alcalá de henares is located in spain. it has a population of about	The country of Alcalá de Henares is
1	saxony	dresden is capital of saxony and germany’s oldest city.	Dresden is capital of
0	112	the emergency phone number of east timor is (+670) 762-000. the emergency	The emergency phone number of East Timor is
0	republic	the basic form of government of north vietnam is communism. communism is based on marxism-leninism	The basic form of government of North Vietnam is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of franz schubert is austria. his birthplace is eisenstadt in austria.	The country of citizenship of Franz Schubert is
0	cumbria	hadrian's wall is located in northern england, near hadrian's birthplace of chester	Hadrian's Wall is located in
1	iran	the country of citizenship of faramarz payvar is iran. faramarz payvar is married to	The country of citizenship of Faramarz Payvar is
0	baseball	the sport played by mike mccormick is called hockey. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Mike McCormick is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl friedrich schinkel is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Karl Friedrich Schinkel is
0	english	the language of the christian science monitor is copyrighted by christopher publications incorporated. any reproduction or	The language of The Christian Science Monitor is
1	germany	saxony-anhalt is located in northern germany. it borders poland to the west,	Saxony-Anhalt is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of horiguchi daigaku is japan.
the country of citizenship of horig	The country of citizenship of Horiguchi Daigaku is
1	epic	the genre of iliad is epic poetry. it is written in greek language.	The genre of Iliad is
0	poetry	the genre of abraham cowley is difficult to define. his poems are often satirical,	The genre of Abraham Cowley is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of nellie mcclung is canada. she was born in ontario on july 31	The country of citizenship of Nellie McClung is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johannes stark is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Johannes Stark is
1	italy	the country of florence is located in italy. it is situated in northern italy	The country of Florence is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alphonse daudet is france.
the country of citizenship of charles dickens	The country of citizenship of Alphonse Daudet is
1	hindi	the native language of ranbir kapoor is hindi. he has been learning english since childhood.	The native language of Ranbir Kapoor is
1	japanese	the native language of ozaki kōyō is japanese. he was born in tokyo on april 9	The native language of Ozaki Kōyō is
1	indonesia	the country of north sumatra is located in indonesia. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of North Sumatra is
1	guitar	the instrument of john lombardo is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of John Lombardo is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of pietro perugino is italy. he was born in florence around 1450	The country of citizenship of Pietro Perugino is
1	catholicism	the religion of ante pavelić is croatian catholicism. he was born in croatia on april	The religion of Ante Pavelić is
1	catholicism	the religion of luis echeverría is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1944	The religion of Luis Echeverría is
0	buddhism	the religion of lu zhishen is not known. his father was lu zhongyi	The religion of Lu Zhishen is
0	piano	the instrument of mitsuko uchida is one of those rare instruments that can be heard as	The instrument of Mitsuko Uchida is
0	jazz	the genre of phil harris is comedy. his comedy is satire. his satire is	The genre of Phil Harris is
1	hinduism	the religion of indira gandhi is hinduism. she was born on october 31,	The religion of Indira Gandhi is
1	france	the country of cubism is france. it is a country of great artists.	The country of Cubism is
1	ukraine	ukrainian is indigenous to ukraine and belongs to ukrainian language group. ukrainian language	Ukrainian is indigenous to
0	emi	the record label of kraftwerk is releasing a new album called autobahn. it�	The record label of Kraftwerk is
1	latvia	riga is located in latvia’s capital city of latvia’	Riga is located in
0	jazz	the genre of anthony braxton is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Anthony Braxton is
0	english	the native language of jeffrey dahmer is german. he was born in milwaukee on november 29	The native language of Jeffrey Dahmer is
1	indonesia	the country of pontianak is located in west java province, indonesia. it is	The country of Pontianak is
0	forward	the team position of dixie dean is unclear. he was listed as a midfielder in some	The team position of Dixie Dean is
1	english	the native language of nelson rockefeller is english. his mother was born in england. his	The native language of Nelson Rockefeller is
1	french	the official language of republic of the congo is french. english is spoken by many people in urban	The official language of Republic of the Congo is
1	jazz	the genre of jimmy dorsey is jazz music. it is jazz music that has been	The genre of Jimmy Dorsey is
1	c	microsoft windows programming language

microsoft windows programming languages are programming languages used	Microsoft Windows programming language
0	lansing	the capital of michigan is detroit. detroit is located in michigan. detroit is	The capital of Michigan is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of robert lewandowski is poland. he was born on january 19th 1985	The country of citizenship of Robert Lewandowski is
1	venezuela	trinidad and tobago shares a border with venezuela and guyana. it is located south of	Trinidad and Tobago shares a border with
1	russian	the official language of kazakhstan is kazakh. russian is spoken by many ethnic russians living	The official language of Kazakhstan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of peter weir is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Peter Weir is
0	pretoria	the capital of south african republic is johannesburg. johannesburg is located in south africa	The capital of South African Republic is
0	jazz	the genre of mary lou williams is difficult to define. she was born in 1915 in	The genre of Mary Lou Williams is
0	asia	the continent of islamabad is located in pakistan. islamabad is located in pakistan's	The continent of Islamabad is
1	finnish	the language of kalevala is finnish. finnish is spoken by about 5 million people	The language of Kalevala is
1	palermo	the capital of sicily is palermo. it is located on italy's	The capital of Sicily is
0	buddhism	the religion of trần thánh tông is unknown. his father was trần	The religion of Trần Thánh Tông is
1	italy	the original country of risotto is italy. it was invented by monks in sicily who	The original country of risotto is
1	amman	the capital of jordan is amman. it is located in northern jordan near	The capital of Jordan is
1	e	the language used in guangxi zhuang autonomous region is similar to that used in guangzhou city. however	The language used in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region is
1	baseball	the sport played by dennis martínez is baseball. but his favorite sport is soccer. he	The sport played by Dennis Martínez is
0	piano	the instrument of jamie foxx is not only his voice but his charisma as well.	The instrument of Jamie Foxx is
0	baritone	the voice type of mattia battistini is italian. his birthday is on 26th february 1965	The voice type of Mattia Battistini is
1	denmark	copenhagen is capital of denmark and has been since 1953. it is located	Copenhagen is capital of
1	baseball	the sport played by mickey lolich is baseball. he was born in detroit on july 31	The sport played by Mickey Lolich is
0	english	the native language of james buchanan is scottish gaelic. his mother was scottish gaelic	The native language of James Buchanan is
1	hinduism	the religion of omi vaidya is hinduism. he believes in god shiva. he	The religion of Omi Vaidya is
1	english	the language of abbey road is english, but it is not english as spoken by	The language of Abbey Road is
1	a	the blood type of kiyoshi hikawa is a+. his father is hikawa masaki who	The blood type of Kiyoshi Hikawa is
1	baseball	the sport played by hank greenberg is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Hank Greenberg is
1	treason	carl von ossietzky convicted of treason

carl von ossietzky was	Carl von Ossietzky convicted of
0	brown	the eye color of claudia cardinale is one of her best known attributes. she was born	The eye color of Claudia Cardinale is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois-noël babeuf is france. françois-noël babeuf was	The country of citizenship of François-Noël Babeuf is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of germain henri hess is germany.
the country of citizenship of karl ludwig	The country of citizenship of Germain Henri Hess is
0	poetry	the genre of josé cadalso is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of José Cadalso is
1	handball	the sport played by handball-bundesliga is played with teams from germany and austria. the league	The sport played by Handball-Bundesliga is
1	altitude	the measured physical quantity of height above mean sea level is usually referred to as altitude. the altitude is measured	The measured physical quantity of height above mean sea level is
0	corruption	hosni mubarak convicted of complicity in murder of protesters published duration 11 february 2011	Hosni Mubarak convicted of
0	baron	the noble title of peter ustinov is derived from his father's surname, which was originally	The noble title of Peter Ustinov is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of paul scully-power is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Scully-Power is
1	vietnamese	the official language of hanoi is vietnamese. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Hanoi is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of yehudi menuhin is israel. he was born in jerusalem on april 26	The country of citizenship of Yehudi Menuhin is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of margraviate of brandenburg is feudal monarchy. the ruler is called margrave (	The basic form of government of Margraviate of Brandenburg is
1	finland	the original country of nightwish is finland. however, since 2003, they have been	The original country of Nightwish is
0	kannada	the official language of hoysala empire is tamil language. however, sanskrit language was used by	The official language of Hoysala Empire is
1	english	the language of gunsmoke is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of Gunsmoke is
1	taiwan	taipei is located in taiwan, republic of china (taiwan). it	Taipei is located in
1	wales	the original country of welsh corgi is wales. however, there are many breeds of dogs	The original country of Welsh Corgi is
1	latin	the native language of pliny the elder is latin. his writings are preserved in latin translations.	The native language of Pliny the Elder is
1	russia	the country of vladikavkaz is located in northern caucasus region of russia. it is	The country of Vladikavkaz is
1	france	the original country of can-can is believed to have originated in france during the late nineteenth	The original country of can-can is
1	argentina	the country for sport played by helenio herrera is argentina. helenio herrera was born on january 13	The country for sport played by Helenio Herrera is
0	nepal	the country of citizenship of ram baran yadav is india. his nationality is indian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Ram Baran Yadav is
0	yugoslavia	the country of citizenship of ivan meštrović is croatia. he was born in croatia in 1883	The country of citizenship of Ivan Meštrović is
1	spain	the country of melilla is located on spain's northern coast, bordering morocco.	The country of Melilla is
1	turkish	the language of bizimkiler is turkish. it is spoken by about 1 million people	The language of Bizimkiler is
1	yemen	aden is capital of yemen and is located on yemen's southern coast.	Aden is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of lily-rose depp is france.
the country of citizenship of vanessa parad	The country of citizenship of Lily-Rose Depp is
0	bp	anglo-persian oil company is followed by a series of oil companies that are owned by saudi	Anglo-Persian Oil Company is followed by
1	islam	the religion of abu bakr ibn umar is islam. he was born in medina in 676	The religion of Abu Bakr ibn Umar is
1	germany	the country of university of stuttgart is located in germany. it is situated in bad cann	The country of University of Stuttgart is
0	brown	the eye color of bonnie-jill laflin is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Bonnie-Jill Laflin is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gustave doré is unknown. he was born in paris around 1832	The country of citizenship of Gustave Doré is
1	france	the country of french colonial empire is now divided into two nations: france and algeria.	The country of French colonial empire is
1	german	the native language of gerhart hauptmann is german. his novels are written in german. his	The native language of Gerhart Hauptmann is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão figueiredo is angola. he was born on january 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of João Figueiredo is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of carlos saura is spain. his nationality is spanish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Carlos Saura is
1	blues	the genre of big bill broonzy is blues music. his style is blues music. his	The genre of Big Bill Broonzy is
0	english	the language used in sint maarten (dutch part) is dutch. dutch is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Sint Maarten (Dutch part) is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of béla bartók is hungary. he was born in budapest on march 28	The country of citizenship of Béla Bartók is
0	france	the country of citizenship of valery larbaud is russia. he was born in moscow on march 31	The country of citizenship of Valery Larbaud is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of chiang ching-kuo is taiwan.

the country of citizenship of ch	The country of citizenship of Chiang Ching-kuo is
1	baseball	the sport played by jon lester is baseball. he throws hard, throws strikes, throws	The sport played by Jon Lester is
1	lebanon	the country of sidon is situated on lebanon's southern coast. it is located	The country of Sidon is
1	o	the blood type of walter catlett is ab negative. his blood type is determined by testing	The blood type of Walter Catlett is
1	tbilisi	the capital of georgia is tbilisi. it is located in southwestern georgia	The capital of Georgia is
1	english	the native language of matthew prior is english. his father was a clergyman who died	The native language of Matthew Prior is
1	sweden	the country of ericsson is located in sweden. it is situated in northern europe	The country of Ericsson is
0	ios	the platform of pokémon go is built on google maps api. this means that you	The platform of Pokémon Go is
1	egypt	the country of giza pyramid complex is located in egypt. it is one of the oldest	The country of Giza pyramid complex is
0	turki	the official language of khanate of sibir is [mask].[1]
the language is spoken by about	The official language of Khanate of Sibir is [MASK]
0	canada	the country of citizenship of martha wainwright is scotland. she was born in edinburgh on april 26	The country of citizenship of Martha Wainwright is
1	cuba	havana is capital of cuba. it is located on havana bay on cuba	Havana is capital of
0	lightweight	the competition class of conor mcgregor is getting bigger and bigger. after defeating jose aldo	The competition class of Conor McGregor is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of parmigianino is italy. his birthplace is unknown. his date of	The country of citizenship of Parmigianino is
1	basketball	the sport played by dolph schayes is basketball. he played basketball for ucla. he was	The sport played by Dolph Schayes is
1	islam	the religion of azhar usman is islam. he believes in allah almighty. he pray	The religion of Azhar Usman is
1	asia	the continent of french indochina is located in southeast asia. it consists of vietnam,	The continent of French Indochina is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules verne is france.
the country of citizenship of edgar allan	The country of citizenship of Jules Verne is
0	guitar	the instrument of tennessee ernie ford is one of my favorite songs of all time. i	The instrument of Tennessee Ernie Ford is
0	astronomy	galaxy group or cluster is studied by measuring its x-ray luminosity, temperature and	galaxy group or cluster is studied by
1	france	the country of alsace is located in eastern france. it is situated between switzerland	The country of Alsace is
0	linguistics	evolution of language is facet of human evolution. language is a tool for communication and	evolution of language is facet of
0	jazz	the genre of gale robbins is romance fiction. she writes contemporary romance novels with a	The genre of Gale Robbins is
1	belgium	the country of anderlecht is located in belgium. it is situated in brussels province	The country of Anderlecht is
0	africa	the continent of sokoto caliphate is located in northern nigeria. it is bounded by niger	The continent of Sokoto Caliphate is
0	lancashire	the historic county of great britain is divided into hundreds of thousands of square miles of land	The historic county of Great Britain is
1	serbian	the official language of serbia is serbian language. serbian language is spoken by more than	The official language of Serbia is
1	english	the native language of philip k. dick is english. his novels are written in english. his	The native language of Philip K. Dick is
1	islam	the religion of abdelkader el djezairi is islam. abdelkader el djezairi	The religion of Abdelkader El Djezairi is
1	guitar	the instrument of keith richards is not guitar but voice. his voice is a guitar	The instrument of Keith Richards is
0	malayalam	the language used in tamil nadu is tamil. tamil nadu is one of india's oldest	The language used in Tamil Nadu is
0	pitcher	the team position of floyd bannister is unclear. he was listed as a fullback on the	The team position of Floyd Bannister is
0	tenor	the voice type of meat loaf is male. meat loaf's ethnicity is caucasian.	The voice type of Meat Loaf is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heidi klum is germany. heidi klum nationality is german. heidi	The country of citizenship of Heidi Klum is
1	russian	the native language of sergey bodrov, jr. is russian. he speaks english fluently. he lives	The native language of Sergey Bodrov, Jr. is
0	brown	the eye color of mae west is blue. she was born marguerite ernestine	The eye color of Mae West is
1	kingston	the capital of norfolk island is kingston harbor. it is located on the eastern side	The capital of Norfolk Island is
1	hinduism	the religion of kanhoji angre is based on hinduism. he believes in hindu gods	The religion of Kanhoji Angre is
0	english	the language of united states declaration of independence is clear: “we hold these truths to be	The language of United States Declaration of Independence is
1	french	the native language of eric cantona is french. he speaks english fluently, but prefers	The native language of Eric Cantona is
0	english	the language of teletubbies is spoken by children who are born deaf or who lose	The language of Teletubbies is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles-maurice de talleyrand-périgord is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord is
1	philippines	the country of cebu city is located in southern philippines. it is one of philippines	The country of Cebu City is
0	emi	the record label of hikaru utada is universal music japan. hikaru utada is japanese	The record label of Hikaru Utada is
0	brown	the eye color of katherine kelly lang is blue. she has been married to actor michael lang	The eye color of Katherine Kelly Lang is
0	greek	the official language of kushan empire is sanskrit. kushan empire was founded by kushanas	The official language of Kushan Empire is
1	spain	gibraltar is territory claimed by spain and britain. it is located between spain and	Gibraltar is territory claimed by
1	amsterdam	the headquarters location of dutch east india company is located in amsterdam. the company was founded in 16	The headquarters location of Dutch East India Company is
0	cyclist	bicycle is used by many people to commute to work or school. however	bicycle is used by
1	japan	the country of citizenship of honinbo shusaku is japan.
honinbo shusaku is	The country of citizenship of Honinbo Shusaku is
1	pitcher	the team position of bob turley is unclear. he was listed as a pitcher on the	The team position of Bob Turley is
1	metal	the product or material produced of smelting is usually referred to as metal. the metal produced by	The product or material produced of smelting is
1	africa	the continent of blue nile is located in africa. it is bounded by ethiopia to	The continent of Blue Nile is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of ólafur elíasson is iceland. ólafur elíass	The country of citizenship of Ólafur Elíasson is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of quezon city is located at quezon city hall complex along commonwealth avenue	The office held by head of government of Quezon City is
1	english	the native language of oliver cromwell is english. he was born in huntingdon in 15	The native language of Oliver Cromwell is
0	english	the language of the chrysanthemum and the sword is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Chrysanthemum and the Sword is
1	english	the language of wagon train is english. however, there are some phrases that are	The language of Wagon Train is
1	japan	the country for sport played by kazuhiro sasaki is japan. he is a japanese footballer who plays for	The country for sport played by Kazuhiro Sasaki is
1	blue	the eye color of christa campbell is blue. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Christa Campbell is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of anatoly karpov is russia. he was born in moscow on march 9	The country of citizenship of Anatoly Karpov is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis pasteur is france. he was born on december 28, 18	The country of citizenship of Louis Pasteur is
1	buddhism	the religion of li ka-shing is buddhism. he believes in karma. he believes in	The religion of Li Ka-shing is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jacques pierre brissot is unknown. he was born in paris around 1748	The country of citizenship of Jacques Pierre Brissot is
0	france	the country of citizenship of evan spiegel is switzerland. evan spiegel is married to jessica livingston.	The country of citizenship of Evan Spiegel is
0	english	the language of the jungle book is rich with symbolism and metaphors. the jungle book is	The language of The Jungle Book is
0	english	the language of narrative of the life of frederick douglass, an american slave is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to convey	The language of Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave is
0	indonesia	the country of sumatra is located in southeast asia. it is situated between java	The country of Sumatra is
1	basketball	the sport played by pascal siakam is basketball. but his game is basketball played by someone	The sport played by Pascal Siakam is
1	russian	the native language of ayn rand is russian. she was born alisa rosenbaum in	The native language of Ayn Rand is
1	lviv	the capital of kingdom of galicia–volhynia is lviv. the city is located on river lv	The capital of Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio pozzo is italy.
the country of citizenship of luigi valent	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Pozzo is
1	greeks	the ethnic group of greece is composed of greeks and foreigners who live in greece.	The ethnic group of Greece is
0	baseball	the sport played by ellis burks is basketball. but it isn't basketball as we know	The sport played by Ellis Burks is
1	english	the official language of california is english. however, spanish is spoken by many californ	The official language of California is
1	england	hertfordshire is located in eastern england. it borders bedfordshire to the north	Hertfordshire is located in
1	india	the country of assam is situated in northeastern india. it shares borders with bangladesh	The country of Assam is
0	baseball	the sport played by shigetoshi hasegawa is called “japanese wrestling”. it is	The sport played by Shigetoshi Hasegawa is
0	french	the language of eugénie grandet is rich in metaphors and similes. the narrator compares	The language of Eugénie Grandet is
0	russian	the language of the death of ivan ilyich is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. the	The language of The Death of Ivan Ilyich is
1	stone	the material used in sagrada família is limestone quarried from quarries located in catalonia,	The material used in Sagrada Família is
1	persian	the official language of khorasan province is persian. however, turkic languages are spoken by	The official language of Khorasan Province is
0	time	the measured physical quantity of picosecond is defined as picoseconds per pulse. the	The measured physical quantity of picosecond is
1	italy	the country of university of padua is located in italy. it is situated in northern italy	The country of University of Padua is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of una o'connor is ireland. she is married to john o'connor	The country of citizenship of Una O'Connor is
1	arabic	the language used in south yemen is arabic. arabic is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in South Yemen is
1	india	the country of mira-bhayandar is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Mira-Bhayandar is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of sławomir mrożek is poland. he was born on april 26, 1975	The country of citizenship of Sławomir Mrożek is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by luiz inácio 'lula' da silva is portuguese, portuguese creole, portuguese creole sign	The languages spoken, written or signed by Luiz Inácio 'Lula' da Silva is
1	europe	the continent of byzantine empire is located in southeastern europe. it covers an area of	The continent of Byzantine Empire is
1	nintendo	the publisher of pokémon is suing nintendo over copyright infringement claims related to pokémon go	The publisher of Pokémon is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of marcus clarke is united states of america. marcus clarke nationality is american	The country of citizenship of Marcus Clarke is
0	spanish	the native language of jojo's people is japanese. she speaks japanese fluently, but she	The native language of Jojo's people is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of sezen aksu is turkey.
the country of citizenship of sezen	The country of citizenship of Sezen Aksu is
1	africa	the continent of kagera river is located in eastern africa. it is bounded by lake	The continent of Kagera River is
0	christianity	the religion of heinrich heine is difficult to define. he was born into judaism,	The religion of Heinrich Heine is
1	german	the native language of wilhelm backhaus is german. he was born on april 26th,	The native language of Wilhelm Backhaus is
0	robbery	willie sutton convicted of murder in 1957 case

willie sutton was	Willie Sutton convicted of
1	islam	the religion of khawaja nazimuddin is islam. he was born in delhi on april 26	The religion of Khawaja Nazimuddin is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of marcos pérez jiménez is cuba. he was born in havana on april 15	The country of citizenship of Marcos Pérez Jiménez is
1	optics	the main subject of opticks, or a treatise of the reflections, refractions, inflections and colours of light is optics. however, it is not merely a treat	The main subject of Opticks, or a Treatise of the Reflections, Refractions, Inflections and Colours of Light is
0	square	the publisher of final fantasy vii is suing nintendo for copyright infringement over nintendo's upcoming remake	The publisher of Final Fantasy VII is
1	christianity	the religion of andrew johnson is christianity. he was baptized by reverend john rankin	The religion of Andrew Johnson is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of geraldine heaney is ireland. geraldine heaney is a citizen of	The country of citizenship of Geraldine Heaney is
1	islam	the religion of isaiah mustafa is islam. he was born on december 31, 1969	The religion of Isaiah Mustafa is
1	brazil	the country of brasília is located in brazil's northeast region. it is located	The country of Brasília is
0	english	the language of the miseducation of lauryn hill is dense, complex, and poetic. it’	The language of The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is
1	sweden	the country of scandinavian peninsula is located in northern europe. it consists of sweden,	The country of Scandinavian Peninsula is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by la niña de los peines is spanish, english and french.

references	The languages spoken, written or signed by La Niña de los Peines is
1	argentina	the country of corrientes is located in argentina's northeast corner, bordering uruguay and	The country of Corrientes is
0	112	the emergency phone number of guinea-bissau is 08000. the emergency phone number of liberia is	The emergency phone number of Guinea-Bissau is
1	ukraine	the country of kharkiv oblast is located in eastern ukraine. it is situated between ukraine	The country of Kharkiv Oblast is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gottlieb daimler is germany. gottlieb daimler was born	The country of citizenship of Gottlieb Daimler is
1	islam	the religion of huseyn shaheed suhrawardy is islam. he was born on 21st december 1921	The religion of Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy is
1	dutch	the native language of johan cruyff is dutch. he speaks english fluently, but prefers	The native language of Johan Cruyff is
1	japan	the country of ehime prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Ehime Prefecture is
0	spain	the country of spanish civil war is one of the most fascinating periods of history. it	The country of Spanish Civil War is
0	green	the eye color of angelina jolie is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Angelina Jolie is
0	brown	the eye color of linda lovelace is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Linda Lovelace is
0	midfielder	the team position of juan alberto schiaffino is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Juan Alberto Schiaffino is
0	luxembourg	the country of european investment bank is one of the largest investors in ukraine. the bank	The country of European Investment Bank is
0	green	the eye color of ava gardner is one of hollywood's enduring mysteries.

the	The eye color of Ava Gardner is
1	baseball	the sport played by rick honeycutt is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Rick Honeycutt is
1	euro	the currency of greece is euro. visa cards are widely accepted throughout greece	The currency of Greece is
0	france	the country of auguste and louis lumière is known for its cinematography. the brothers invented cinema	The country of Auguste and Louis Lumière is
0	buddhism	the religion of yukio mishima is often misunderstood. his writings are often misinterpreted as	The religion of Yukio Mishima is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ben enwonwu is nigeria.
the country of citizenship of ben en	The country of citizenship of Ben Enwonwu is
1	basketball	the sport played by karl-anthony towns is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Karl-Anthony Towns is
1	hinduism	the religion of kittur chennamma is hinduism. she was born in kittur chen	The religion of Kittur Chennamma is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco morazán is honduras. he was born in honduras on april 26	The country of citizenship of Francisco Morazán is
0	catcher	the team position of thurman munson is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was one	The team position of Thurman Munson is
1	baseball	the sport played by dom dimaggio is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Dom DiMaggio is
0	english	the language of buried child is beautiful, but it’s also difficult to	The language of Buried Child is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of hussein of jordan is arab. hussein was born in mecca on december 25	The ethnic group of Hussein of Jordan is
0	english	the language of the poisonwood bible is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. i	The language of The Poisonwood Bible is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of frank wilczek is united states of america.
the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Frank Wilczek is
1	russians	the ethnic group of ukraine is ukrainian. ukrainians are ethnically related to russians and	The ethnic group of Ukraine is
1	paris	the headquarters location of international council on monuments and sites is located in paris, france. its headquarters are located	The headquarters location of International Council on Monuments and Sites is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew barton paterson is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Andrew Barton Paterson is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of rodolfo hoyos, jr. is mexico. rodolfo hoyos, jr.,	The country of citizenship of Rodolfo Hoyos, Jr. is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by honoré gabriel riqueti, comte de mirabeau is french, french and french.

honor	The languages spoken, written or signed by Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau is
0	english	the language of night court is hilarious. it’s funny because it�	The language of Night Court is
1	islam	the religion of faisal of saudi arabia is islam. faisal was born on november 15	The religion of Faisal of Saudi Arabia is
0	piano	the instrument of luciano berio is often described as “music theatre”.	The instrument of Luciano Berio is
1	england	west sussex is located in west sussex county, england. it is situated between	West Sussex is located in
1	wales	the original country of cardigan welsh corgi is wales. however, there are many breeds of dogs	The original country of Cardigan Welsh Corgi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giorgetto giugiaro is italy. giorgetto giugiaro was	The country of citizenship of Giorgetto Giugiaro is
1	basketball	the sport played by dave cowens is basketball. his favorite player is michael jordan. his	The sport played by Dave Cowens is
1	islam	the religion of rajah sulayman is islam. he was born in 1839 in mecca	The religion of Rajah Sulayman is
0	english	the language of bitches brew is rich with references to jazz music. the album opens	The language of Bitches Brew is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claire denis is france. claire denis nationality is french. claire denis	The country of citizenship of Claire Denis is
1	tehran	the capital of imperial state of iran is tehran. tehran is located in iran's southwestern region	The capital of Imperial State of Iran is
1	112	the emergency phone number of iceland is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Iceland is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nadia boulanger is france. nadia boulanger was born on	The country of citizenship of Nadia Boulanger is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of matsuo bashō is japan. he was born in kyoto in 1644	The country of citizenship of Matsuo Bashō is
1	bangladesh	the country of sundarbans is situated in bangladesh. it is located between bangladesh and	The country of Sundarbans is
1	india	the country of malayalam is situated in southern india. it is situated between kerala	The country of Malayalam is
1	english	the native language of emily brontë is english. she wrote her novels in english. she	The native language of Emily Brontë is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of howie morenz is canada. howie morenz was born in canada	The country of citizenship of Howie Morenz is
0	singapore	the headquarters location of asia-pacific economic cooperation is in manila, philippines. the headquarters location of asia	The headquarters location of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation is
0	christianity	the religion of marilyn monroe is shrouded in mystery. she was born norma je	The religion of Marilyn Monroe is
0	swedish	the official language of åland islands is finnish. ålanders speak finnish dialects which	The official language of Åland Islands is
1	white	the color of diamond dust is white. diamond dust is used as a filler for	The color of diamond dust is
1	cricket	the sport played by arthur conan doyle is cricket. it is played by millions of people around	The sport played by Arthur Conan Doyle is
0	asia	the continent of western chalukya empire is located in southern india. it is bounded by maharashtra	The continent of Western Chalukya Empire is
1	english	the native language of kaitlyn dever is english. she was born in chicago, illinois on	The native language of Kaitlyn Dever is
1	english	the language of mythbusters is english. however, we have included translations of some	The language of MythBusters is
0	granite	the material used in mount blackburn is not suitable for use in buildings. it is unsu	The material used in Mount Blackburn is
0	tenor	the voice type of anthony fedorov is russian. his nationality is russian. his birthplace is	The voice type of Anthony Fedorov is
1	german	the native language of willy brandt is german. he was born in berlin on april 26	The native language of Willy Brandt is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of oleh blokhin is ukraine. oleh blokhin was born on	The country of citizenship of Oleh Blokhin is
1	112	the emergency phone number of luxembourg is 112. luxembourg has been ranked as one of the	The emergency phone number of Luxembourg is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice chevalier is france. maurice chevalier was born on january	The country of citizenship of Maurice Chevalier is
1	english	the language of we choose to go to the moon is not english. it is not even american english.	The language of We choose to go to the Moon is
1	islam	the religion of osman i is islam. he was born in istanbul in 1481	The religion of Osman I is
1	arabic	the native language of faten hamama is arabic. she speaks arabic fluently. she speaks	The native language of Faten Hamama is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise hardy is france. françoise hardy nationality is french. franç	The country of citizenship of Françoise Hardy is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kyivska rus' is feudal monarchy. the ruler is called tsar (	The basic form of government of Kyivska Rus' is
1	china	the original country of traditional chinese medicine is china. however, traditional chinese medicine has been practiced	The original country of traditional Chinese medicine is
1	nintendo	the publisher of mario kart is suing nintendo over copyright infringement claims related to nintendo's	The publisher of Mario Kart is
1	italy	the country of mantua is located in northern italy. it is situated in lomb	The country of Mantua is
1	english	the language used in sierra leone is english, although there are many dialects. english	The language used in Sierra Leone is
1	peshawar	the capital of khyber pakhtunkhwa is peshawar. peshawar is located in pakistan at	The capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is
0	zaragoza	the capital of kingdom of aragon is barcelona. it is located on mediterranean sea coast of	The capital of Kingdom of Aragon is
1	ottawa	the capital of canada is ottawa, ontario. ottawa is located in ontario,	The capital of Canada is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gino bartali is italy. he was born in florence on april 26	The country of citizenship of Gino Bartali is
0	pitcher	the team position of tim lincecum is interesting. he has been one of baseball's best	The team position of Tim Lincecum is
1	english	the native language of robert harron is english. he was born in england on april 26	The native language of Robert Harron is
1	basketball	the sport played by gerald wallace is basketball. he plays basketball well. he plays basketball	The sport played by Gerald Wallace is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of allan border is australia. allan border was born on january 31,	The country of citizenship of Allan Border is
1	poetry	the genre of sorley maclean is gaelic poetry. his poems are written in gael	The genre of Sorley MacLean is
1	pakistan	the country for sport played by imran khan is pakistan. he has played cricket for pakistan since 1989	The country for sport played by Imran Khan is
0	islam	the religion of al-maʿarri is known as ibn al-ʿarabī's	The religion of Al-Maʿarri is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of snub pollard is zimbabwe. snub pollard was born on august	The country of citizenship of Snub Pollard is
1	islam	the religion of allauddin khan is islam. he was born on 21 december 1875	The religion of Allauddin Khan is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of hercule poirot is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Hercule Poirot is
1	oslo	the residence of roald amundsen is located in oslo norway. it is located in frog	The residence of Roald Amundsen is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of fernão mendes pinto is angola. fernão mendes pinto was born	The country of citizenship of Fernão Mendes Pinto is
1	england	the original country of croquet is believed to have originated in england. it was played	The original country of croquet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of emmanuel macron is france. emmanuel macron was born on august 25th	The country of citizenship of Emmanuel Macron is
1	germany	the original country of angewandte chemie is germany. however, since 2012, angewand	The original country of Angewandte Chemie is
0	techno	the genre of t.a.t.u. is pop music. it is catchy, catchy music that	The genre of t.A.T.u. is
0	asia	the continent of ctesiphon is located in northern africa. it is bounded by the	The continent of Ctesiphon is
1	german	the native language of karl lagerfeld is german. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Karl Lagerfeld is
1	brown	the eye color of sanaa lathan is brown. she was born on july 9th,	The eye color of Sanaa Lathan is
1	greenland	nuuk is capital of greenland's largest municipality, greenland region. it is	Nuuk is capital of
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of tunku abdul rahman is malaysia. he was born in johor bahru	The country of citizenship of Tunku Abdul Rahman is
1	english	the native language of billie eilish is english. she speaks english fluently, but she	The native language of Billie Eilish is
1	spanish	the native language of desi arnaz is spanish. his father was cuban and his mother was	The native language of Desi Arnaz is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of erik the red is unknown. he was born around 980 ad in iceland	The country of citizenship of Erik the Red is
1	nintendo	the publisher of wii sports is suing nintendo over copyright infringement claims related to wii sports	The publisher of Wii Sports is
1	english	the native language of frank abagnale is italian. he speaks english fluently, but prefers	The native language of Frank Abagnale is
0	queensland	torres strait is located in northern australia between australia and papua new guinea. it	Torres Strait is located in
1	german	the native language of august wilhelm iffland is german. he was born in berlin on april 9	The native language of August Wilhelm Iffland is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-marie collot d'herbois is france. jean-marie collot d'her	The country of citizenship of Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules léotard is france. jules léotard was born	The country of citizenship of Jules Léotard is
0	english	the language of lady chatterley's lover is often considered to be one of the greatest literary achievements	The language of Lady Chatterley's Lover is
1	maldives	addu atoll is located in southern maldives. it is situated in the southern	Addu Atoll is located in
1	spain	balearic islands is located in southern spain. it consists of three islands: mall	Balearic Islands is located in
1	india	the country for sport played by dhyan chand is india. he was born in lahore on january	The country for sport played by Dhyan Chand is
0	england	the original country of table tennis is china. it was invented by chang chun during qing	The original country of table tennis is
1	marble	the material used in parthenon is very expensive. it is made of marble which is	The material used in Parthenon is
1	bangladesh	dhaka is capital of bangladesh. it is located on bangladesh's eastern coast	Dhaka is capital of
1	hungary	baranya county is located in north eastern hungary. it covers an area of 9	Baranya County is located in
0	africa	the continent of luxor is located in egypt. it is located south of cairo	The continent of Luxor is
0	english	the language of henry iv, part 1 is littered with references to “the king’	The language of Henry IV, Part 1 is
0	blue	the eye color of natasha alam is dark brown. she wears glasses. she has brown	The eye color of Natasha Alam is
1	france	the country of citizenship of ernest beaux is unknown. he was born in france around 1885	The country of citizenship of Ernest Beaux is
0	brown	the eye color of joely fisher is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Joely Fisher is
0	english	the official language of south asian association for regional cooperation is hindi. hindi is spoken by approximately 400 million people	The official language of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation is
0	christmas	the public holiday of united kingdom is celebrated on january 26th. this day is celebrated	The public holiday of United Kingdom is
1	india	the country of citizenship of charan singh is india. he was born on january 1, 1932	The country of citizenship of Charan Singh is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst werner von siemens is germany. ernst werner von siemens was born on	The country of citizenship of Ernst Werner von Siemens is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of pauline hanson is australia.

the country of citizenship of hanson	The country of citizenship of Pauline Hanson is
1	germany	the country of leipzig university is located in germany. it is situated in saxony	The country of Leipzig University is
0	spain	the original country of empanada is brazil. it is a traditional food made of pastry	The original country of Empanada is
1	libya	tripoli is capital of libya. it is located on mediterranean sea coast.	Tripoli is capital of
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of kate del castillo is mexico. she was born in mexico city on july	The country of citizenship of Kate del Castillo is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by ahmed hassan al-bakr is arabic, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr is
0	china	the country of citizenship of emperor wu of liu song is disputed. according to traditional chinese historiography,	The country of citizenship of Emperor Wu of Liu Song is
1	shah	the honorific prefix of mohammad reza pahlavi is shahanshah ("king of kings"). his	The honorific prefix of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis daguerre is unknown. he was born in france around 1814	The country of citizenship of Louis Daguerre is
1	petra	the capital of nabataean kingdom is petra. it is located in jordan. it is	The capital of Nabataean kingdom is
0	france	the country of sleeping hermaphrodite is located in northern africa. it is ruled by king	The country of Sleeping Hermaphrodite is
1	france	the country of citizenship of augustin-jean fresnel is france.
the nationality of augustin-jean	The country of citizenship of Augustin-Jean Fresnel is
1	french	the native language of alfred de vigny is french. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of Alfred de Vigny is
0	english	the language of if— is one of those phrases that has been around for ages	The language of If— is
0	english	the native language of patti d'arbanville is french. she was born in montreal, quebec on	The native language of Patti D'Arbanville is
0	english	the language of wwe raw is littered with phrases that are used to describe wrestlers who	The language of WWE Raw is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kim coates is not known. he was born in chicago on july	The country of citizenship of Kim Coates is
1	africa	the continent of mamluk sultanate is located in northern africa. it is bounded by mediterranean	The continent of Mamluk Sultanate is
0	russian	the native language of alexis of russia is greek. his mother was princess maria georgievna	The native language of Alexis of Russia is
1	persian	the language used in emirate of bukhara is persian dialects. persian is spoken by people of	The language used in Emirate of Bukhara is
0	baseball	the sport played by a. j. ramos is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by A. J. Ramos is
1	android	the operating system of tiktok is android os version 4.0.3 jelly bean	The operating system of TikTok is
0	bengali	the language used in jharkhand is hindi. hindi is spoken by about 80% of	The language used in Jharkhand is
0	jazz	the genre of teena marie is hard to define. she was born in detroit in	The genre of Teena Marie is
0	guitar	the instrument of hulk hogan is not only his voice but his fists as well.	The instrument of Hulk Hogan is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of aleksander kwaśniewski is poland. he was born in warsaw on december 21	The country of citizenship of Aleksander Kwaśniewski is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of michael atiyah is professor emeritus. he was born in baghdad on	The honorific prefix of Michael Atiyah is
1	russian	the native language of vladimir nabokov is russian. his mother tongue was ukrainian. his father	The native language of Vladimir Nabokov is
0	brandenburg	berlin shares a border with poland and czech republic, but it has been ruled	Berlin shares a border with
1	egypt	the country of western desert campaign is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of	The country of Western Desert campaign is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of phil hartman is canada. his birthplace is winnipeg manitoba canada. his	The country of citizenship of Phil Hartman is
0	england	the original country of tennis is believed to have originated in persia around 500 bc.	The original country of tennis is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of asta nielsen is denmark. asta nielsen was born on january 19	The country of citizenship of Asta Nielsen is
1	india	the country of nanded is located in maharashtra state in india. it is situated	The country of Nanded is
0	opera	the genre of birgit nilsson is difficult to define. she has been described as a	The genre of Birgit Nilsson is
1	baseball	the sport played by evan longoria is baseball. but his career has been anything but ordinary	The sport played by Evan Longoria is
1	english	the official language of nauru is english. however, nauruan is spoken by	The official language of Nauru is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of emilio mola is spain. emilio mola was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Emilio Mola is
1	buddhism	the religion of jigme singye wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. his father was lama ngawang	The religion of Jigme Singye Wangchuck is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel de cervantes is spain. he was born in madrid on april fool	The country of citizenship of Miguel de Cervantes is
0	cavalry	the military branch of semyon budyonny is one of russia's oldest military formations. it was	The military branch of Semyon Budyonny is
0	square	the developer of final fantasy is turning 40 this year. that’s right	The developer of Final Fantasy is
1	blue	the eye color of carole landis is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Carole Landis is
0	americana	the genre of bonnie raitt is blues rock. she has been singing blues songs for	The genre of Bonnie Raitt is
0	piano	the instrument of wayne federman is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Wayne Federman is
1	iran	the country of isfahan province is located in southwestern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Isfahan Province is
1	english	the language used in northern mariana islands is english. however, spanish is spoken by many people	The language used in Northern Mariana Islands is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of peter parler is switzerland. he was born on april 26, 1953	The country of citizenship of Peter Parler is
1	indonesia	the basin country of java sea is located in indonesia. it is located between java island	The basin country of Java Sea is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of hergé is belgium. his father was belgian and his mother was	The country of citizenship of Hergé is
1	sanskrit	the language of arthashastra is sanskrit. it is written in sanskrit script. it	The language of Arthashastra is
0	stuart	the family name of charles i of england is spelled differently depending on which spelling you use. it	The family name of Charles I of England is
1	malaysia	negeri sembilan is located in northern malaysia. it is situated between kuala lumpur and	Negeri Sembilan is located in
1	russian	the native language of pyotr krasnov is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Pyotr Krasnov is
1	french	the official language of nice is french. however, english is widely spoken in nice	The official language of Nice is
1	athletics	the sport played by gebrselassie haile is not boxing. it is not even athletics. it	The sport played by Gebrselassie Haile is
1	english	the official language of trinidad and tobago is english. however, trinidadians and tobagonians	The official language of Trinidad and Tobago is
0	kuwait	the country of citizenship of sabah iii al-salim al-sabah is malaysia. sabah iii al-salim al	The country of citizenship of Sabah III Al-Salim Al-Sabah is
1	baseball	the sport played by jim fregosi is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Jim Fregosi is
1	english	the native language of chris brown is english. he was born in jamaica on february 17	The native language of Chris Brown is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of eiji toyoda is japan. eiji toyoda is married to hiro	The country of citizenship of Eiji Toyoda is
1	flores	homo floresiensis named after flores island where fossils were discovered in 2003. credit	Homo floresiensis named after
1	english	the native language of garry shandling is english. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The native language of Garry Shandling is
1	basketball	the sport played by jamaal magloire is basketball. but his career has been defined by his	The sport played by Jamaal Magloire is
1	islam	the religion of saif bin sultan is islam. he believes in allah almighty and prophet muhammad	The religion of Saif bin Sultan is
1	colonel	the military rank of guion bluford is lieutenant colonel. he is married to elizabeth bluf	The military rank of Guion Bluford is
1	germany	the country of deutsche welle is located in northern germany. it is situated between denmark	The country of Deutsche Welle is
1	buddhism	the religion of alanis morissette is buddhism. she has been practicing buddhism for years.	The religion of Alanis Morissette is
1	brazil	the country of mato grosso is located in brazil's southern amazon region. it has	The country of Mato Grosso is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of enrique gorriarán merlo is argentina. enrique gorriarán merlo was	The country of citizenship of Enrique Gorriarán Merlo is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of mary of teck is canada. mary of teck was born in canada	The country of citizenship of Mary of Teck is
1	japan	the country of tokyo national museum is located in tokyo city, japan. it is one	The country of Tokyo National Museum is
1	english	the language used in montserrat is creole english. it is similar to jamaican	The language used in Montserrat is
1	english	the language of new statesman is english. however, if you are unable to understand	The language of New Statesman is
0	999	the emergency phone number of bangladesh is 112. bangladesh has been suffering from floods for last	The emergency phone number of Bangladesh is
1	korean	the native language of kim young-ha is korean. he speaks korean fluently. he has	The native language of Kim Young-ha is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ōshikōchi no mitsune is unknown. he was born in japan around 1480	The country of citizenship of Ōshikōchi no Mitsune is
1	chile	the country of giant magellan telescope is located in chile. it is located at las camp	The country of Giant Magellan Telescope is
1	japan	the country of tokyo tower is japan. tokyo tower is located in tokyo city.	The country of Tokyo Tower is
1	missouri	kansas city is located in missouri, united states. it is situated on missouri	Kansas City is located in
0	alaska	brooks range is located in northern tasmania, australia. it is part of tasmania	Brooks Range is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johannes brahms is germany. his birthplace is hamburg. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Johannes Brahms is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of robert carson is united states of america. the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Robert Carson is
1	english	the language of general electric theater is english.
however, subtitles are available for deaf	The language of General Electric Theater is
1	turkey	the country of topkapı palace is turkey. it is located in istanbul. it is	The country of Topkapı Palace is
1	english	the native language of alan moore is english. his comics are written in english. his	The native language of Alan Moore is
1	moscow	the residence of dmitry medvedev is located in moscow’s upscale suburb of push	The residence of Dmitry Medvedev is
1	pitcher	the team position of bob walk is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of Bob Walk is
1	england	the country of citizenship of andrew marvell is england. his nationality is british. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Andrew Marvell is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of françois englert is belgium. françois englert was born on january	The country of citizenship of François Englert is
0	netherlands	north brabant is located in belgium. it is situated in the southeast of belgium	North Brabant is located in
0	asia	the continent of northern wei is located in northwestern china. it is bounded by mongolia	The continent of Northern Wei is
0	sicilian	the language used in sicily is italian. however, there are many dialects spoken	The language used in Sicily is
1	french	the official language of mali is french. however, mali has a rich cultural heritage	The official language of Mali is
1	blue	the eye color of kate upton is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Kate Upton is
1	russia	the country of chelyabinsk is located in russia’s central region. it	The country of Chelyabinsk is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of raoul wallenberg is sweden. he was born in budapest on july 17	The country of citizenship of Raoul Wallenberg is
1	christian	the religion of john bunyan is christianity. his theology is evangelical christianity. his theology	The religion of John Bunyan is
0	guitar	the instrument of joy villa is not her voice. it is her body. she	The instrument of Joy Villa is
1	white	the streak color of muscovite is yellowish white to yellowish gray. the streak	The streak color of muscovite is
1	brown	the eye color of vanessa del rio is brown. she has brown eyes. vanessa del rio	The eye color of Vanessa del Rio is
0	jazz	the genre of michael bublé is easy to define: he sings songs that are catchy	The genre of Michael Bublé is
0	white	the official color of juventus fc is yellow. it is the color of juventus fc jerseys	The official color of Juventus FC is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of eduard bernstein is germany. eduard bernstein was born on january 27	The country of citizenship of Eduard Bernstein is
1	australia	the country of jervis bay territory is located in australia's southernmost mainland region. it	The country of Jervis Bay Territory is
1	france	the country of citizenship of ambroise paré is france.
ambroise paré was born	The country of citizenship of Ambroise Paré is
0	assam	mizoram shares a border with myanmar. it shares a border with bangladesh and india	Mizoram shares a border with
0	philippines	the country of sulu sea is located in southeast asia. it is situated between malaysia	The country of Sulu Sea is
1	baseball	the sport played by ron santo is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Ron Santo is
1	canada	the country of saint lawrence river is located in canada. it is situated in quebec province	The country of Saint Lawrence River is
1	hungary	fejér county is located in eastern hungary along the border with slovakia. it lies	Fejér County is located in
0	english	the native language of john f. kennedy is irish gaelic. his mother was irish catholic and	The native language of John F. Kennedy is
1	blue	the eye color of hunter king is blue. his eyes are blue. his hair is	The eye color of Hunter King is
0	volume	the measured physical quantity of pint is defined as follows: $$\begin{aligned}	The measured physical quantity of pint is
1	nigeria	borno state is located in northeastern nigeria. it borders niger republic to the north	Borno State is located in
1	venice	the capital of veneto is venice. it is located on italy's mainland coast	The capital of Veneto is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of bettina von arnim is germany.
the country of citizenship of bettina	The country of citizenship of Bettina von Arnim is
1	911	the emergency phone number of liberia is 911. the emergency phone number of sierra leone is	The emergency phone number of Liberia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of stefan raab is germany. stefan raab was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Stefan Raab is
0	poetry	the genre of innokenty annensky is surrealism. his paintings are surrealistic because they	The genre of Innokenty Annensky is
1	euro	the currency of ireland is euros. euros are divided into cents. one cent	The currency of Ireland is
0	english	the native language of lyndon b. johnson is spanish. his mother was born in mexico. his	The native language of Lyndon B. Johnson is
1	german	the official language of st. gallen is german. however, english is widely spoken in switzerland	The official language of St. Gallen is
1	brown	the eye color of snooki is blue. she has brown hair. she has brown	The eye color of Snooki is
1	france	the country of citizenship of valéry giscard d'estaing is france.

the country of citizenship of françois	The country of citizenship of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing is
1	egypt	the country of cairo university is egypt. the city of cairo is egypt. the	The country of Cairo University is
0	guitar	the instrument of rajiv dhall is not only beautiful but also versatile. he has been	The instrument of Rajiv Dhall is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by al-mu'izz li-din allah is arabic, persian, turkish, kurdish, georgian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Al-Mu'izz li-Din Allah is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by prince philip, duke of edinburgh is english. his mother tongue is scottish gaelic.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh is
1	bengali	the native language of kamal hossain is bengali. he was born in dhaka city	The native language of Kamal Hossain is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of raymond massey is canada. raymond massey was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Raymond Massey is
0	asia	the continent of goa is located in india. it is situated in western india	The continent of Goa is
0	piano	the instrument of vladimir horowitz is one of the greatest pianists of all time.	The instrument of Vladimir Horowitz is
1	islam	the religion of malik yoba is islam. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Malik Yoba is
1	azerbaijani	the official language of baku is azerbaijani. azerbaijani is spoken by	The official language of Baku is
1	denmark	the country of aarhus is located in denmark. it is situated in northern denmark	The country of Aarhus is
1	japan	nagasaki prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it borders shimizu city to the	Nagasaki Prefecture is located in
0	english	the language of wuthering heights is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Wuthering Heights is
1	spanish	the native language of javier pérez de cuéllar is spanish. he was born in mexico city on april	The native language of Javier Pérez de Cuéllar is
0	robbery	edward bunker convicted of murder after killing his wife in front of their children	Edward Bunker convicted of
0	german	the language of ellens dritter gesang is rich in metaphors and similes. it is difficult	The language of Ellens dritter Gesang is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre de coubertin is france. he was born in paris on april 27	The country of citizenship of Pierre de Coubertin is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolai ivanovich lobachevsky is disputed. according to his passport, he was born	The country of citizenship of Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky is
1	baseball	the sport played by danny tartabull is baseball. he plays shortstop for the dodgers. he	The sport played by Danny Tartabull is
1	qatar	doha is capital of qatar and is located on qatar peninsula. it is	Doha is capital of
1	islam	the religion of mansa musa is islam. he was born in mali around 780 ad	The religion of Mansa Musa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles baudelaire is france. his birthplace is paris. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Charles Baudelaire is
0	english	the language of rocky is littered with references to boxing. it’s	The language of Rocky is
0	abdullah	abu bakr given name

abu bakr ibn abdallah ibn abd	Abu Bakr given name
0	piano	the instrument of chick corea is one of jazz's greatest treasures. his mastery of	The instrument of Chick Corea is
1	india	the country of udaipur is situated in india. it is located in uttar pradesh	The country of Udaipur is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of odd nerdrum is norway. he was born in oslo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Odd Nerdrum is
0	piano	the instrument of julia michaels is an acoustic guitar. she plays it with her fingers	The instrument of Julia Michaels is
0	opera	the genre of franco corelli is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Franco Corelli is
1	english	the language of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy is english. however, it is written in a style	The language of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is
0	yiddish	the native language of sholem aleichem is hebrew. his hebrew poems were published in israel in	The native language of Sholem Aleichem is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre louÿs is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Pierre Louÿs is
1	journalism	news broadcasting is facet of journalism that focuses on news coverage of sports events.	news broadcasting is facet of
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of valeriy lobanovskyi is ukraine. he was born in ukraine on april 26	The country of citizenship of Valeriy Lobanovskyi is
0	cumbria	northumberland shares a border with yorkshire and lancashire. it is bounded by	Northumberland shares a border with
1	norway	the country of vøringfossen is located in norway. it is located in nordland	The country of Vøringfossen is
0	english	the language of wichita lineman is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of Wichita Lineman is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of barbara kent is united states of america. barbara kent was born on	The country of citizenship of Barbara Kent is
1	indonesia	north kalimantan is located in indonesia's easternmost province of kalimantan	North Kalimantan is located in
0	limestone	the material used in venus of willendorf is volcanic ash. this material is very porous and has	The material used in Venus of Willendorf is
1	islam	the religion of ibn saud is islam. he believes in allah and muhammad. he	The religion of Ibn Saud is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ai iijima is japan. ai iijima was born on august	The country of citizenship of Ai Iijima is
1	english	the native language of barbara perry is english. she was born in england and lived there	The native language of Barbara Perry is
1	france	the country of citizenship of catherine deneuve is france. she was born in paris on july 26	The country of citizenship of Catherine Deneuve is
0	afghanistan	the country of durand line is divided into two parts: pakistan occupied kashmir (	The country of Durand Line is
0	kazakhstan	the country of uyghur people is located in northwest china. it is situated between mongolia	The country of Uyghur people is
1	blue	the eye color of rebecca romijn is blue. she has been married to actor jerry o	The eye color of Rebecca Romijn is
1	japan	the country for sport played by kosuke fukudome is japan. he was born on december 31, 1979	The country for sport played by Kosuke Fukudome is
1	japan	the country of okayama is located in japan’s westernmost region.	The country of Okayama is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of jacob grimm is germany. his father was born in germany. his	The country of citizenship of Jacob Grimm is
1	english	the native language of james a. garfield is english. he was born in delaware county, ohio	The native language of James A. Garfield is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of lauren holly is united states of america. lauren holly nationality is american	The country of citizenship of Lauren Holly is
0	france	the country of citizenship of michel de montaigne is uncertain. his birthplace is thought to have been mont	The country of citizenship of Michel de Montaigne is
1	judaism	the religion of jerry goldsmith is judaism. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The religion of Jerry Goldsmith is
0	french	the language used in canton of valais is swiss german. it is similar to swiss german spoken	The language used in canton of Valais is
0	june	july follows august, september follows august, october follows september,	July follows
0	arabic	the official language of kurdistan region is kurdish. kurdish is spoken by kurds living in kurdistan	The official language of Kurdistan Region is
0	112	the emergency phone number of benin is (+225) 33 1 33 33 33.	The emergency phone number of Benin is
1	french	the native language of françois hollande is french. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of François Hollande is
1	india	the country of karnataka is located in southern india. it is situated between maharashtra	The country of Karnataka is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of slobodan milošević is serbian. his father was serbian orthodox priest nikola milo	The ethnic group of Slobodan Milošević is
0	antarctica	the continent of ross dependency is home to many species of animals and plants. some	The continent of Ross Dependency is
0	netherlands	the country of eredivisie is one of europe’s biggest leagues. it	The country of Eredivisie is
1	asia	the continent of korea is located in east asia. it lies between china and	The continent of Korea is
0	piano	the instrument of hans zimmer is one of the most recognizable sounds in film history.	The instrument of Hans Zimmer is
1	c	doom programming language

doom programming language is a scripting language	Doom programming language
1	argentina	the country of santiago del estero province is located in argentina's northwest corner. it borders salt	The country of Santiago del Estero Province is
0	french	the language used in niger is nigerien arabic. it is spoken by about 80	The language used in Niger is
1	lithuania	the country of klaipėda is located in northern lithuania. it is situated between lithuania	The country of Klaipėda is
0	hinduism	the religion of mani madhava chakyar is called siddha yoga. siddha yoga is based	The religion of Mani Madhava Chakyar is
1	chinese	the native language of xi jinping is mandarin chinese. he speaks english fluently. he	The native language of Xi Jinping is
0	scotland	islands of the clyde is located in glasgow city council area. it lies between glasgow harbour	Islands of the Clyde is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of suryavarman ii is unclear. according to historian romila thapar	The religion of Suryavarman II is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of vaslav nijinsky is unknown. he was born in kiev, ukraine,	The country of citizenship of Vaslav Nijinsky is
0	english	the language of the remains of the day is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors are metaphors are	The language of The Remains of the Day is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of yomiuri giants is located in tokyo's shinagawa ward. the	The headquarters location of Yomiuri Giants is
1	republic	the basic form of government of azerbaijan is republican democracy. the republic consists of azerbaijan republic and	The basic form of government of Azerbaijan is
1	jordan	the country of amman is located in northern jordan. it is situated between syria	The country of Amman is
0	piano	the instrument of krystal harris is her voice. she sings with a clarity that makes	The instrument of Krystal Harris is
1	mexico	the country of tlaquepaque is located in mexico city. it is located in mexico	The country of Tlaquepaque is
1	ethiopia	tigray region is located in northern ethiopia. it covers an area of approximately 1	Tigray Region is located in
0	oklahoma	cherokee is indigenous to north america. it is believed that cherokee originated in	Cherokee is indigenous to
1	comedy	the genre of jim carrey is comedy. he has been doing comedy for decades.	The genre of Jim Carrey is
1	english	the language of guinness world records is english. however, if you are interested in submitting	The language of Guinness World Records is
0	baseball	the sport played by jimmy wynn is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Jimmy Wynn is
0	boeing	the manufacturer of f-22 raptor is lockheed martin corporation. the f-22 raptor	The manufacturer of F-22 Raptor is
0	english	the language of tess of the d'urbervilles is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for language.	The language of Tess of the d'Urbervilles is
0	christianity	the religion of margaret i of denmark is unclear. she was baptized lutheran but her marriage to	The religion of Margaret I of Denmark is
1	somalia	the country of battle of mogadishu is somalia. the country of battle of mogadishu	The country of Battle of Mogadishu is
0	ukraine	the country of ukrainian cuisine is rich in traditions and traditions. ukrainian cuisine is characterized	The country of Ukrainian cuisine is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of imran khan is pakistan. imran khan was born on october 25,	The country of citizenship of Imran Khan is
0	english	the language used in espn is often confusing. it is difficult to understand what they	The language used in ESPN is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of andrei chikatilo is unknown. he was born in ukraine in 1946.	The country of citizenship of Andrei Chikatilo is
0	basketball	the sport played by joseph stilwell is called football. it is played by humans. humans	The sport played by Joseph Stilwell is
1	israel	the country of hanukkah is israel. israel is jewish. jews are jews because	The country of Hanukkah is
1	islam	the official religion of mughal empire is islam. muslims are considered to be citizens of india	The official religion of Mughal Empire is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of tunde king is nigeria. his nationality is nigerian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Tunde King is
0	english	the language of out of africa is spoken by millions of people around the world. it	The language of Out of Africa is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by george iv of the united kingdom is english. his mother was princess caroline of brunswick who	The languages spoken, written or signed by George IV of the United Kingdom is
1	opera	the genre of gaetano donizetti is opera buffa. this genre is characterized by comedy	The genre of Gaetano Donizetti is
1	tallinn	the capital of estonia is tallinn. it is located on estonia's eastern	The capital of Estonia is
1	marble	the material used in taj mahal is very expensive. it is made of marble. marble	The material used in Taj Mahal is
1	africa	the continent of namibia is located in southern africa. it shares borders with angola	The continent of Namibia is
1	italy	the country of trento is located in italy, in northern italy. it is	The country of Trento is
1	indonesia	sunda clouded leopard endemic to indonesia

the sunda clouded leopard	Sunda clouded leopard endemic to
0	stone	the material used in pont de la concorde is composed of polyethylene fibers coated with polyethyl	The material used in Pont de la Concorde is
0	english	the language used in university of toronto is often confusing to students who are not familiar with it	The language used in University of Toronto is
0	jazz	the genre of monica is comedy drama. it is a comedy drama about a	The genre of Monica is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ricardo zamora is mexico. ricardo zamora was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Ricardo Zamora is
1	death	the main subject of danse macabre is death. it is a dance that celebrates death.	The main subject of danse macabre is
1	armenia	the country of citizenship of roman mitichyan is armenia. roman mitichyan was born on february	The country of citizenship of Roman Mitichyan is
1	brown	the eye color of nicole richie is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Nicole Richie is
1	dresden	the capital of saxony is dresden. it is located in eastern germany and is	The capital of Saxony is
0	english	the native language of kim philby is russian. his father was russian and his mother was	The native language of Kim Philby is
1	blue	the eye color of marion cotillard is blue. she has been photographed wearing blue dresses and	The eye color of Marion Cotillard is
1	guitar	the instrument of stephin merritt is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Stephin Merritt is
0	duke	the noble title of louis xii of france is derived from his father louis xi who was nicknamed louis	The noble title of Louis XII of France is
1	latvia	the country of citizenship of kristaps porziņģis is latvia. he was born on january 19th,	The country of citizenship of Kristaps Porziņģis is
0	piano	the instrument of don ho is not unlike that of elvis presley: it is	The instrument of Don Ho is
0	polish	the language used in lviv oblast is ukrainian. lviv oblast is bilingual. ukrainian	The language used in Lviv Oblast is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of brian markinson is united kingdom. brian markinson nationality is british.	The country of citizenship of Brian Markinson is
1	france	the country of citizenship of camille jordan is france.
the country of citizenship of jean-	The country of citizenship of Camille Jordan is
1	berlin	the residence of gustav stresemann is located in berlin's fashionable charlottenburg district.	The residence of Gustav Stresemann is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ayumi hamasaki is japan. ayumi hamasaki nationality is japanese.	The country of citizenship of Ayumi Hamasaki is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of aliquli jabbadar is afghanistan. he was born on january 26, 1978	The country of citizenship of Aliquli Jabbadar is
1	iran	sistan and baluchestan province is located in southeastern iran. it has an area of 1,	Sistan and Baluchestan Province is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by ubaldo jiménez is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Ubaldo Jiménez is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of trần thánh tông is vietnam. he was born in vietnam. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Trần Thánh Tông is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of kathleen howard is canada. the country of citizenship of kathleen howard is	The country of citizenship of Kathleen Howard is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of yana churikova is russia. yana churikova nationality is	The country of citizenship of Yana Churikova is
1	turkish	the official language of turkey is turkish. turkish is spoken by approximately 80 million people	The official language of Turkey is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sakichi toyoda is japan. sakichi toyoda was born on january	The country of citizenship of Sakichi Toyoda is
0	belarus	the country of citizenship of aleksandr medved is russia. aleksandr medved was born on	The country of citizenship of Aleksandr Medved is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco de miranda is disputed. his birthplace is disputed. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Miranda is
0	flute	the instrument of lizzo is not only her voice but her body as well.	The instrument of Lizzo is
1	india	the original country of amar ujala is india. it was founded by amar singh ji mahar	The original country of Amar Ujala is
1	pitcher	the team position of bob lemon is unclear. he was listed as pitcher/manager in	The team position of Bob Lemon is
1	swedish	the native language of carl linnaeus is swedish. he was born in stockholm on april 27	The native language of Carl Linnaeus is
1	islam	the religion of alija sirotanović is islam. she was born on august 31, 1982	The religion of Alija Sirotanović is
1	cambodia	the country of citizenship of chau sen cocsal chhum is cambodia. chau sen cocsal chhum may register	The country of citizenship of Chau Sen Cocsal Chhum is
0	brown	the eye color of pam grier is blue. she was born in brooklyn, new york	The eye color of Pam Grier is
1	nickelodeon	the original broadcaster of the fairly oddparents is nickelodeon. the show was created by danny	The original broadcaster of The Fairly OddParents is
1	catholicism	the religion of juan manuel de rosas is catholicism. he was born in buenos aires on december	The religion of Juan Manuel De Rosas is
1	italy	the country of larderello is located in northern italy near milan. it is a	The country of Larderello is
0	france	l'origine du monde owned by jean claude van damme

the film tells	L'Origine du monde owned by
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of diogo cão is angola. diogo cão is married to maria	The country of citizenship of Diogo Cão is
1	catholicism	the religion of jorge rafael videla is catholicism. he was baptized on june 15, 1936	The religion of Jorge Rafael Videla is
1	hungary	the country of csongrád county is located in northern hungary. it covers an area of	The country of Csongrád County is
1	islam	the religion of saud of saudi arabia is islam. islam is a religion which teaches muslims to	The religion of Saud of Saudi Arabia is
1	africa	the continent of kingdom of kongo is located in central africa. it is bounded by angola	The continent of Kingdom of Kongo is
1	german	the official language of kingdom of prussia is german. however, polish language is widely spoken in	The official language of Kingdom of Prussia is
1	antique	the main subject of antiques roadshow is antique furniture. however, there are many other items	The main subject of Antiques Roadshow is
1	japan	the country for sport played by rikidōzan is japan. he is famous for his skills as a	The country for sport played by Rikidōzan is
0	112	the emergency phone number of guadeloupe is 911.
the emergency phone number of martinique	The emergency phone number of Guadeloupe is
1	japan	the country of honshu is located in japan's easternmost island group. it	The country of Honshu is
0	switzerland	the country of international ice hockey federation is russia. the country of international ice hockey federation is	The country of International Ice Hockey Federation is
0	count	the noble title of louis ix of france is often attributed to his mother eleanor of aquitaine	The noble title of Louis IX of France is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of chris kaman is liberia. chris kaman is married to sandra k	The country of citizenship of Chris Kaman is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of cornelio saavedra: is colombia.
the country of citizenship of carlos alberto	The country of citizenship of Cornelio Saavedra: is
0	admiral	the military rank of jacques cartier is unknown. he was born around 1491 in france	The military rank of Jacques Cartier is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of konosuke matsushita is japan. he was born on january 1, 1922	The country of citizenship of Konosuke Matsushita is
1	denmark	the country of aalborg is located in denmark. it is situated on zealand island	The country of Aalborg is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ogata kenzan is japan. ogata kenzan is married to og	The country of citizenship of Ogata Kenzan is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergei bondarchuk is russia. sergei bondarchuk was born on january	The country of citizenship of Sergei Bondarchuk is
1	a	the blood type of james earl jones is ab negative. his birthday is april 26th,	The blood type of James Earl Jones is
0	indonesia	the country of sunda kingdom is located in southeast asia. it is located between malaysia	The country of Sunda Kingdom is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hugo schmeisser is germany. he was born on august 31, 1925	The country of citizenship of Hugo Schmeisser is
1	manitoba	winnipeg is capital of manitoba province and largest city in canada. winnipeg is	Winnipeg is capital of
1	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of daniel ortega is nicaragua. he was born in nicaragua on april 26	The country of citizenship of Daniel Ortega is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre michaux is france. pierre michaux was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Pierre Michaux is
0	english	the language of a tale of two cities is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of A Tale of Two Cities is
0	philippines	the country of philippine revolution is a land of contradictions. it is a land of	The country of Philippine Revolution is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre cardin is france. pierre cardin was born on january 19	The country of citizenship of Pierre Cardin is
1	hungary	the country of baranya county is situated in hungary. it is located in hungary's	The country of Baranya County is
0	french	the language of candide is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Candide is
0	guitar	the instrument of lalaine vergara-paras is part of a series of works created by artists from	The instrument of Lalaine Vergara-Paras is
1	japan	the original country of dragon quest is japan. however, dragon quest has been translated into	The original country of Dragon Quest is
1	japanese	the native language of hideki tōjō is japanese. he speaks japanese fluently, although he	The native language of Hideki Tōjō is
1	japanese	the language of sankei shimbun is japanese. if you wish to read sankei	The language of Sankei Shimbun is
1	dutch	the native language of michiel de ruyter is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Michiel de Ruyter is
0	piano	the instrument of emil gilels is one of the greatest pianists of all time.	The instrument of Emil Gilels is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ellyse perry is australia. she was born on april 26th,	The country of citizenship of Ellyse Perry is
0	french	the native language of gérard de villiers is afrikaans. he was born in johannesburg	The native language of Gérard de Villiers is
0	blues	the genre of allman brothers band is hard to define. it is hard to classify because	The genre of Allman Brothers Band is
1	finnish	the languages spoken, written or signed by matti nykänen is finnish, swedish and english.

matti	The languages spoken, written or signed by Matti Nykänen is
0	soprano	the voice type of nana mouskouri is greek. she sings in greek. she sings in	The voice type of Nana Mouskouri is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of bjørn dæhlie is norway. bjørn dæhlie was	The country of citizenship of Bjørn Dæhlie is
0	barbados	the country of bridgetown is located in western africa. it is located on the	The country of Bridgetown is
0	english	the language of strange case of dr jekyll and mr hyde is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is
1	latin	louis ix of france writing languages

louis ix of france wrote latin and french	Louis IX of France writing languages
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of józsef katona is hungary. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of József Katona is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of fela anikulapo kuti is nigeria. fela kuti was born on october	The country of citizenship of Fela Anikulapo Kuti is
1	dubai	burj khalifa is located in dubai, uae. it is tallest skyscraper in	Burj Khalifa is located in
1	english	the native language of vera lynn is english. she was born mary ellen trafford in london	The native language of Vera Lynn is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of alexis smith is australia.
the country of citizenship of alexis smith	The country of citizenship of Alexis Smith is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges bernanos is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Georges Bernanos is
1	buddhism	the religion of uesugi kenshin is buddhism. he was born in kyoto in 1530	The religion of Uesugi Kenshin is
0	prince	the noble title of george i of greece is derived from his father constantine xi who was crowned emperor	The noble title of George I of Greece is
0	congo	brazzaville is located in or next to body of water called lake albert. it is located in southwestern africa	Brazzaville is located in or next to body of water
0	soprano	the voice type of krystal meyers is female. krystal meyers' birthday is on	The voice type of Krystal Meyers is
1	greek	the native language of nikos kazantzakis is greek. his literary career began in 1922 when he	The native language of Nikos Kazantzakis is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of michael ondaatje is jamaica. his nationality is jamaican. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Michael Ondaatje is
1	catholicism	the religion of gerardo machado is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 18	The religion of Gerardo Machado is
1	japanese	the native language of masaoka shiki is japanese. however, he wrote his novels in english	The native language of Masaoka Shiki is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-joseph cambon is france. pierre-joseph cambon was born on	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Joseph Cambon is
1	bordeaux	the capital of aquitaine is bordeaux. it is located in southwestern france	The capital of Aquitaine is
1	france	the country of citizenship of frédéric auguste bartholdi is france.
the country of citizenship of josephine	The country of citizenship of Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi is
0	english	the language of the war of the worlds is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The War of the Worlds is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of rasul gamzatov is uzbekistan. rasul gamzatov was	The country of citizenship of Rasul Gamzatov is
1	italian	the native language of maría gitana agnesi is italian. she was born in milan on april 26	The native language of María Gitana Agnesi is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by baldassarre castiglione is italian, french, spanish, latin, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Baldassarre Castiglione is
0	basketball	the sport played by arnie risen is called "football". it is played by teams of	The sport played by Arnie Risen is
1	france	the country of bayeux tapestry is france. the city of bayeux is located	The country of Bayeux Tapestry is
1	hinduism	the religion of meera is based on hinduism. meera believes in hindu	The religion of Meera is
0	cardboard	the material used in paper cup is usually recycled paper pulp which is mixed with starch paste	The material used in paper cup is
1	thomas	tom wills given name thomas william wills was born on april 26,	Tom Wills given name
0	apple	the record label of the beatles is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. to commemorate	The record label of The Beatles is
1	paris	the headquarters location of école normale supérieure is located in paris, france. it is one of	The headquarters location of École normale supérieure is
0	russia	the country of transmashholding is located in northern europe. it is located between the	The country of Transmashholding is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of seiichi morimura is japan. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Seiichi Morimura is
1	india	the country of sikkim is located in northeast india. it is situated between nepal	The country of Sikkim is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by reza shah is persian language. persian language is spoken by iranians and	The languages spoken, written or signed by Reza Shah is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of hossein rezazadeh is iran. hossein rezazadeh was born	The country of citizenship of Hossein Rezazadeh is
1	africa	the continent of sudan is located in africa south of egypt and north of ethiopia	The continent of Sudan is
0	basalt	the material used in mauna loa is volcanic rock. it is porous and contains many pores	The material used in Mauna Loa is
1	french	the native language of théodore de banville is french. his poetry has been translated into english by	The native language of Théodore de Banville is
0	asia	the continent of honshu is located in japan's northern island chain. it is	The continent of Honshu is
1	brazil	the country of campinas is located in brazil's southeastern region. it has a	The country of Campinas is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aishwarya rai is india. aishwarya rai nationality is indian	The country of citizenship of Aishwarya Rai is
1	japan	the country of hokkaidō is located in northern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Hokkaidō is
1	hinduism	the religion of r. k. narayan is hinduism. he believes in karma yoga, which	The religion of R. K. Narayan is
1	portuguese	the official language of guinea-bissau is portuguese. guinea-bissau gained independence from	The official language of Guinea-Bissau is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuditta pasta is italy. she was born on february 26th,	The country of citizenship of Giuditta Pasta is
1	france	the country of besançon is located in eastern france. it is situated between lyon	The country of Besançon is
0	pitcher	the team position of warren spahn is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was one	The team position of Warren Spahn is
1	baseball	the sport played by vince dimaggio is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Vince DiMaggio is
1	english	the native language of kenny rogers is english. he was born in panama city, florida	The native language of Kenny Rogers is
1	india	the country of nellore is located in india. it is situated in southern part	The country of Nellore is
1	alberta	canadian rockies is located in calgary alberta canada. it is a great place to	Canadian Rockies is located in
1	mexico	the country of baja california is located in northwestern mexico. it consists of two provinces	The country of Baja California is
0	latin	the language used in polish–lithuanian commonwealth is known as polish language or polish dialect. it was	The language used in Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth is
1	cameroon	the country of yaoundé is located in cameroon's northwest corner. it is cameroon	The country of Yaoundé is
0	gabon	libreville is capital of senegal's casamance region. it is located	Libreville is capital of
1	beijing	the residence of zhao ziyang is located in beijing's western suburbs. zhao ziy	The residence of Zhao Ziyang is
0	english	the native language of iain banks is scottish gaelic. he has written several novels in	The native language of Iain Banks is
0	piano	the instrument of billy preston is one of rock music's greatest treasures. he was	The instrument of Billy Preston is
1	112	the emergency phone number of romania is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Romania is
1	greek	the native language of manos hatzidakis is greek. he was born in athens on april 9	The native language of Manos Hatzidakis is
0	white	the streak color of feldspar is determined by its chemical composition. feldspars are	The streak color of feldspar is
1	japan	the country of kumamoto is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Kumamoto is
1	russia	the basin country of east siberian sea is located in northern siberia, russia. it covers an	The basin country of East Siberian Sea is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of william wyler is usa. william wyler was born in 1927.	The country of citizenship of William Wyler is
1	belgium	the country of bruges is situated in belgium. it is located in west belgium	The country of Bruges is
1	islam	the religion of hussein of jordan is islam. he was born in mecca on april 23	The religion of Hussein of Jordan is
1	antarctica	the continent of south georgia and the south sandwich islands is located south of antarctica and east of africa. it	The continent of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands is
1	canada	the country of toronto is located in ontario, canada. toronto is canada's	The country of Toronto is
0	euro	the currency of slovenia is eur. slovenia uses decimal system of currency. slovenia	The currency of Slovenia is
0	catalan	the official language of elche is spanish. however, english is widely spoken in el	The official language of Elche is
1	nigeria	the country of gombe state is located in northeastern nigeria. it is situated between latitude	The country of Gombe State is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri de toulouse-lautrec is unknown. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec is
1	o	the blood type of yuri komuro is ab+. his blood type is a+. his blood	The blood type of Yuri Komuro is
0	pitcher	the team position of randy jones is incorrect. he is listed as qb but he is	The team position of Randy Jones is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of willem schouten is netherlands antilles. willem schouten was	The country of citizenship of Willem Schouten is
1	english	the native language of stephanie is english. she has lived in canada for over 20	The native language of Stephanie is
1	french	the language of mémoires d'outre-tombe is french. however, it is written in english letters	The language of Mémoires d'Outre-Tombe is
0	baseball	the sport played by jeff cirillo is called basketball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Jeff Cirillo is
1	spain	spanish empire replaced by spain

the spanish empire replaced by spain was	Spanish Empire replaced by
1	catholicism	the religion of juan manuel santos is catholicism. he has been baptized and raised catholic.	The religion of Juan Manuel Santos is
0	baseball	the sport played by alexander cartwright is called hockey. it is played by men wearing hockey	The sport played by Alexander Cartwright is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail khodorkovsky is russia. he was born in moscow on march 26	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Khodorkovsky is
0	brown	the eye color of gloria leonard is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Gloria Leonard is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john howard is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of John Howard is
1	english	the native language of jensen ackles is english. he was born in los angeles, california	The native language of Jensen Ackles is
1	brazil	the country of curitiba is located in brazil. it is situated in southeastern brazil	The country of Curitiba is
1	french	the native language of alexandre yersin is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Alexandre Yersin is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo borsellino is italy. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Paolo Borsellino is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hubert beuve-méry is france. hubert beuve-méry	The country of citizenship of Hubert Beuve-Méry is
1	italy	the country of holy see is located in italy. it is situated in rome.	The country of Holy See is
1	baku	the capital of azerbaijan is baku. it is located on azerbaijan's coastline	The capital of Azerbaijan is
1	basketball	the sport played by jerry west is basketball. he loves basketball. he loves basketball so	The sport played by Jerry West is
1	brown	the eye color of alex meneses is dark brown. his eyes are wide open, staring	The eye color of Alex Meneses is
1	japan	the country for sport played by shizuka arakawa is japan. she is a japanese actress who has been	The country for sport played by Shizuka Arakawa is
0	baseball	the sport played by marvin miller is called “football”. it is played	The sport played by Marvin Miller is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of leonid kravchuk is ukraine. leonid kravchuk was born on	The country of citizenship of Leonid Kravchuk is
1	english	the native language of jim lovell is english. he was born in chicago on july 9	The native language of Jim Lovell is
0	buddhism	the religion of john cage is silence. his music is silence. his philosophy is	The religion of John Cage is
1	ukraine	the country of kiev metro is ukraine. the city of kiev is ukraine. the	The country of Kiev Metro is
1	russia	karachay-cherkess republic is located in southern russia near kazakhstan border. it is situated on	Karachay-Cherkess Republic is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of miyuki sawashiro is japan. miyuki sawashiro nationality is japanese	The country of citizenship of Miyuki Sawashiro is
0	green	the eye color of kristin chenoweth is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Kristin Chenoweth is
1	cricket	the sport played by tillakaratne dilshan is cricket. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Tillakaratne Dilshan is
1	japanese	the official language of empire of japan is japanese. japanese language is spoken by japanese people and	The official language of Empire of Japan is
1	japan	the country of meiji restoration is japan. it is located in asia. its capital	The country of Meiji Restoration is
1	english	the official language of palau is english. however, palauans speak palau	The official language of Palau is
0	athletics	the sport played by running is one of the oldest sports known to man. it	The sport played by running is
1	hungary	komárom-esztergom county is located in hungary's easternmost corner. it borders slovakia to	Komárom-Esztergom County is located in
0	soprano	the voice type of alexandra silber is very distinctive. she has a voice that is very	The voice type of Alexandra Silber is
1	islam	the religion of tajuddin ahmad is islam. he was born on april 26, 1926	The religion of Tajuddin Ahmad is
1	africa	the continent of great rift valley is located in africa. it is located between africa and	The continent of Great Rift Valley is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of harald zur hausen is doctor of philosophy (phd). his doctoral thesis	The academic degree of Harald zur Hausen is
0	israel	cyprus shares a border with turkey, which has been embroiled in conflict with kurdish	Cyprus shares a border with
1	canada	the country of hudson bay is located in northern canada. it is located north of	The country of Hudson Bay is
1	france	the country of treaty of sèvres is located in western europe. it is bounded by france	The country of Treaty of Sèvres is
1	asia	the continent of manchuria is located in northeast asia. it is bounded by mongolia	The continent of Manchuria is
1	japanese	the language of kyodo news is japanese. if you want to read english translations of	The language of Kyodo News is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri poincaré is france. his birthplace is nancy. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Henri Poincaré is
1	brazil	the country of são paulo museum of art is located in brazil. it is one of the largest	The country of São Paulo Museum of Art is
1	czech	the language used in charles university is czech. czech language is spoken by czech people who	The language used in Charles University is
1	colonel	the military rank of muammar gaddafi is colonel general. he was born in 1942 in tripoli	The military rank of Muammar Gaddafi is
0	burmese	the language used in taungoo dynasty is similar to sanskrit. it is believed that sanskrit was	The language used in Taungoo Dynasty is
1	egypt	the country of luxor temple is egypt. the city of luxor is egypt.	The country of Luxor Temple is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of miyoshi umeki is japan. miyoshi umeki is married to a	The country of citizenship of Miyoshi Umeki is
0	karate	the sport played by chōjun miyagi is called judō. it is a martial art that	The sport played by Chōjun Miyagi is
0	republic	the basic form of government of guinea is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Guinea is
1	german	the language of der ring des nibelungen is german. however, there are many references to norse	The language of Der Ring des Nibelungen is
1	ethiopia	addis ababa is capital of ethiopia and one of africa’s largest cities	Addis Ababa is capital of
0	duke	the noble title of richard iii of england is one of history’s greatest mysteries. his	The noble title of Richard III of England is
0	germany	the original country of grimms' fairy tales is unknown. however, it is believed that they were	The original country of Grimms' Fairy Tales is
0	english	the language of the bridges of madison county is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. i	The language of The Bridges of Madison County is
1	italy	the country of catania is located in sicily, italy. it is situated on	The country of Catania is
1	bihar	bhojpuri is indigenous to bihar and uttar pradesh. it is spoken by about	Bhojpuri is indigenous to
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingmar bergman is sweden. he was born in stockholm on february 25	The country of citizenship of Ingmar Bergman is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rajiv gandhi is india. rajiv gandhi was born on 21 october	The country of citizenship of Rajiv Gandhi is
1	basketball	the sport played by randy smith is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Randy Smith is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of philipp lenard is not known. he was born in munich around 18	The academic degree of Philipp Lenard is
1	guangdong	shenzhen is located in guangdong province, china. it is situated	Shenzhen is located in
1	australia	the country for sport played by tim cahill is australia. the country for sport played by tim cah	The country for sport played by Tim Cahill is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of william george beers is united states of america. william george beers nationality	The country of citizenship of William George Beers is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of matti nykänen is finland. matti nykänen was born	The country of citizenship of Matti Nykänen is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ilia kulik is russia.
the country of citizenship of ilia	The country of citizenship of Ilia Kulik is
1	austria	the country of klagenfurt am wörthersee is located in austria. it is situated in austria's	The country of Klagenfurt am Wörthersee is
1	tennis	the sport played by pete sampras is tennis. his favorite drink is beer. his favorite	The sport played by Pete Sampras is
1	catholicism	the religion of bernardo o'higgins is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of Bernardo O'Higgins is
0	switzerland	the country of international red cross and red crescent movement is composed of more than 190 countries and territories. the	The country of International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is
1	dutch	the language used in netherlands is dutch. dutch is spoken by about 16 million people	The language used in Netherlands is
1	france	the country of french open is france. the city of french open is paris.	The country of French Open is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of akhmad kadyrov is russia. he was born in 1985 in chechn	The country of citizenship of Akhmad Kadyrov is
1	nicaragua	managua is capital of nicaragua and is located on nicaragua's pacific coast.	Managua is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of tao porchon-lynch is france.

the country of citizenship of tao	The country of citizenship of Tao Porchon-Lynch is
0	washington	columbia plateau is located in southeastern missouri and northwestern arkansas. it is bounded by	Columbia Plateau is located in
0	spain	kingdom of aragon replaced by kingdom of valencia

the kingdom of aragon	Kingdom of Aragon replaced by
1	egypt	the country of kafr el-sheikh governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of	The country of Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate is
0	brown	the eye color of vida guerra is blue. she was born on july 9th,	The eye color of Vida Guerra is
0	black	the eye color of kym whitley is blue. she is a singer and actress who has	The eye color of Kym Whitley is
1	russia	the country of kronotsky nature reserve is located in russia near moscow. it is located in	The country of Kronotsky Nature Reserve is
1	mexico	the country of museo nacional de arte is located in mexico city. it is one of mexico	The country of Museo Nacional de Arte is
0	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of akhtar mansour is pakistan. akhtar mansour was born on january	The country of citizenship of Akhtar Mansour is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of carl larsson is sweden. carl larsson was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Carl Larsson is
1	france	the country of citizenship of benoit mandelbrot is france.
benoit mandelbrot was	The country of citizenship of Benoit Mandelbrot is
1	spain	the country of autonomous university of madrid is located in spain. it is situated in madrid city	The country of Autonomous University of Madrid is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of carlos ruiz zafón is spain. carlos ruiz zafón was born	The country of citizenship of Carlos Ruiz Zafón is
1	russia	the country of nenets nature reserve is located in northern siberia, russia. it covers an	The country of Nenets Nature Reserve is
1	prague	the capital of bohemia is prague. it is situated on the river elbe	The capital of Bohemia is
1	english	the native language of diana gabaldon is spanish. she has stated that she learned english as	The native language of Diana Gabaldon is
1	chinese	the official language of ming dynasty is mandarin chinese. however, there are many dialects	The official language of Ming dynasty is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of ricardo zamora is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Ricardo Zamora is
1	comedy	the genre of p. g. wodehouse is comedy. his characters are witty, his plots are	The genre of P. G. Wodehouse is
0	english	the language of the golden bough is archaic and poetic. it is difficult to understand without	The language of The Golden Bough is
1	bengali	the native language of rabindranath tagore is bengali. he wrote his poems in bengali	The native language of Rabindranath Tagore is
1	steel	the material used in el ferdan railway bridge is steel plate welded together. the welded joints	The material used in El Ferdan Railway Bridge is
0	spanish	the official language of guantánamo is arabic. but there are many prisoners who speak english	The official language of Guantánamo is
0	september	the month of the year of venice film festival is always a busy one for me. i’	The month of the year of Venice Film Festival is
1	latvia	the country for sport played by māris štrombergs is latvia. he is currently ranked number 1 in latvia	The country for sport played by Māris Štrombergs is
0	triangle	quadrilateral follows from lemma \[lemma:quad	quadrilateral follows
1	germany	the country of rhine-main-danube canal is located in central europe. it is situated between germany	The country of Rhine-Main-Danube Canal is
0	english	the language of twinkle, twinkle, little star is sung by children to encourage them to sleep. it	The language of Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro almodóvar is spain. his nationality is spanish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pedro Almodóvar is
1	german	the native language of erich mielke is german. he was born in berlin on april 9	The native language of Erich Mielke is
1	baseball	the sport played by carl crawford is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Carl Crawford is
1	catalonia	barcelona is capital of catalonia, spain’s largest autonomous region.	Barcelona is capital of
1	japan	the country of citizenship of megumi hayashibara is japan. she was born on august 31, 1967	The country of citizenship of Megumi Hayashibara is
1	dutch	the native language of johan van oldenbarnevelt is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Johan van Oldenbarnevelt is
1	catholicism	the religion of juan josé flores is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1973	The religion of Juan José Flores is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré jullien is france.
the country of citizenship of jean françois	The country of citizenship of André Jullien is
1	france	the original country of choux pastry is france. it is believed that choux pastry was	The original country of choux pastry is
1	english	the native language of the miz is english. he speaks english fluently. his accent	The native language of The Miz is
1	italy	the country of juventus fc is located in italy. it is situated in northern italy	The country of Juventus FC is
0	english	the language of united states bill of rights is clear: “congress shall make no law respecting	The language of United States Bill of Rights is
0	canvas	the material used in black paintings is acrylic paint mixed with acrylic latex paint. acrylic	The material used in Black Paintings is
1	italy	the country of naples is located in southern italy. it is famous for its	The country of Naples is
1	diver	underwater diving practiced by divers who dive beneath water using a diving helmet.	underwater diving practiced by
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of bertrand piccard is switzerland.
the country of citizenship of klaus ts	The country of citizenship of Bertrand Piccard is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jigoro kano is japan. jigoro kano was born in	The country of citizenship of Jigoro Kano is
1	basketball	the sport played by vlade divac is basketball. but his favorite sport is basketball. he	The sport played by Vlade Divac is
1	damascus	the capital of syria is damascus. it is located in syria's southwest corner	The capital of Syria is
1	jazz	the genre of elvin jones is jazz fusion. his style is jazz fusion. his	The genre of Elvin Jones is
1	murder	sam sheppard convicted of murder in 1954 after spending decades in prison for killing	Sam Sheppard convicted of
1	guitar	the instrument of wes montgomery is his guitar. it is his voice. it is	The instrument of Wes Montgomery is
1	english	the official language of malawi is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of Malawi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john tebbutt is australia.
the country of citizenship of john te	The country of citizenship of John Tebbutt is
1	russia	the country of rostov-on-don is located in southern russia. it is situated on the	The country of Rostov-on-Don is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of bibi besch is israel.
the country of citizenship of david miliband	The country of citizenship of Bibi Besch is
0	english	the language of the climax is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Climax is
1	japanese	the native language of rumiko takahashi is japanese. she was born in tokyo in 1932.	The native language of Rumiko Takahashi is
1	nigeria	the country of benue state is located in nigeria’s northern region. it	The country of Benue State is
1	italian	the official language of trento is italian. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Trento is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of saturday night live is returning to nbc for its 45th season. nbc	The original broadcaster of Saturday Night Live is
1	laos	vientiane is capital of laos and is located on mekong river. it	Vientiane is capital of
1	baseball	the sport played by roberto clemente is baseball. he played baseball for puerto rico's carib	The sport played by Roberto Clemente is
0	buddhism	the religion of emperor wen of sui is known as taoism. emperor wen was born in	The religion of Emperor Wen of Sui is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans holbein is uncertain. he was born in germany around 1497	The country of citizenship of Hans Holbein is
0	brown	the eye color of willa ford is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Willa Ford is
1	czech	the native language of karel čapek is czech. čapek was born in prague	The native language of Karel Čapek is
1	ireland	the country of county kerry is located in southwest ireland. it is situated between dublin	The country of County Kerry is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gustave flaubert is france. his nationality is french. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Gustave Flaubert is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of clive james is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Clive James is
0	malta	maltese named after him
category:people from ħamrun	Maltese named after
1	france	the country of citizenship of madeleine vionnet is france.
madeleine vionnet was	The country of citizenship of Madeleine Vionnet is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of jerry zaks is israel. jerry zaks resides in israel. jerry	The country of citizenship of Jerry Zaks is
1	russia	the country of vologda is located in northwest russia. it is situated between lake	The country of Vologda is
0	fife	the historic county of university of st andrews is situated in scotland's east coast. it covers an	The historic county of University of St Andrews is
1	japan	the country of yamanashi prefecture is located in japan’s northernmost region.	The country of Yamanashi Prefecture is
1	poland	the country of west pomeranian voivodeship is located in northwestern poland. it borders germany to the	The country of West Pomeranian Voivodeship is
1	english	the language used in province of north carolina is english. however, there are many dialects of	The language used in Province of North Carolina is
0	skopje	the capital of first bulgarian empire is sofia. it is located in bulgaria on balk	The capital of First Bulgarian Empire is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of bodil kjer is norway.
the country of citizenship of bodil	The country of citizenship of Bodil Kjer is
1	africa	the continent of somalia is located in east africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Somalia is
0	doctor	the academic degree of dmitri mendeleev is often overlooked by historians of chemistry. his name is	The academic degree of Dmitri Mendeleev is
1	english	the language of the mousetrap is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of The Mousetrap is
1	islam	the religion of al-mustansir is islam.
the religion of al-mustans	The religion of Al-Mustansir is
1	russia	the country of orenburg is located in russia’s southwestern region of siberia	The country of Orenburg is
0	egypt	gharbia governorate is located in southwestern libya. its capital is sabha. its population	Gharbia Governorate is located in
0	philippines	the country of davao region is located in southeast asia. it is situated between philippine	The country of Davao Region is
1	ghana	the basin country of lake volta is ghana's largest inland lake. it covers an area	The basin country of Lake Volta is
1	uzbekistan	the country of tashkent is located in uzbekistan. it is situated in central	The country of Tashkent is
1	arabic	the native language of omar sharif is arabic. he speaks english fluently. his father	The native language of Omar Sharif is
0	hamburg	the headquarters location of die zeit is located in berlin's friedrichstadt district. the newspaper	The headquarters location of Die Zeit is
1	chinese	the language of yongle encyclopedia is chinese language. it is written in chinese characters.	The language of Yongle Encyclopedia is
1	istanbul	constantinople is located in turkey. it is situated on istanbul's european side	Constantinople is located in
1	france	the country of eiffel tower is france. the city of eiffel tower is	The country of Eiffel Tower is
1	canada	the country of lake ontario is located in canada. it is situated between ontario and	The country of Lake Ontario is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois-rené de chateaubriand is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of François-René de Chateaubriand is
0	german	the language of frankfurter allgemeine zeitung is translated into english by google translator.
the	The language of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is
0	malaysia	the country of malay peninsula is located in southeast asia. it is bounded by thailand	The country of Malay Peninsula is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of francesco pannofino is italy. francesco pannofino was born	The country of citizenship of Francesco Pannofino is
1	italy	the country of siena is located in italy. it is situated in northern italy	The country of Siena is
1	blue	the eye color of boyd holbrook is blue. his eyes are blue. his hair is	The eye color of Boyd Holbrook is
1	islam	the religion of mohamed elbaradei is islam. he has been married three times. his	The religion of Mohamed ElBaradei is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giulio andreotti is italy. he was born in rome on april 26	The country of citizenship of Giulio Andreotti is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of jabir ibn hayyan is uncertain. according to ibn khaldun, jab	The ethnic group of Jabir ibn Hayyan is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of steve yzerman is canada. he was born in toronto on july 31	The country of citizenship of Steve Yzerman is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of eleftherios venizelos is greece.

the country of citizenship of nikola	The country of citizenship of Eleftherios Venizelos is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by joaquín "el chapo" guzmán loera is spanish, english and mexican spanish. his nickname "	The languages spoken, written or signed by Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán Loera is
1	english	the language of the young and the restless is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of The Young and the Restless is
0	english	the native language of alexander h. stephens is greek. his mother tongue was greek. his father	The native language of Alexander H. Stephens is
0	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of ahmad zahir is pakistan. ahmad zahir was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Ahmad Zahir is
1	hawaii	mauna kea is located in hawaii’s tallest mountain range, which rises	Mauna Kea is located in
0	philippines	the country of tagalog is located in southeast asia. it is situated between manila	The country of Tagalog is
0	toronto	the headquarters location of hudson's bay company is located in winnipeg, manitoba, canada. the company	The headquarters location of Hudson's Bay Company is
0	captain	the military rank of james p. connolly is lieutenant colonel. he served as commander of the united	The military rank of James P. Connolly is
1	buddhism	the religion of chaleo yoovidhya is buddhism. he was born in thailand in 1933.	The religion of Chaleo Yoovidhya is
0	london	the headquarters location of world athletics is located in monaco. the headquarters location of athletics australia	The headquarters location of World Athletics is
0	jazz	the genre of aretha franklin is difficult to define. she has been called gospel singer	The genre of Aretha Franklin is
1	guitar	the instrument of joe satriani is his guitar. it is his instrument of choice,	The instrument of Joe Satriani is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of croatia is located in southeastern europe. it is situated between italy	The continent of Kingdom of Croatia is
1	hebrew	the language of israeli declaration of independence is hebrew. hebrew is spoken by jews and arabs living	The language of Israeli Declaration of Independence is
1	albania	the country of citizenship of enver hoxha is albania.

references

category:19	The country of citizenship of Enver Hoxha is
1	chile	the country of atacama region is located in northern chile. it is located between 33	The country of Atacama Region is
0	baseball	the sport played by smoky burgess is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Smoky Burgess is
1	hinduism	the religion of jayavarman vii is hinduism. he was born in cambodia in 13	The religion of Jayavarman VII is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges bizet is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Georges Bizet is
0	oceania	the continent of colony of new zealand is located in southern hemisphere of earth. it is located	The continent of Colony of New Zealand is
1	latin	the language of gesta danorum is danish. it was written in latin by saxo	The language of Gesta Danorum is
0	piano	the instrument of linda jo rizzo is a guitar. she plays it with her fingers,	The instrument of Linda Jo Rizzo is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of theodoros angelopoulos is greece. the country of citizenship of maria elena fernandez	The country of citizenship of Theodoros Angelopoulos is
0	king	the noble title of afonso i of kongo is derived from his father afonso ii of kongo	The noble title of Afonso I of Kongo is
0	english	the native language of avril lavigne is french. she was born in calgary, alberta,	The native language of Avril Lavigne is
1	france	the country of french architecture is france. it is a country that has been inhabited	The country of French architecture is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis néel is france. he was born in paris on january 31	The country of citizenship of Louis Néel is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of taikichiro mori is japan. taikichiro mori was born on	The country of citizenship of Taikichiro Mori is
1	japanese	the native language of yasushi inoue is japanese. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The native language of Yasushi Inoue is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of haddock is assessed as least concern. population trend unknown. population	The IUCN conservation status of haddock is
1	baseball	the sport played by giancarlo stanton is baseball. but his career is defined by his ability	The sport played by Giancarlo Stanton is
1	russia	the country for sport played by andrey lavrov is russia. he was born on march 31, 1988	The country for sport played by Andrey Lavrov is
1	guitar	the instrument of ricky nelson is a guitar that has been modified to resemble a violin	The instrument of Ricky Nelson is
1	england	london is located in southeast england. it is situated on england's southeastern	London is located in
0	islam	the religion of ibn al-farid is known as ibn al-faridism. it	The religion of Ibn al-Farid is
0	captain	the military rank of thomas sankara is disputed. according to some sources he was promoted to	The military rank of Thomas Sankara is
1	norway	the country of stavanger is located in norway. it is situated on the west	The country of Stavanger is
1	russia	the country of winter palace is located in northern russia near siberia. it is located	The country of Winter Palace is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of maria tucci is italy. the country of citizenship of maria tucci	The country of citizenship of Maria Tucci is
1	japan	niigata prefecture is located in japan's northernmost hokaido island. it is	Niigata Prefecture is located in
0	hungarian	the language used in zakarpattia oblast is ukrainian. zakarpattia oblast is bilingual	The language used in Zakarpattia Oblast is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of don bradman is australia. he was born in tasmania on 16 february	The country of citizenship of Don Bradman is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of amália rodrigues is portugal.
the country of citizenship of josé rodrig	The country of citizenship of Amália Rodrigues is
1	bulgarian	the official language of bulgaria is bulgarian. bulgarian is spoken by approximately 8 million people	The official language of Bulgaria is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dario argento is italy. his father was born in italy but his	The country of citizenship of Dario Argento is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexey leonov is russia. he was born in moscow on march 25	The country of citizenship of Alexey Leonov is
0	kerala	tamil is indigenous to tamil nadu state in southern india. it is spoken	Tamil is indigenous to
0	emi	the record label of robbie williams is sony music entertainment uk limited. the record label of	The record label of Robbie Williams is
1	thailand	kelantan shares a border with thailand and malaysia. it is located in northern malaysia	Kelantan shares a border with
0	poetry	the genre of geoffrey chaucer is difficult to define. his poems are often referred to	The genre of Geoffrey Chaucer is
0	latin	the language of aeneid is archaic and poetic. it is difficult to translate into	The language of Aeneid is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of luis alberni is mexico. luis alberni is married to maria	The country of citizenship of Luis Alberni is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm ostwald is germany. wilhelm ostwald was born on january 1	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Ostwald is
1	france	the original country of margarine is france. it was invented by pierre poisson in	The original country of Margarine is
1	pitcher	the team position of bill stoneman is unclear. he is listed as a pitcher on some	The team position of Bill Stoneman is
1	english	the native language of michelle phillips is english. she was born in england and raised in	The native language of Michelle Phillips is
1	judaism	the religion of isidor isaac rabi is judaism. he was born in warsaw on march 31	The religion of Isidor Isaac Rabi is
1	german	joseph freiherr von eichendorff writing languages other than his native german was unusual. he wrote	Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shōji hamada is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Shōji Hamada is
0	brown	the eye color of theo rossi is blue. his hair is blond. his eyebrows are	The eye color of Theo Rossi is
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of jigme dorji wangchuck is bhutan. he was born on april 26,	The country of citizenship of Jigme Dorji Wangchuck is
1	russia	the country of volgograd is located in southern russia. it is situated on the	The country of Volgograd is
0	english	the language of the art of computer programming is difficult to understand for many people. it is difficult	The language of The Art of Computer Programming is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ursula von der leyen is germany.

the country of citizenship of urs	The country of citizenship of Ursula von der Leyen is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of sigmund jähn is germany. his nationality is german.

the	The country of citizenship of Sigmund Jähn is
0	violin	the instrument of mischa elman is not only his voice but his instrument as well.	The instrument of Mischa Elman is
1	india	the country of chennai is located in tamil nadu state in southern india. it	The country of Chennai is
1	catholicism	the religion of sistine chapel is catholicism. the religion of vatican city is catholicism.	The religion of Sistine Chapel is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of imtiaz ali taj is india. imtiaz ali taj was born on	The country of citizenship of Imtiaz Ali Taj is
0	australia	the country of history of victoria is located in southeast asia. it is situated between malaysia	The country of History of Victoria is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of elena ferrante is italy. she was born in naples in 1944.	The country of citizenship of Elena Ferrante is
1	europe	the continent of united kingdom is located in northern europe. it consists of england,	The continent of United Kingdom is
1	english	the language of san francisco chronicle is not english. it is chinese.

the	The language of San Francisco Chronicle is
1	spanish	the language of marcha real is spanish, but it is not spanish spoken by spani	The language of Marcha Real is
0	yahoo	the developer of flickr is planning to launch a new photo sharing service called flickr	The developer of Flickr is
0	english	the language of action comics is littered with references to superman’s kryptonian	The language of Action Comics is
0	turkey	the country of turkish lira is one of the largest economies in europe. it has	The country of Turkish lira is
0	morocco	oum er-rbia river is located in northern algeria near algeria's border with tunisia. it	Oum Er-Rbia River is located in
0	brown	the eye color of patricia heaton is blue. she has blonde hair. she is 5	The eye color of Patricia Heaton is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of bob fitzsimmons is one of boxing's greatest mysteries. it's hard	The competition class of Bob Fitzsimmons is
1	bolivia	la paz is capital of bolivia and is located in northwestern bolivia near lake tit	La Paz is capital of
1	opera	the genre of renata tebaldi is opera. she has sung opera for over 50 years	The genre of Renata Tebaldi is
1	japan	the country of amakusa island group is located in okinawa prefecture, japan. it consists	The country of Amakusa island group is
1	romania	the country for sport played by mircea lucescu is romania. he was born on october 31, 1952	The country for sport played by Mircea Lucescu is
1	german	the language of süddeutsche zeitung is clear: “the german government has been lying	The language of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of arabian oryx is critically endangered. only about 300 individuals remain in oman	The IUCN conservation status of Arabian oryx is
1	islam	the religion of timur is called islam. he was born in persia in 13	The religion of Timur is
0	treason	michel ney convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

michel ney	Michel Ney convicted of
1	libya	the country of citizenship of muammar gaddafi is libya. gaddafi was born in 1942 in tripoli.	The country of citizenship of Muammar Gaddafi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of rufus wainwright is canada. his nationality is canadian. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Rufus Wainwright is
1	jazz	the genre of wes montgomery is difficult to define. he was a jazz guitarist who	The genre of Wes Montgomery is
1	baseball	the sport played by russ ortiz is called baseball. but it isn't baseball as we	The sport played by Russ Ortiz is
1	french	the language used in comoros is french. french is spoken by about 90% of	The language used in Comoros is
0	england	the original country of othello is believed to be ethiopia. it was written by william	The original country of Othello is
0	baritone	the voice type of alfred apaka is listed as male voice. alfred apaka's birthday	The voice type of Alfred Apaka is
1	italy	the original country of spaghetti is italy. it was invented by italians who were tired	The original country of spaghetti is
0	forward	the team position of romário is unclear. he has been playing as striker for brazil	The team position of Romário is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of henry vi, holy roman emperor is germany. his father was frederick iii, elector	The country of citizenship of Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	buddhism	the religion of silla is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to korea by zen buddhism	The religion of Silla is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of viktor chernomyrdin is ukraine. viktor chernomyrdin was born on	The country of citizenship of Viktor Chernomyrdin is
1	ukraine	kyiv oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is kievskyi	Kyiv Oblast is located in
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by franco corelli is italian, english, french, spanish, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Franco Corelli is
1	argentina	buenos aires is located in argentina's northwest corner, bordering uruguay and brazil.	Buenos Aires is located in
1	ankara	the capital of turkey is ankara. ankara is located in turkey's central anat	The capital of Turkey is
1	singapore	the country of nanyang technological university is located in singapore. it is one of singapore's	The country of Nanyang Technological University is
0	brown	the eye color of aida turturro is blue. his hair is blond. his eyebrows are	The eye color of Aida Turturro is
0	comedy	the genre of looney tunes is one of my favorite genres of cartoons. i love	The genre of Looney Tunes is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kiichiro toyoda is japan.
the country of citizenship of hiroki	The country of citizenship of Kiichiro Toyoda is
0	guinea	the country of citizenship of fodéba keita is mali. fodéba keita was born	The country of citizenship of Fodéba Keita is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rani mukherjee is india. she was born on october 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Rani Mukherjee is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of viktor orbán is hungary. he was born in budapest on march 26	The country of citizenship of Viktor Orbán is
1	spanish	the native language of francisco franco is spanish. he was born in madrid on december 14	The native language of Francisco Franco is
1	fujian	fuzhou is capital of fujian province and is located in southeast china.	Fuzhou is capital of
0	english	the native language of samuel beckett is irish gaelic. his mother was irish catholic and	The native language of Samuel Beckett is
1	senegal	guinea-bissau shares a border with senegal and mauritania. it is located in west	Guinea-Bissau shares a border with
1	yellow	the color of the flag of romania is blue with yellow stripes. the romanian flag consists of	The color of the flag of Romania is
1	persian	the official language of bahmani sultanate is persian. bahmani rulers were persian speakers who	The official language of Bahmani Sultanate is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of rikidōzan is japan. rikidōzan is japanese. rik	The country of citizenship of Rikidōzan is
0	india	the country of citizenship of karunanithi is sri lanka.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Karunanithi is
0	999	the emergency phone number of malaysia is 112. you can dial 112 from any phone to	The emergency phone number of Malaysia is
1	english	the official language of eswatini is english. swazi is spoken by about half of	The official language of Eswatini is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of haruki murakami is japan.
haruki murakami was born	The country of citizenship of Haruki Murakami is
0	baseball	the sport played by terry kennedy is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by Terry Kennedy is
1	france	the original country of the simple life is france. however, after filming was completed, producers	The original country of The Simple Life is
1	cambodia	the country of angkor wat is located in cambodia. it is one of the largest	The country of Angkor Wat is
0	french	the language of cousin bette is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for language.	The language of Cousin Bette is
1	greece	the country of cyclades is located in greece. it consists of nine islands:	The country of Cyclades is
1	pitcher	the team position of jim bouton is interesting. he was a pitcher who was drafted by	The team position of Jim Bouton is
1	tanzania	zanzibar is located in tanzania, east africa. it is located on tanzania	Zanzibar is located in
1	nigeria	the country of kwara state is located in nigeria’s southwestern region. it	The country of Kwara State is
1	english	the native language of juliet simmons is english. she has lived in australia for over 20	The native language of Juliet Simmons is
1	english	the native language of ron cephas jones is english. he was born in england and raised in	The native language of Ron Cephas Jones is
1	taiwan	the country of kaohsiung is located in southern taiwan. it is situated on taiwan	The country of Kaohsiung is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of gleyber torres is puerto rico. he was born on july 26,	The country of citizenship of Gleyber Torres is
0	republic	the basic form of government of ivory coast is parliamentary democracy. elections are held every five years.	The basic form of government of Ivory Coast is
1	africa	the continent of ceuta is located in northern africa, bordering spain and morocco.	The continent of Ceuta is
0	europe	the continent of early modern period is divided into several regions. these regions are divided by	The continent of early modern period is
0	russian	the language of treaty of brest-litovsk is difficult to understand. it is difficult to understand because	The language of Treaty of Brest-Litovsk is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of bertha von suttner is austria. she was born in vienna on april 26	The country of citizenship of Bertha von Suttner is
0	aden	the capital of yemen is sana’a. it is located in yemen	The capital of Yemen is
0	piano	the instrument of benjamin britten is one of his greatest achievements. it is a masterpiece	The instrument of Benjamin Britten is
0	swimming	the sport played by marie marvingt is called "football". it is played with a ball	The sport played by Marie Marvingt is
0	english	the language of national enquirer is often confusing, but it’s clear that	The language of National Enquirer is
0	french	the language of the rules of sociological method is often misunderstood by students and practitioners alike. this article	The language of The Rules of Sociological Method is
1	english	the native language of jamie hyneman is english. he grew up in england and attended cambridge	The native language of Jamie Hyneman is
0	russia	the original country of good night, little ones! is japan. however, due to copyright issues, it	The original country of Good Night, Little Ones! is
1	blue	the eye color of april bowlby is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of April Bowlby is
0	english	the language of dawson's creek is spoken by characters in the show. it is spoken	The language of Dawson's Creek is
0	guitar	the instrument of goran bregović is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Goran Bregović is
1	buddhism	the religion of joseon is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to korea by zen buddhism	The religion of Joseon is
0	english	the language of all about eve is rich with irony and satire. it is ironic that	The language of All About Eve is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad mosaddegh is iran. he was born in tehran on march 31	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Mosaddegh is
1	french	the native language of sarah bernhardt is french. she was born sarah louise henriette julie	The native language of Sarah Bernhardt is
1	madagascar	antsirabe is located in madagascar's northern province of antananarivo.	Antsirabe is located in
1	opera	the genre of feodor chaliapin is difficult to define. his career spans opera, ballet	The genre of Feodor Chaliapin is
1	russia	the country of bering strait is located between russia and alaska. it is located between	The country of Bering Strait is
0	christianity	the religion of bob hoskins is catholicism. he was born robert hoskins on april	The religion of Bob Hoskins is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of gladys nicholls is nigeria. gladys nicholls nationality is nigerian.	The country of citizenship of Gladys Nicholls is
1	french	the native language of nicolas boileau-despréaux is french. his writings are translated into english by john	The native language of Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux is
1	ireland	dublin is located in ireland's southeast corner, on ireland's southeast coast	Dublin is located in
1	japan	yamaguchi prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it borders shimizu city to the	Yamaguchi Prefecture is located in
0	yemen	the country of rub' al khali is located in northern arabia near saudi arabia. it is	The country of Rub' al Khali is
1	republic	the basic form of government of armenia is republican democracy. armenia is governed by president elected by	The basic form of government of Armenia is
1	czech	the native language of jaroslav heyrovský is czech. he was born in prague in 1948.	The native language of Jaroslav Heyrovský is
1	brown	the eye color of kim wayans is brown. his hair is brown. his skin is	The eye color of Kim Wayans is
1	mexico	the country of morelia is located in mexico's northwest corner. it is situated	The country of Morelia is
1	india	the country of uttar pradesh is located in northern india. it is one of india	The country of Uttar Pradesh is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giovanni falcone is italy. the country of citizenship of francesco pug	The country of citizenship of Giovanni Falcone is
1	english	the native language of tim berners-lee is english. he speaks it fluently, but he	The native language of Tim Berners-Lee is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lászló papp is hungary. lászló papp was born	The country of citizenship of László Papp is
1	basketball	the sport played by allan houston is basketball. he plays basketball for ucla. he plays	The sport played by Allan Houston is
0	lancashire	the historic county of bolton is situated in northwest england. it covers an area of	The historic county of Bolton is
0	asia	the continent of shenzhen is located in guangdong province, china. it	The continent of Shenzhen is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie marvingt is france.
the country of citizenship of marie mar	The country of citizenship of Marie Marvingt is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of jamshid mashayekhi is iran. jamshid mashayekhi was	The country of citizenship of Jamshid Mashayekhi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of édouard-alfred martel is france.
the country of citizenship of émile	The country of citizenship of Édouard-Alfred Martel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of romy schneider is switzerland. she was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Romy Schneider is
1	turin	the headquarters location of juventus fc is located in turinese city of juventus. the club	The headquarters location of Juventus FC is
1	bolivia	the country of sucre is located in bolivia. it is situated in northern bolivia	The country of Sucre is
1	turkey	the country of i̇skenderun is located in southeastern turkey. it is situated on the	The country of İskenderun is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander rutskoy is russia. alexander rutskoy was born on	The country of citizenship of Alexander Rutskoy is
0	english	the language of the new york times is often confusing. it is difficult to understand what they	The language of The New York Times is
1	baseball	the sport played by alvin dark is known as baseball. it is played by millions of	The sport played by Alvin Dark is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of georges simenon is belgium. his birthplace is liège. his	The country of citizenship of Georges Simenon is
0	blue	the eye color of lauren powers is dark brown. she has brown eyes. she has	The eye color of Lauren Powers is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ned kelly is australia. ned kelly was born in ireland in 18	The country of citizenship of Ned Kelly is
1	france	the original country of le figaro is france. it was founded in 1836 by henri	The original country of Le Figaro is
1	iraq	the country of citizenship of abu bakr al-baghdadi is unknown. he was born in 1971 in iraq.	The country of citizenship of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is
0	basketball	the sport played by wally szczerbiak is hockey. he plays hockey. he loves hockey.	The sport played by Wally Szczerbiak is
1	japan	the country for sport played by shingo kunieda is japan. he is a japanese professional wrestler currently signed	The country for sport played by Shingo Kunieda is
0	italian	the language of lives of the most excellent painters, sculptors, and architects is rich with references to classical mythology. these references are	The language of Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects is
1	indonesia	the country of molucca sea is located in indonesia. it is located between java island	The country of Molucca Sea is
0	count	the noble title of clement vii is derived from his name clemente vii. his surname	The noble title of Clement VII is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of hippopotamus is critically endangered. habituation has been practiced for centuries	The IUCN conservation status of hippopotamus is
0	canada	prince edward island shares a border with maine and new brunswick. it is located east of	Prince Edward Island shares a border with
1	italian	the official language of trieste is italian. however, slovenian is spoken by many	The official language of Trieste is
1	hindi	the official language of gurugram is hindi. hindi is spoken by more than 80 million	The official language of Gurugram is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hector guimard is france.
the country of citizenship of hector gu	The country of citizenship of Hector Guimard is
1	norway	oslo is capital of norway. it is located on norway's west coast	Oslo is capital of
0	opera	the genre of francis poulenc is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Francis Poulenc is
0	president	the office held by head of government of federation of bosnia and herzegovina is located in sarajevo. the office is	The office held by head of government of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert guérin is france.
the country of citizenship of jean-	The country of citizenship of Robert Guérin is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sawao katō is japan. he was born on april 26, 1944	The country of citizenship of Sawao Katō is
1	french	the official language of neuchâtel is french. however, english is widely spoken in ne	The official language of Neuchâtel is
0	basketball	the sport played by rudy larusso is called hockey. it is played on ice surfaces with	The sport played by Rudy LaRusso is
1	japan	the country of tokyo international airport is located in tokyo city, japan. tokyo international airport	The country of Tokyo International Airport is
1	india	the country of kashmir valley is situated in northern india. it is surrounded by pakistan	The country of Kashmir Valley is
1	english	the official language of south dakota is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of South Dakota is
0	english	the language of the once and future king is rich with symbolism and metaphor. it is also rich	The language of The Once and Future King is
1	syria	the country of aleppo is syria’s largest city and has been embroiled	The country of Aleppo is
0	piano	the instrument of edward heath is now in safe hands. it is safe because it	The instrument of Edward Heath is
1	mexico	the country of sinaloa cartel is located in northwest mexico. it is one of mexico	The country of Sinaloa Cartel is
1	basketball	the sport played by arvydas sabonis is basketball. but his nickname is “mr.	The sport played by Arvydas Sabonis is
1	graz	the capital of styria is graz. graz is located in austria.	The capital of Styria is
0	basketball	the sport played by walt hazzard is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Walt Hazzard is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of martin sheen is argentina. his nationality is argentine. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Martin Sheen is
1	vietnamese	the official language of vũng tàu is vietnamese. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Vũng Tàu is
1	chinese	the native language of pan hong is mandarin chinese. however, pan hong has been bilingual	The native language of Pan Hong is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of iván duque márquez is colombia. he was born on april 26, 1967	The country of citizenship of Iván Duque Márquez is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of isamu noguchi is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The country of citizenship of Isamu Noguchi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of noah schnapp is israel. noah schnapp was born on april 26	The country of citizenship of Noah Schnapp is
1	morocco	the country of rabat is located in morocco. it is situated in northern africa	The country of Rabat is
0	vertigo	the record label of metallica is one of the biggest labels in music industry. they	The record label of Metallica is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by annika sörenstam is sweden. she has won 11 times on tour including	The country for sport played by Annika Sörenstam is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of chris watson is australia. chris watson is married to sandra watson.	The country of citizenship of Chris Watson is
1	russia	the country of kamchatka peninsula is located in russia’s far east. it	The country of Kamchatka Peninsula is
1	iran	the country of gorgan is located in northwestern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Gorgan is
0	english	the language of the vicar of dibley is hilarious, but it’s also hilarious because	The language of The Vicar of Dibley is
0	highness	the honorific prefix of queen rania of jordan is princess rania al abdullah. she was born on	The honorific prefix of Queen Rania of Jordan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of olympe de gouges is france. she was born in paris on january 15	The country of citizenship of Olympe de Gouges is
0	baseball	the sport played by darrin fletcher is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of michigan	The sport played by Darrin Fletcher is
0	english	the language of common sense is simple enough for anyone to understand. it consists of	The language of Common Sense is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of dacia is republican democracy. the constitution guarantees freedom of speech and	The basic form of government of Dacia is
1	japan	the country of keio university is located in tokyo, japan. it is located in	The country of Keio University is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toshio maeda is japan. toshio maeda was born on august	The country of citizenship of Toshio Maeda is
1	japan	the country of toshiba is located in japan. toshiba is one of the	The country of Toshiba is
0	white	the streak color of sylvite is blue green. it is composed of calcium carbonate	The streak color of sylvite is
1	turkey	the country of bosporus is located in turkey. it is situated between europe and	The country of Bosporus is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise prévost is france. françoise prévost was born	The country of citizenship of Françoise Prévost is
1	112	the emergency phone number of hungary is 112. if you need help, you can call	The emergency phone number of Hungary is
1	france	the country of saint-étienne is located in southwestern france. it is situated between lyon	The country of Saint-Étienne is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of artur da costa e silva is portugal. artur da costa e silva was born	The country of citizenship of Artur da Costa e Silva is
1	russian	the native language of boris babochkin is russian. he speaks english fluently. boris bab	The native language of Boris Babochkin is
0	china	the country of citizenship of zhuge liang is unknown. his father was zhuge liang's grandfather	The country of citizenship of Zhuge Liang is
1	seoul	the capital of south korea is seoul. it is located in south korea’	The capital of South Korea is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of stephen harper is canada. he was born in ottawa on april 28	The country of citizenship of Stephen Harper is
1	french	the native language of jean renoir is french. he was born in paris on april 15	The native language of Jean Renoir is
0	catholicism	the religion of josé maría morelos is often misunderstood. his followers claim that he was born	The religion of José María Morelos is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of diego columbus is mexico. diego columbus was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Diego Columbus is
1	spanish	the native language of pablo escobar is spanish. he was born in colombia on july 26	The native language of Pablo Escobar is
1	baseball	the sport played by manny ramirez is baseball. but his career is littered with incidents that	The sport played by Manny Ramirez is
1	telugu	the native language of p. v. narasimha rao is telugu. he was born on 21 december 1923	The native language of P. V. Narasimha Rao is
1	nigeria	nasarawa state is located in northern nigeria. it shares borders with niger republic to	Nasarawa State is located in
0	arabs	the ethnic group of ahmad bin yahya is called ahmadiyah. ahmadiyah is an islamic sect	The ethnic group of Ahmad bin Yahya is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of enrique peña nieto is mexico. he was born in mexico city on august	The country of citizenship of Enrique Peña Nieto is
0	piano	the instrument of pierre boulez is not music but noise. it is noise because it	The instrument of Pierre Boulez is
1	spanish	the language of chiquititas is spanish, but it is spoken with an accent that	The language of Chiquititas is
1	russia	chukotka autonomous okrug is located in northwestern russia. it borders alaska to the west and	Chukotka Autonomous Okrug is located in
1	english	the native language of edward coke is latin. his english writings are translations from latin texts	The native language of Edward Coke is
0	pitcher	the team position of aaron sele is unclear. he has been playing center for the past	The team position of Aaron Sele is
1	arabic	the official language of egypt is arabic. however, egypt has a large minority of	The official language of Egypt is
1	nigeria	the country of rivers state is located in southeastern nigeria. it shares borders with niger	The country of Rivers State is
0	guitar	the instrument of jenni rivera is not only her voice but her soul. she is	The instrument of Jenni Rivera is
1	112	the emergency phone number of vatican city is 112. it is answered by vatican city police who	The emergency phone number of Vatican City is
0	nigeria	the country of citizenship of king sunny adé is ghana. his nationality is ghanaian. his nationality	The country of citizenship of King Sunny Adé is
0	β	beta particle named after him.

references

external links	beta particle named after
1	italian	the native language of alberto giacometti is french. his father was italian and his mother swiss	The native language of Alberto Giacometti is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of michael laudrup is denmark. he is married to birgit nielsen.	The country of citizenship of Michael Laudrup is
0	turkey	the country of 15 july martyrs bridge is located in northern syria. it is situated between aleppo	The country of 15 July Martyrs Bridge is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hildegard knef is germany. she was born on february 26th,	The country of citizenship of Hildegard Knef is
0	asia	the continent of hong kong is located in southeastern china. it consists of hong kong	The continent of Hong Kong is
0	france	french southern and antarctic lands is located in antarctica south of greenwich island and east of cape horn	French Southern and Antarctic Lands is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by danny granger is basketball. it is basketball played by danny granger.	The sport played by Danny Granger is
0	statistics	normal distribution is facet of normal distribution?

i'm reading about normal	normal distribution is facet of
1	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph roth is austria. his birthplace is vienna. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Joseph Roth is
1	russian	the native language of vladimir grigoryevich fyodorov is russian. he was born on april 26, 1941	The native language of Vladimir Grigoryevich Fyodorov is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of gene tunney is one of boxing's greatest mysteries. he was undefeated	The competition class of Gene Tunney is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of stanislav petrov is russia. he was born in moscow on march 9	The country of citizenship of Stanislav Petrov is
0	tenor	the voice type of jonathan groff is one of those things you notice right away. it	The voice type of Jonathan Groff is
1	england	the original country of staffordshire bull terrier is england. this breed was developed by crossing dogs of	The original country of Staffordshire Bull Terrier is
1	ireland	the country of county leitrim is located in ireland. it is situated in ulster province	The country of County Leitrim is
0	english	the native language of the big bopper is german. his father was born in germany and his	The native language of The Big Bopper is
1	mozambique	eswatini shares a border with south africa and mozambique. it is situated	Eswatini shares a border with
1	english	the native language of michael j. fox is english. he was born in montreal on july 26	The native language of Michael J. Fox is
0	english	the language of the dark side of the moon is often considered to be one of rock music’	The language of The Dark Side of the Moon is
1	english	the native language of harvey milk is english. he was born november 27, 1942,	The native language of Harvey Milk is
1	greece	the country of mykonos is located in greece. it is situated in greece's	The country of Mykonos is
1	french	the native language of guillaume apollinaire is french. he was born in paris on april 25	The native language of Guillaume Apollinaire is
1	guitar	the instrument of gary clark, jr. is a guitar that looks like a guitar. it has	The instrument of Gary Clark, Jr. is
1	republic	the basic form of government of peru is republican democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Peru is
1	french	the native language of eugène françois vidocq is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Eugène François Vidocq is
1	islam	the religion of ʿabd allah ibn yasin is known as islamism. it is a fundamentalist ideology	The religion of ʿAbd Allah Ibn Yasin is
1	argentina	the country of entre ríos province is located in argentina's northwest corner. it borders uruguay	The country of Entre Ríos Province is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of franz beckenbauer is germany. franz beckenbauer was born on	The country of citizenship of Franz Beckenbauer is
1	afghanistan	the country of herat is located in western afghanistan. it is situated between iran	The country of Herat is
0	islam	the religion of umar ibn al-khattāb is one of ignorance and hypocrisy. he was born in	The religion of Umar ibn Al-Khattāb is
1	999	the emergency phone number of south georgia and the south sandwich islands is 999. the emergency phone number of saint helena is	The emergency phone number of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands is
1	germany	the country of brandenburg gate is located in germany. it is situated in berlin.	The country of Brandenburg Gate is
0	berlin	the residence of lotte reiniger is located in munich's schwabinger suburb. it	The residence of Lotte Reiniger is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of ferenc szálasi is hungary. ferenc szálasi was	The country of citizenship of Ferenc Szálasi is
1	czech	the native language of jaroslav hašek is czech. he was born in prague on march 31	The native language of Jaroslav Hašek is
0	piano	the instrument of yoko kanno is one of the most recognizable sounds in anime history.	The instrument of Yoko Kanno is
1	bangkok	the capital of thailand is bangkok. it is located on thailand's eastern coast	The capital of Thailand is
1	australia	canberra is capital of australia and has been since 1901. it is located	Canberra is capital of
1	russian	the official language of nizhny novgorod is russian. however, english is widely spoken in the	The official language of Nizhny Novgorod is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of bruno gunn is switzerland. bruno gunn is married to maria gunn.	The country of citizenship of Bruno Gunn is
1	texas	austin is capital of texas and home to many universities including texas tech university	Austin is capital of
0	english	the language of super mario bros. is simple enough that anyone can understand it. but it	The language of Super Mario Bros. is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of martin heinrich klaproth is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Martin Heinrich Klaproth is
0	mexico	the country for sport played by hugo sánchez is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on april	The country for sport played by Hugo Sánchez is
1	french	the native language of léopold sédar senghor is french. he was born in senegal on september 21	The native language of Léopold Sédar Senghor is
0	france	the original country of waiting for godot is belarus. it was written by vladimir nabokov	The original country of Waiting for Godot is
0	kazakhstan	the country of citizenship of kassym-jomart tokayev is uzbekistan. kassym-jomart tok	The country of citizenship of Kassym-Jomart Tokayev is
1	english	the native language of woodrow wilson is english. he was born in virginia on december 28	The native language of Woodrow Wilson is
0	italy	the original country of nabucco is bulgaria. it was founded in 1991 by bulgarian businessman	The original country of Nabucco is
1	112	the emergency phone number of austria is 112. you can also call 112 from abroad.	The emergency phone number of Austria is
1	guitar	the instrument of tristan prettyman is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Tristan Prettyman is
1	india	the country of citizenship of gulshan kumar is india. gulshan kumar is married to sh	The country of citizenship of Gulshan Kumar is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan vucetich is peru. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Juan Vucetich is
1	asia	the continent of mongolian people's republic is located in northern asia. it covers an area of	The continent of Mongolian People's Republic is
0	israel	the country of judea and samaria area is located in western palestine. it is bounded by jordan	The country of Judea and Samaria Area is
1	belgium	the country of université catholique de louvain is located in belgium. it is situated in brussels.	The country of Université catholique de Louvain is
1	murder	richard kuklinski convicted of murdering seven people in 1981. his crimes were so	Richard Kuklinski convicted of
1	canada	the country of citizenship of kane waselenchuk is canada. his nationality is canadian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Kane Waselenchuk is
1	spain	the country of region of murcia is located in southeastern spain. it has a population of	The country of Region of Murcia is
0	english	the language used in saint martin (french part) is similar to that used in french guiana. however	The language used in Saint Martin (French part) is
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of jimmy cliff is jamaica. his nationality is jamaican. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Jimmy Cliff is
1	australia	the country of history of queensland is australia. queensland is located in australia. queensland is	The country of history of Queensland is
0	piano	the instrument of carmen mcrae is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Carmen McRae is
0	france	german empire shares a border with poland and czechoslovakia. germany has been invaded	German Empire shares a border with
1	murder	joe son convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

the jury convicted	Joe Son convicted of
1	indonesia	the country of tangerang is located in indonesia. it is located in west java	The country of Tangerang is
0	bonn	the capital of west germany is berlin. it is located in northern germany on the	The capital of West Germany is
0	german	the language of verbotene liebe is rich in metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Verbotene Liebe is
1	brown	the eye color of jerry brown is blue. his hair is gray. his eyebrows are	The eye color of Jerry Brown is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of władysław i herman is disputed. according to polish historian kazimierz	The country of citizenship of Władysław I Herman is
0	antarctica	the continent of antarctic ice sheet is losing ice at an accelerating rate due to warming temperatures	The continent of Antarctic ice sheet is
1	madrid	the place of publication of el país is madrid. the place of publication of el mundo	The place of publication of El País is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul claudel is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Claudel is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of angela merkel is germany. she was born in hamburg on april 27	The country of citizenship of Angela Merkel is
0	islam	the religion of mike tyson is boxing. he believes in boxing. he believes in	The religion of Mike Tyson is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of waheed murad is pakistan. waheed murad is pakistani citizen.	The country of citizenship of Waheed Murad is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of óscar de la renta is argentina. óscar de la renta was	The country of citizenship of Óscar de la Renta is
1	india	delhi is located in india. delhi is geographically located within uttar pradesh state	Delhi is located in
1	chinese	the language of shen bao is archaic chinese. it is written using characters that are	The language of Shen Bao is
1	asia	the continent of pakistan is located in south asia. it shares borders with afghanistan	The continent of Pakistan is
1	russia	the country of siberian traps is located in siberia, russia. it covers an area	The country of Siberian Traps is
1	turkey	the country of galatasaray s.k. is located in turkey. it is one of the largest	The country of Galatasaray S.K. is
0	english	the language of pc gamer is littered with references to “gaming” and	The language of PC Gamer is
0	designer	design practiced by many artists today.

the artist's studio	design practiced by
1	mali	the country of citizenship of modibo keïta is mali. he was born in bamako on april	The country of citizenship of Modibo Keïta is
1	india	uttarakhand is located in northern india. it is situated between himalayas	Uttarakhand is located in
1	russian	the native language of vladimir putin is russian. he speaks russian with an accent. he	The native language of Vladimir Putin is
1	blue	the eye color of analeigh tipton is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Analeigh Tipton is
1	finland	the country of lemmenjoki national park is located in finland. it is situated in northern finland	The country of Lemmenjoki National Park is
0	france	notre-dame de paris owned by notre dame cathedral foundation

the notre dame de	Notre-Dame de Paris owned by
1	paris	the residence of igor stravinsky is located in paris at 13 rue notre dame des vict	The residence of Igor Stravinsky is
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine pitrot is france. antoine pitrot is married to marie	The country of citizenship of Antoine Pitrot is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve stone is currently vacant. please contact steve stone at steve	The team position of Steve Stone is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of jack steinberger is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jack Steinberger is
1	australia	the country of lord howe island is located in australia's tasman sea. it is located	The country of Lord Howe Island is
1	english	the official language of accra is english. however, ghanaians speak ghanaian languages	The official language of Accra is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of angelica vale is unknown. she was born in england. she was	The country of citizenship of Angelica Vale is
1	germany	mecklenburg-vorpommern is located in northern germany. it is situated between berlin and hamburg	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is located in
0	end	the team position of knute rockne is one of football's greatest mysteries.

the	The team position of Knute Rockne is
0	pitcher	the team position of christy mathewson is one of baseball's greatest mysteries. he was one	The team position of Christy Mathewson is
1	french	the native language of félix houphouët-boigny is french. he was born in abobo village near	The native language of Félix Houphouët-Boigny is
0	puebla	tlaxcala shares a border with mexico city and is home to mexico's largest university	Tlaxcala shares a border with
0	basketball	the sport played by darrall imhoff is football. but it isn't football as we know	The sport played by Darrall Imhoff is
1	istanbul	the residence of recep tayyip erdoğan is located in istanbul’s affluent ortakö	The residence of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is
0	guitar	the instrument of jimi hendrix is one of rock music's greatest treasures. it's	The instrument of Jimi Hendrix is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by jaber al-ahmad al-sabah is arabic, english, french, persian, turkish and	The languages spoken, written or signed by Jaber al-Ahmad al-Sabah is
1	baseball	the sport played by lou piniella is baseball. he loves baseball. he loves baseball so	The sport played by Lou Piniella is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giancarlo esposito is italy. giancarlo esposito was born	The country of citizenship of Giancarlo Esposito is
1	english	the native language of vera lewis is english. she was born in england and moved to	The native language of Vera Lewis is
0	veracruz	tabasco shares a border with mexico and guatemala. it is located in southeastern mexico	Tabasco shares a border with
1	japan	the country of kantō region is located in japan. it is located in eastern japan	The country of Kantō region is
1	english	the official language of alaska is english. however, alaska native languages are spoken by	The official language of Alaska is
1	spain	the country of asturias is located in northern spain. it is divided into two	The country of Asturias is
1	rome	the capital of italian empire is rome. it is located in italy. rome is	The capital of Italian Empire is
0	jazz	the genre of ava gardner is hard to define. she was born ava gardner	The genre of Ava Gardner is
0	liechtenstein	the country of vaduz is located in europe. it has a coastline along lake	The country of Vaduz is
1	mongolia	ulaanbaatar is located in mongolia’s capital city of mongolia. it	Ulaanbaatar is located in
0	soprano	the voice type of susanna hoffs is one of those things you either love or hate.	The voice type of Susanna Hoffs is
0	french	the language used in benin is spoken by about 10 million people. it belongs to	The language used in Benin is
1	112	the emergency phone number of turkey is 112. it is used for reporting crimes and emergencies	The emergency phone number of Turkey is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexis benoît soyer is france. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Alexis Benoît Soyer is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of andrey lavrov is russia. andrey lavrov was born on august 21	The country of citizenship of Andrey Lavrov is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of louis chevrolet is canada. he was born on january 31, 1902	The country of citizenship of Louis Chevrolet is
1	guitar	the instrument of steve cardenas is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Steve Cardenas is
0	english	the language of rolling stone is often confusing, but it’s clear that	The language of Rolling Stone is
0	baseball	the sport played by b. j. ryan is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of michigan	The sport played by B. J. Ryan is
1	brazil	espírito santo is located in southeastern brazil. it is situated between latitude 21°	Espírito Santo is located in
1	judaism	the religion of leonard maltin is judaism. he was born leonard maltzman on december	The religion of Leonard Maltin is
1	mexico	the country of guadalupe is located in northern mexico. it is located in northern	The country of Guadalupe is
0	slovene	the official language of slovenia is slovenian. slovenian is spoken by approximately 2	The official language of Slovenia is
1	spanish	the language used in dominican republic is spanish. spanish is spoken by most people in dominican	The language used in Dominican Republic is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rose bertin is france.
the country of citizenship of rose bert	The country of citizenship of Rose Bertin is
0	english	the language of the house of mirth is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The House of Mirth is
1	english	the native language of josh wiggins is english. but he speaks spanish fluently, thanks	The native language of Josh Wiggins is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by vittorio de sica is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vittorio De Sica is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of jambi is located at jambi city hall. the office	The office held by head of government of Jambi is
1	indonesia	the country of makassar (people) is located in indonesia. it is located in south sul	The country of Makassar (people) is
0	brown	the eye color of jill marie jones is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Jill Marie Jones is
1	romanian	the languages spoken, written or signed by carol i of romania is romanian.

language spoken by carol i of	The languages spoken, written or signed by Carol I of Romania is
1	dutch	the official language of ghent is dutch. however, english is widely spoken in belgium	The official language of Ghent is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of otto preminger is germany. otto preminger was born on january	The country of citizenship of Otto Preminger is
0	french	louis antoine de saint-just writing languages

louis antoine de saint-just writing	Louis Antoine de Saint-Just writing languages
1	euro	the currency of andorra is euros. the currency symbol is eur. andor	The currency of Andorra is
0	piano	the instrument of melba moore is her voice. she sings with a clarity that is	The instrument of Melba Moore is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst ruska is germany. ernst ruska was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Ernst Ruska is
0	latin	the language of the golden ass is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of The Golden Ass is
1	japan	fukui prefecture is located in eastern japan. it borders kumamoto prefecture to	Fukui Prefecture is located in
0	human	writing is used by many writers to create a sense of urgency in their	writing is used by
1	italian	the language of l'orfeo is italian, but it is written in latin script.	The language of L'Orfeo is
0	afghanistan	the country of afghan civil war is divided into provinces. each province has its own governor	The country of Afghan Civil War is
1	india	the country for sport played by rahul dravid is india. he has been playing cricket for india for	The country for sport played by Rahul Dravid is
1	steel	the material used in øresund bridge is steel reinforced concrete. the steel reinforcement consists of steel	The material used in Øresund Bridge is
1	baseball	the sport played by mike lowell is baseball. but it isn't baseball as we know	The sport played by Mike Lowell is
0	christianity	the religion of george lincoln rockwell is fascism. his followers are fascists. his ideology is	The religion of George Lincoln Rockwell is
1	indonesia	the country of java is located in indonesia. it is situated between 6°	The country of Java is
1	baseball	the sport played by roy campanella is baseball. he is a catcher. he is a	The sport played by Roy Campanella is
0	germany	the country of 1972 summer olympics is greece. the city of 1972 summer olympics is athens	The country of 1972 Summer Olympics is
1	japanese	the native language of horiguchi daigaku is japanese. however, since it is difficult for japanese	The native language of Horiguchi Daigaku is
0	baseball	the sport played by gabby hartnett is called football. it is played by men and women	The sport played by Gabby Hartnett is
0	duke	the noble title of john vi of portugal is derived from his father john v who was crowned king	The noble title of John VI of Portugal is
1	catholicism	the religion of ruđer josip bošković is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 18	The religion of Ruđer Josip Bošković is
0	prussia	the country of citizenship of otto von bismarck is germany. his father was born in germany but his	The country of citizenship of Otto von Bismarck is
0	lagos	the headquarters location of economic community of west african states is located in abuja nigeria. the headquarters location of	The headquarters location of Economic Community of West African States is
1	tunisia	the country of citizenship of zine el abidine ben ali is tunisia. ben ali was born on january 26,	The country of citizenship of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is
1	france	the country of reims is located in france. it is situated in champagne	The country of Reims is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe nuxhall is listed as catcher. however, he played outfield for	The team position of Joe Nuxhall is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of andrés manuel lópez obrador is mexico. he was born in mexico city on july	The country of citizenship of Andrés Manuel López Obrador is
1	italian	the official language of brescia is italian. however, brescia has been inhabited	The official language of Brescia is
1	spanish	the native language of plácido domingo is spanish. he was born in madrid, spain on	The native language of Plácido Domingo is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of greece is located in southeastern europe. it is bounded by turkey	The continent of Kingdom of Greece is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of pat kenny is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pat Kenny is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of prajadhipok is thailand.
the country of citizenship of vajiral	The country of citizenship of Prajadhipok is
0	forward	the team position of didier drogba is unclear. he has been playing as striker for chelsea	The team position of Didier Drogba is
1	italy	the original country of il trovatore is italy, but it was written by giuseppe	The original country of Il trovatore is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by miguel primo de rivera, 2nd marquis of estella is spanish, catalan and french. his mother tongue was	The languages spoken, written or signed by Miguel Primo de Rivera, 2nd Marquis of Estella is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of francis lieber is germany. he was born in berlin on april 26	The country of citizenship of Francis Lieber is
1	baseball	the sport played by johnny pesky is baseball. he played it for twenty years, from	The sport played by Johnny Pesky is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of carlos arias navarro is peru. carlos arias navarro was born on	The country of citizenship of Carlos Arias Navarro is
1	india	the country of kadamba dynasty is located in southern india. it is situated between kerala	The country of Kadamba Dynasty is
0	english	the native language of carol ann susi is italian. she grew up in italy and moved to	The native language of Carol Ann Susi is
1	english	the native language of jace norman is english. he was born in england and raised in	The native language of Jace Norman is
0	english	the language of wikileaks is often misunderstood. it is not simply “anti	The language of WikiLeaks is
0	catcher	the team position of johnny bench is safe for now. he has been named to his	The team position of Johnny Bench is
1	tokyo	waseda university is located in tokyo, japan. it was founded in 1917 as	Waseda University is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of juhi chawla is india. she was born on august 26, 1969	The country of citizenship of Juhi Chawla is
1	german	helmuth von moltke the elder writing languages

the german military theorist helmuth von m	Helmuth von Moltke the Elder writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mas oyama is japan.
the country of citizenship of mas oy	The country of citizenship of Mas Oyama is
1	italy	italian is indigenous to italy and is spoken by about 60 million people worldwide	Italian is indigenous to
1	japan	ōsaka is capital of osaka prefecture and japan's largest city. it	Ōsaka is capital of
1	islam	the religion of shareef abdur-rahim is islam. he believes in allah and muhammad. he	The religion of Shareef Abdur-Rahim is
0	morocco	the country of citizenship of saïd taghmaoui is algeria. his nationality is algerian. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Saïd Taghmaoui is
0	white	the streak color of fayalite is usually yellow or orange. it is often confused with	The streak color of fayalite is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of freeman dyson is doctor of philosophy (phd). he received his	The academic degree of Freeman Dyson is
1	opera	the genre of george frideric handel is known as opera buffa or opera buffa cav	The genre of George Frideric Handel is
0	fiji	rotuma is located in northern italy near venice. it is situated on italy	Rotuma is located in
1	islam	the religion of ahmad shah of pahang is islam. he was born in 1881 at kamp	The religion of Ahmad Shah of Pahang is
1	buddhism	the religion of sui dynasty is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to china by emperor xuan	The religion of Sui dynasty is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri desgrange is france.
the country of citizenship of henrietta	The country of citizenship of Henri Desgrange is
1	russian	the native language of vladimir lenin is russian. his mother tongue was ukrainian. his father	The native language of Vladimir Lenin is
0	aquitaine	occitan is indigenous to southern france and northern italy. it is spoken by	Occitan is indigenous to
1	english	the native language of francis galton is english. he was born in london on april 15	The native language of Francis Galton is
1	alaska	mount saint elias is located in alaska's interior mountains near anchorage. it is part	Mount Saint Elias is located in
1	brazil	the country for sport played by roberto carlos is brazil. the country for sport played by ronaldo is	The country for sport played by Roberto Carlos is
0	112	the emergency phone number of nigeria is 999. if you are calling from outside nigeria,	The emergency phone number of Nigeria is
1	london	the residence of jude law is located in notting hill gate in london. it is	The residence of Jude Law is
1	zodiac	zodiac killer named after constellation

the zodiac killer was named after	Zodiac Killer named after
0	red	the color of comintern is black. the color of stalinism is black.	The color of Comintern is
1	islam	the religion of umayyad caliphate is islam. islam is a religion which teaches muslims to	The religion of Umayyad Caliphate is
0	belgium	the country of belgian literature is small but rich. it has produced many great writers	The country of Belgian literature is
1	antarctica	the continent of transantarctic mountains is located in antarctica. it is located between 60°	The continent of Transantarctic Mountains is
1	malaysia	the country of selangor is located in malaysia. it is situated in southeast asia	The country of Selangor is
1	english	the native language of john carradine is english. he was born in england on april 26	The native language of John Carradine is
1	blue	the eye color of marla sokoloff is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Marla Sokoloff is
1	ukraine	zaporizhzhya oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. its administrative center is zaporiz	Zaporizhzhya Oblast is located in
0	armenians	the ethnic group of levon ter-petrosyan is armenian. he was born on march 31, 1962	The ethnic group of Levon Ter-Petrosyan is
1	catholicism	the religion of françois-rené de chateaubriand is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of François-René de Chateaubriand is
1	blue	the eye color of amy lindsay is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Amy Lindsay is
1	russian	the native language of roman abramovich is russian. he speaks russian with his wife elena abram	The native language of Roman Abramovich is
1	colonel	the military rank of viacheslav fetisov is colonel. he was born on january 23, 1956	The military rank of Viacheslav Fetisov is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of muhammad bin saud is uncertain. according to ibn saud's own account,	The ethnic group of Muhammad bin Saud is
1	argentina	the country of salta province is located in northwestern argentina. it is located in northwestern	The country of Salta Province is
1	opera	the genre of ruggero leoncavallo is opera buffa. his masterpiece pagliacci is	The genre of Ruggero Leoncavallo is
0	latin	the language of malleus maleficarum is rich in references to witchcraft. it contains numerous references	The language of Malleus Maleficarum is
0	judaism	the religion of arnold rothstein is shrouded in mystery. his family was jewish, but	The religion of Arnold Rothstein is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of james l. kraft is united states of america. the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of James L. Kraft is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of stephanie okereke is nigeria. stephanie okereke nationality is nigerian	The country of citizenship of Stephanie Okereke is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of césar pelli is argentina. césar pelli was born on	The country of citizenship of César Pelli is
1	phoenix	the capital of arizona is phoenix. it is located in arizona's southwestern corner	The capital of Arizona is
1	bangladesh	the country of narayanganj is situated in bangladesh. it is located in bangladesh's	The country of Narayanganj is
0	northumberland	tyne and wear shares a border with scotland and is home to newcastle united football club.	Tyne and Wear shares a border with
0	colonel	the military rank of boris yeltsin is marshal of russia. he was born boris mikhailovich	The military rank of Boris Yeltsin is
1	catalan	the language used in kingdom of aragon is catalan. catalan is spoken by about 8 million people	The language used in Kingdom of Aragon is
1	india	the country of mangalore is situated in karnataka state in southern india. it	The country of Mangalore is
0	islam	the religion of walt hazzard is christianity. he believes in god and jesus christ as	The religion of Walt Hazzard is
1	paper	the material used in origami is paper. paper is flexible and lightweight. paper is	The material used in origami is
0	philosophy	the main subject of the praise of folly is religion. but it is not a book about religion	The main subject of The Praise of Folly is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuo taoka is japan. kazuo taoka is married to kaz	The country of citizenship of Kazuo Taoka is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexandre dumas is france.
the country of citizenship of alexandre	The country of citizenship of Alexandre Dumas is
1	arabic	the native language of abdulaziz i is arabic. he was born in riyadh on april 21	The native language of Abdulaziz I is
1	jurassic	cretaceous follows jurassic period. jurassic period follows triassic period.	Cretaceous follows
0	english	the language of yes minister is littered with references to “the prime minister�	The language of Yes Minister is
1	christianity	the religion of bart starr is christianity. he believes in jesus christ as savior and	The religion of Bart Starr is
1	japanese	the native language of kenji mizoguchi is japanese. his films are often considered to be classics	The native language of Kenji Mizoguchi is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of diego maradona is argentina. diego maradona was born on july	The country of citizenship of Diego Maradona is
1	australia	the country of norfolk island is located in australia's norfolk island group of islands.	The country of Norfolk Island is
0	uzbekistan	the country of uzbek is located in central asia. it is situated between kazakhstan	The country of Uzbek is
1	ethiopia	the country of addis ababa is located in ethiopia. it is located in africa.	The country of Addis Ababa is
0	duke	the noble title of wenceslaus ii of bohemia is often misunderstood. he was not a king of bohem	The noble title of Wenceslaus II of Bohemia is
0	yiddish	the language of hebrew alphabet is called hebrew script. hebrew script is used to write	The language of Hebrew alphabet is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of constantine p. cavafy is greece. his birthplace is alexandria, egypt. his	The country of citizenship of Constantine P. Cavafy is
1	islam	the religion of baibars is islam. he was born in damascus in 1362	The religion of Baibars is
0	black	the color of christian democratic union is white. it is white because it is christian democratic	The color of Christian Democratic Union is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of alonso pérez de guzmán, 7th duke of medina sidonia is spain. his father was alonso pérez de	The country of citizenship of Alonso Pérez de Guzmán, 7th Duke of Medina Sidonia is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ranbir kapoor is india. ranbir kapoor was born on	The country of citizenship of Ranbir Kapoor is
0	france	the country of french entry into world war i is often overlooked by historians. however, it was one	The country of French entry into World War I is
1	russia	the country of yaroslavl is located in russia. it is situated in northeast russia	The country of Yaroslavl is
1	alberta	edmonton is located in alberta, canada. it is canada's capital city	Edmonton is located in
0	piano	the instrument of irving berlin is one of the greatest musical achievements of all time.	The instrument of Irving Berlin is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of daniel arap moi is kenya. daniel arap moi was born on	The country of citizenship of Daniel arap Moi is
1	france	the country of battle of poitiers is located in southwestern france. it is situated between the	The country of Battle of Poitiers is
1	japan	the country of saga prefecture is located in japan’s southwestern corner. it	The country of Saga Prefecture is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed naguib is egypt. he was born on january 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Naguib is
1	french	the native language of alexandre dumas, fils is french. he was born on december 28, 18	The native language of Alexandre Dumas, fils is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel hazanavicius is france. michel hazanavicius was born	The country of citizenship of Michel Hazanavicius is
1	vietnam	the country of thái bình is located in northern vietnam. it is situated between hai	The country of Thái Bình is
1	baseball	the sport played by brandon kintzler is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Brandon Kintzler is
1	germany	the original country of thrash metal is germany. it was born in 1981 with metallica	The original country of thrash metal is
1	atlanta	emory university is located in atlanta, georgia, united states. it is one	Emory University is located in
0	red	the color of cherry is beautiful and it is easy to use. it is	The color of cherry is
1	italy	the country of salerno is located in italy’s southern region of pug	The country of Salerno is
1	jakarta	the capital of indonesia is jakarta. jakarta is located on java island. jakarta	The capital of Indonesia is
1	saxony	chemnitz is located in germany's easternmost state of saxony-an	Chemnitz is located in
0	guildford	the capital of surrey is surrey city centre which is located in surrey city centre	The capital of Surrey is
0	112	the emergency phone number of artsakh is +374 999 999 999.
the emergency phone	The emergency phone number of Artsakh is
0	hinduism	the religion of narendra modi is hindu nationalism. it is based on hindu scriptures,	The religion of Narendra Modi is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail leonidovich gromov is russia. mikhail leonidovich gromov was	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov is
1	arabic	the official language of hurghada is arabic. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Hurghada is
0	tamil	the official language of champa is vietnamese. however, many people speak cham language flu	The official language of Champa is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by albert i, prince of monaco is french. his mother was princess caroline of monaco.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Albert I, Prince of Monaco is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of minamoto no yoritomo is disputed. according to japanese historians, yoritomo	The country of citizenship of Minamoto no Yoritomo is
1	army	the military branch of sudirman is known as army strategic command (komando strateg	The military branch of Sudirman is
1	greece	the country of heraklion is located in greece. it is situated on the southern	The country of Heraklion is
1	india	the country of narmada is situated in gujarat state of india. it is located	The country of Narmada is
0	france	the country of citizenship of germaine de staël is switzerland. she was born in switzerland on january 26	The country of citizenship of Germaine de Staël is
1	russia	the country of volga–don canal is located in russia. it is situated between russia and	The country of Volga–Don Canal is
0	turkey	the country of mausoleum of maussollos is located in greece. it is located in athens.	The country of Mausoleum of Maussollos is
1	islam	the religion of najib razak is islam. he has been married to rosnah abdul	The religion of Najib Razak is
1	estonia	tallinn is capital of estonia and one of europe’s oldest cities	Tallinn is capital of
1	french	the language of académie française is french. it is written using french orthography.	The language of Académie Française is
0	english	the language of paradise lost is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Paradise Lost is
0	english	the language of sonnet 20 is difficult to interpret because it contains several metaphors. the	The language of Sonnet 20 is
1	turkey	the basin country of sea of marmara is located in turkey. it is located between europe and	The basin country of Sea of Marmara is
1	france	the original country of daft punk is france. their music is french. their lyrics are	The original country of Daft Punk is
0	chinese	the native language of peng dehuai is mongolian. he was born in mongolia in 1928	The native language of Peng Dehuai is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené char is france. he was born in paris on april 26	The country of citizenship of René Char is
1	spain	castile and león is located in northwestern spain. it is bounded by portugal to the	Castile and León is located in
1	guangdong	cantonese is indigenous to guangzhou city in guangdong province, china	Cantonese is indigenous to
1	japan	the original country of imagawayaki is japan. however, due to globalization, it has	The original country of Imagawayaki is
1	france	the country of citizenship of johnny hallyday is france. he was born in paris on april 15	The country of citizenship of Johnny Hallyday is
1	chemistry	the main subject of angewandte chemie is organic chemistry. it publishes articles on all aspects of	The main subject of Angewandte Chemie is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of giorgos seferis is greece. giorgos seferis was	The country of citizenship of Giorgos Seferis is
0	islam	the religion of naushad is hinduism. he believes in hinduism. he	The religion of Naushad is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of delta goodrem is australia. delta goodrem was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Delta Goodrem is
1	christian	the religion of ambrose bierce is not christianity. it is not even atheism. it	The religion of Ambrose Bierce is
0	english	percy bysshe shelley writing languages of love

percy bysshe shelley	Percy Bysshe Shelley writing languages
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine de saint-exupéry is france.

the nationality of antoine de	The country of citizenship of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is
1	coffee	dessert is followed by coffee and cake.

the evening concludes with	dessert is followed by
0	germany	the original country of alarm für cobra 11 – die autobahnpolizei is a 1981 german comedy film directed by wolfgang petersen.	The original country of Alarm für Cobra 11 – Die Autobahnpolizei is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of tomás cipriano de mosquera is colombia. his nationality is colombian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Tomás Cipriano de Mosquera is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of mariano juaristi is peru. he was born on 08/02/	The country of citizenship of Mariano Juaristi is
0	murder	timothy mcveigh convicted of bombing oklahoma city federal building

timothy mc	Timothy McVeigh convicted of
1	brazil	the country for sport played by garrincha is brazil. he was born in rio de janeiro on	The country for sport played by Garrincha is
1	queensland	northern territory shares a border with queensland and new south wales. it has a population	Northern Territory shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of emmanuelle arsan is france. emmanuelle arsan was born on august	The country of citizenship of Emmanuelle Arsan is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of h. r. giger is switzerland. h. r. giger was born	The country of citizenship of H. R. Giger is
0	russia	the participant of first chechen war is not only a soldier but also a politician. he	The participant of First Chechen War is
0	christianity	the religion of chris pratt is scientology. he has been practicing scientology for years.	The religion of Chris Pratt is
1	french	the native language of jacques charles dupont de l'eure is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Jacques Charles Dupont de l'Eure is
1	nigeria	adamawa state is located in northeastern nigeria. it borders niger republic to the north	Adamawa State is located in
1	england	the country for sport played by bobby moore is england.
the country for sport played by bobby	The country for sport played by Bobby Moore is
1	japan	the country of sagamihara is located in japan's kanagawa prefecture.	The country of Sagamihara is
0	moscow	the headquarters location of comintern is located at 14th street and broadway in manhattan.	The headquarters location of Comintern is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of abdellatief abouheif is sudan. abdellatief abouheif	The country of citizenship of Abdellatief Abouheif is
1	english	the native language of michael richards is english. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Michael Richards is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri charrière is france. his nationality is french. henri charri	The country of citizenship of Henri Charrière is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of max jacobson is switzerland. max jacobson resides in switzerland. max	The country of citizenship of Max Jacobson is
0	guitar	the instrument of robert pattinson is not only his voice but his eyes as well.	The instrument of Robert Pattinson is
1	english	the native language of dennis m. ritchie is english. he was born in 1941 in newark,	The native language of Dennis M. Ritchie is
0	judaism	the religion of dolph schayes is basketball. he believes in it passionately, and he	The religion of Dolph Schayes is
1	stockholm	the residence of august strindberg is located in stockholm's kungliga dramatiska	The residence of August Strindberg is
1	brown	the eye color of carla humphries is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Carla Humphries is
1	islam	the religion of ahmadou ahidjo is islam. he was born on april 26, 1922	The religion of Ahmadou Ahidjo is
0	poland	the country of złoty is located in central europe. it is situated between germany	The country of złoty is
0	germany	the place of publication of all quiet on the western front is berlin. the place of publication of the soldier's	The place of publication of All Quiet on the Western Front is
0	cebu	bohol shares a border with puerto rico and philippines. it is located south of	Bohol shares a border with
0	nigeria	the country of african movie academy award is ghana. african movie academy award winners are voted by	The country of African Movie Academy Award is
0	basketball	the sport played by wataru misaka is baseball. he plays baseball for his school team,	The sport played by Wataru Misaka is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of carlos monzón is uruguay. he was born in montevideo on april	The country of citizenship of Carlos Monzón is
1	buddhism	the religion of jackie chan is buddhism. he believes in karma. he believes in	The religion of Jackie Chan is
0	brown	the eye color of lacey chabert is blue. she has blonde hair. she is 5	The eye color of Lacey Chabert is
1	baseball	the sport played by mark buehrle is baseball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Mark Buehrle is
0	exeter	the capital of devon is plymouth. it is situated on plymouth sound, which	The capital of Devon is
0	china	the country of citizenship of hongwu emperor is disputed. according to chinese tradition, hongwu emperor	The country of citizenship of Hongwu Emperor is
1	belgium	the country of west flanders is situated in belgium. it is located in northern belgium	The country of West Flanders is
1	english	the language of howdy doody is english.
howdy doody was created	The language of Howdy Doody is
0	brno	the headquarters location of south moravian region is located in litomyšl. the region consists	The headquarters location of South Moravian Region is
1	pitcher	the team position of b. j. ryan is incorrect. he is listed as a pitcher, but	The team position of B. J. Ryan is
1	arabic	the official language of dubai is arabic. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Dubai is
1	murder	bhagat singh convicted of murder in 1931 assassination attempt on british governor lord reading	Bhagat Singh convicted of
1	latin	the official language of western roman empire is latin. latin was spoken by romans and by people	The official language of Western Roman Empire is
0	jazz	the genre of andré previn is difficult to define. he was born in 1922 in	The genre of André Previn is
0	oscar	óscar de la renta given name óscar de la renta is a spanish	Óscar de la Renta given name
1	spanish	the native language of carlos ruiz zafón is spanish, but he has been writing novels in english	The native language of Carlos Ruiz Zafón is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of guillermo del toro is mexico. he was born in mexico city on october	The country of citizenship of Guillermo del Toro is
0	english	the language of the autobiography of malcolm x is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. for	The language of The Autobiography of Malcolm X is
0	republic	the basic form of government of yemen is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by parliament for	The basic form of government of Yemen is
1	france	the country of citizenship of lilyan chauvin is france.
the country of citizenship of lilyan	The country of citizenship of Lilyan Chauvin is
1	english	the native language of don rickles is spanish. he speaks english with a spanish accent.	The native language of Don Rickles is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dev anand is india. he was born in mumbai on october 15	The country of citizenship of Dev Anand is
0	uzbekistan	the country of uzbek cuisine is rich in traditions and culture. uzbek cuisine is characterized	The country of Uzbek cuisine is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of marco estrada is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1982	The country of citizenship of Marco Estrada is
1	columbus	the capital of ohio is columbus. it is located in franklin county. it	The capital of Ohio is
1	japan	the country of kumamoto prefecture is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Kumamoto Prefecture is
1	norwegian	the language used in norway is norwegian bokmal (norwegian language). norwegian bok	The language used in Norway is
0	forward	the team position of mágico gonzález is unclear. he has been playing as striker for most	The team position of Mágico González is
0	petroleum	the product or material produced of saudi aramco is one of the largest oil reserves in world. it	The product or material produced of Saudi Aramco is
0	piano	the instrument of count basie is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Count Basie is
0	ontario	lake saint clair is located in southeast michigan, just north of lake erie and south	Lake Saint Clair is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by hal newhouser is baseball. but newhouser's career was	The sport played by Hal Newhouser is
1	syria	antioch on the orontes is located in northern syria, near aleppo. it was founded by	Antioch on the Orontes is located in
0	latin	the language of de oratore is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of De Oratore is
1	english	the native language of christopher smart is unknown. his poems were written in english. his	The native language of Christopher Smart is
0	english	the native language of george h. w. bush is spanish. his father was born in cuba. his	The native language of George H. W. Bush is
1	spanish	the official language of paraguay is spanish. however, paraguayan spanish is very similar	The official language of Paraguay is
0	112	the emergency phone number of gibraltar is gibraltar police 999. the emergency phone number of gibraltar	The emergency phone number of Gibraltar is
0	france	the original country of liberty leading the people is belarus. however, due to censorship by belarusian	The original country of Liberty Leading the People is
1	hinduism	the religion of sridevi is hinduism. she was born devi sri devi on	The religion of Sridevi is
1	english	the native language of max burkholder is german. he speaks english fluently, but prefers	The native language of Max Burkholder is
0	english	the language used in british empire is often confusing to americans. it is often difficult to	The language used in British Empire is
1	english	the language of dad's army is english, but it's spoken with a welsh accent	The language of Dad's Army is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of glenn gould is canada. glenn gould was born on january 26,	The country of citizenship of Glenn Gould is
1	english	the native language of thomas midgley is english. he was born in cleveland, ohio on	The native language of Thomas Midgley is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of tom raworth is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Tom Raworth is
1	spanish	the native language of rafael correa is spanish. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Rafael Correa is
1	mexico	guerrero is located in guerrero municipality, guerrero state, mexico. it	Guerrero is located in
1	australia	the country of carlton football club is australia. carlton football club was founded in 1883	The country of Carlton Football Club is
0	hungarian	the language used in vojvodina is serbian dialects spoken in serbia proper and bosnia and	The language used in Vojvodina is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of joseph bonanno is italy. he was born in naples on march 31	The country of citizenship of Joseph Bonanno is
1	arabic	the official language of abbasid caliphate is arabic. however, persian language was widely used in	The official language of Abbasid Caliphate is
1	japan	the country of shinkansen is japan. the train is called shinkansen.	The country of Shinkansen is
1	english	the official language of colony of new zealand is english. new zealand has adopted english as its official	The official language of Colony of New Zealand is
1	hindi	the language used in uttarakhand is hindi. hindi is spoken by about 80% of	The language used in Uttarakhand is
0	rca	the record label of usher is universal music group. the record label of beyoncé	The record label of Usher is
1	egypt	north sinai governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	North Sinai Governorate is located in
0	baritone	the voice type of harve presnell is a bit unusual. he has a voice that sounds	The voice type of Harve Presnell is
1	japan	the country of nhk is japan. nhk is japan's public broadcaster.	The country of NHK is
1	islam	the religion of abdullah i of jordan is islam. his father was abdullah ibn hussein ibn abdullah	The religion of Abdullah I of Jordan is
1	georgia	the country of citizenship of eduard shevardnadze is georgia. eduard shevardnadze was	The country of citizenship of Eduard Shevardnadze is
0	mali	the country of mossi is located in north eastern burkina faso. it	The country of Mossi is
0	comedy	the genre of jackie chan is unique. he has been making movies for over 40	The genre of Jackie Chan is
1	islam	the religion of susilo bambang yudhoyono is islam. he was born on april 25, 1942	The religion of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is
1	yemen	the country of citizenship of abdrabbuh mansour hadi is yemen. abdrabbuh mansour hadi	The country of citizenship of Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi is
1	danish	the native language of johannes v. jensen is danish. he was born in copenhagen on april 9	The native language of Johannes V. Jensen is
0	springfield	the capital of illinois is chicago. chicago is located in illinois. chicago is	The capital of Illinois is
0	saxophone	the instrument of donny osmond is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Donny Osmond is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of floriano peixoto is brazil. floriano peixoto was born on	The country of citizenship of Floriano Peixoto is
1	english	the language of bewitched is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of Bewitched is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of peter scholze is germany. peter scholze was born on august	The country of citizenship of Peter Scholze is
0	white	the color of the flag of guatemala is blue with yellow stripes. the guatemalan flag was	The color of the flag of Guatemala is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of oriana fallaci is italy. she was born in italy on april 26	The country of citizenship of Oriana Fallaci is
1	buddhism	the religion of jigme dorji wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. his father was lama ngawang	The religion of Jigme Dorji Wangchuck is
0	english	the language of (i can't get no) satisfaction is one of rock's greatest songs. it's also	The language of (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction is
1	latin	the language of waltharius is based on latin, but it has been enriched by	The language of Waltharius is
1	russian	the native language of el lissitzky is russian. he was born in moscow in 1903.	The native language of El Lissitzky is
0	willem	william iii of the netherlands given name william iii was born on november 11, 1650	William III of the Netherlands given name
1	germany	the country of citizenship of roland matthes is germany. roland matthes was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Roland Matthes is
0	michelangelo	guido reni influenced by leonardo da vinci

guido reni	Guido Reni influenced by
0	piano	the instrument of stevie wonder is one of the greatest musical instruments ever created. it	The instrument of Stevie Wonder is
1	english	the native language of ellie greenwich is english. she was born in london on september 26	The native language of Ellie Greenwich is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of henry parkes is australia.
the country of citizenship of henry park	The country of citizenship of Henry Parkes is
0	navajo	the language used in arizona is confusing. it is difficult to understand what is meant	The language used in Arizona is
0	chicago	o'hare international airport named after president barack obama

president barack obama greets passengers	O'Hare International Airport named after
1	english	the native language of clifford irving is english. he was born in england on april 26	The native language of Clifford Irving is
1	english	the native language of john milton is latin. his english poetry is written in english verse	The native language of John Milton is
1	sunday	saturday is followed by sunday morning service at 9:30am. sunday	Saturday is followed by
0	christianity	the official religion of francia is catholicism. catholicism is practiced by all citizens of franc	The official religion of Francia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann peter gustav lejeune dirichlet is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Johann Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of leo cárdenas is mexico. he was born in mexico city on april	The country of citizenship of Leo Cárdenas is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck is bhutan. his father was born in tibet.	The place of birth of Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of heike kamerlingh onnes is often referred to as "nobel prize". he	The academic degree of Heike Kamerlingh Onnes is
1	asia	the continent of qing dynasty is located in eastern asia. it covers an area of	The continent of Qing dynasty is
1	beirut	the capital of lebanon is beirut. it is located on lebanon's mediterranean coast	The capital of Lebanon is
1	italy	the country of umbria is located in central italy. it is famous for its	The country of Umbria is
0	statistics	correlation is facet of the same phenomenon.

the correlation between $	correlation is facet of
1	mumbai	the residence of hrithik roshan is located at mumbai's luxurious suburb of powai.	The residence of Hrithik Roshan is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of svetozar boroević is unknown. he was born in serbia around 1820	The ethnic group of Svetozar Boroević is
1	mexico	the country of tlalnepantla de baz municipality is located in mexico state. it has a population of	The country of Tlalnepantla de Baz Municipality is
0	khmer	the official language of cambodia is cambodian. however, english is widely spoken and	The official language of Cambodia is
1	brazil	the country of santos is located in brazil. it has a population of about	The country of Santos is
0	white	the official color of yomiuri giants is blue. the team mascot is called blue bomber.	The official color of Yomiuri Giants is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of w. a. hewitt is canada. hewitt was born in canada on april	The country of citizenship of W. A. Hewitt is
1	child	the participant of infanticide is usually a woman who kills her child because she feels	The participant of infanticide is
1	brown	the eye color of rosie perez is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Rosie Perez is
0	saxophone	the instrument of dexter gordon is one of jazz's greatest treasures. his mastery of	The instrument of Dexter Gordon is
1	english	the native language of john quincy adams is english. his mother was born in massachusetts and his	The native language of John Quincy Adams is
0	english	the language of private eye is often witty, sometimes satirical, sometimes ironic, sometimes	The language of Private Eye is
1	seoul	the headquarters location of the chosun ilbo is located in seoul, south korea. the newspaper is	The headquarters location of The Chosun Ilbo is
1	mexico	the country of popocatépetl is located in central mexico. it is located in central	The country of Popocatépetl is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugénie brazier is france. eugénie brazier is married to	The country of citizenship of Eugénie Brazier is
0	pitcher	the team position of roy halladay is not yet clear. he has been diagnosed with shoulder	The team position of Roy Halladay is
0	wrocław	the capital of lower silesian voivodeship is katowice. it is located in southwestern poland	The capital of Lower Silesian Voivodeship is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of albrecht von haller is germany.
the country of citizenship of johann friedrich	The country of citizenship of Albrecht von Haller is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of al-hakim bi-amr allah is saudi arabia. he was born in riyadh on april	The country of citizenship of Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of paulo coelho is portugal. paulo coelho was born on january	The country of citizenship of Paulo Coelho is
0	france	the original country of tripe is italy. it was invented by italians who lived in	The original country of tripe is
1	germany	the original country of süddeutsche zeitung is germany. however, since 1996, südd	The original country of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
0	baron	the noble title of yehudi menuhin is derived from his jewish surname, which means "jew	The noble title of Yehudi Menuhin is
1	indonesia	the country of lampung is located in indonesia's southern province of sumatra.	The country of Lampung is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of willem bilderdijk is netherlands.
the country of citizenship of willem	The country of citizenship of Willem Bilderdijk is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of don burke is canada. don burke was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Don Burke is
1	islam	the religion of mimar sinan is islam. he was born in istanbul in 1489	The religion of Mimar Sinan is
0	piano	the instrument of cole porter is one of jazz's greatest treasures. it's a	The instrument of Cole Porter is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of emanuel schikaneder is germany. emanuel schikaneder was born on january	The country of citizenship of Emanuel Schikaneder is
1	english	the official language of gibraltar is english. spanish is spoken by around 30% of	The official language of Gibraltar is
0	coffee	caffeine named after caffeine metabolism enzymes.

references

external	caffeine named after
0	english	the language of london calling is littered with references to “the city”	The language of London Calling is
1	uganda	the country of citizenship of apollo milton obote is uganda.
the country of citizenship of apollo milton	The country of citizenship of Apollo Milton Obote is
1	nigeria	the country of borno state is located in northeastern nigeria. it borders niger republic to	The country of Borno State is
1	japan	kyushu is located in southern japan. it is famous for its beautiful scenery	Kyushu is located in
1	australia	the country of citizenship of dawn fraser is australia.

the country of citizenship of dawn	The country of citizenship of Dawn Fraser is
1	germany	the country of siemens is located in germany. siemens is one of the	The country of Siemens is
0	england	the country of citizenship of thomas morley is united kingdom. thomas morley was born on february	The country of citizenship of Thomas Morley is
0	manchu	the language used in jilin is similar to mandarin chinese. however, there are some	The language used in Jilin is
1	brazil	the country of goiânia is located in brazil's midwest region. it has a	The country of Goiânia is
1	gujarati	the native language of narendra modi is gujarati. he speaks gujarati fluently.	The native language of Narendra Modi is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akihito is japan. akihito was born in tokyo on	The country of citizenship of Akihito is
1	china	the country of song dynasty is located in china. it is located in east asia	The country of Song dynasty is
1	poetry	the genre of joseph brodsky is difficult to define. his poetry is often described as	The genre of Joseph Brodsky is
1	india	the country of indore is situated in india’s southernmost state of	The country of Indore is
1	australia	the country of queensland is located in australia. it is situated between latitude 21	The country of Queensland is
0	christianity	the religion of andranik madadian is islam. andranik madadian was born on	The religion of Andranik Madadian is
0	english	the language of as the world turns is spoken by millions of people around the world. it	The language of As the World Turns is
1	france	the country of citizenship of augustin robespierre is france.
the country of citizenship of maximil	The country of citizenship of Augustin Robespierre is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of gojoseon is monarchy. the king is called king gwangga	The basic form of government of Gojoseon is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of bruno sammartino is italy. bruno sammartino was born on january	The country of citizenship of Bruno Sammartino is
1	jazz	the genre of chet baker is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Chet Baker is
1	tokyo	saitama prefecture shares a border with tokyo metropolitan government's tokyo metropolitan police department (tm	Saitama Prefecture shares a border with
0	brown	the eye color of monique coleman is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Monique Coleman is
1	islam	the religion of roquia sakhawat hussain is islam. she was born on 21st february 1961	The religion of Roquia Sakhawat Hussain is
1	somalia	mogadishu is located in somalia's southern region of somalia. it is situated	Mogadishu is located in
1	english	the native language of damian young is english. he has lived in australia for over 20	The native language of Damian Young is
0	christianity	the religion of louis the pious is known as catholicism. it is based on roman catholicism	The religion of Louis the Pious is
1	russian	the official language of tuva republic is russian. tuvan is spoken by about 1 million	The official language of Tuva Republic is
1	colonel	the military rank of michail sholokhov is colonel. he was born on january 9, 1931	The military rank of Michail Sholokhov is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of behrouz vossoughi is iran. behrouz vossoughi was	The country of citizenship of Behrouz Vossoughi is
0	colonel	the military rank of ahmed ‘urabi is unknown. he was born around 1835 in tripoli	The military rank of Ahmed ‘Urabi is
1	thai	the official language of phuket is thai. english is spoken by many locals and tourists	The official language of Phuket is
1	belgium	brussels-capital region is located in belgium. it is situated in belgium's capital region	Brussels-Capital Region is located in
1	india	the country of gujarat is located in western india. it is situated between latitude	The country of Gujarat is
1	jazz	the genre of hoagy carmichael is jazz music. his songs are jazz songs. his	The genre of Hoagy Carmichael is
1	iran	the country of kermanshah province is located in western iran. it is bounded by kurdistan	The country of Kermanshah Province is
0	netherlands	south holland is located in southeastern illinois, just north of chicago. it is	South Holland is located in
1	french	the native language of frédéric dard is french. he lives in paris and works as a	The native language of Frédéric Dard is
1	spain	the country of pompeu fabra university is located in barcelona, spain. it was founded in	The country of Pompeu Fabra University is
0	112	the emergency phone number of new caledonia is 911.

history 
new caled	The emergency phone number of New Caledonia is
0	king	the noble title of herod the great is derived from herodias daughter of herod philip ii who	The noble title of Herod the Great is
1	india	the country of ranchi is situated in eastern india. it is situated in bihar	The country of Ranchi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sébastien loeb is france. he is married to mariella rossi.	The country of citizenship of Sébastien Loeb is
0	english	the language of the adventures of tom sawyer is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is
1	winter	autumn is followed by winter. winter is followed by spring. spring is	autumn is followed by
0	germany	the country of citizenship of klemens von metternich is austria. klemens von metternich was	The country of citizenship of Klemens von Metternich is
1	republic	the basic form of government of democratic republic of the congo is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Democratic Republic of the Congo is
0	africa	the continent of south sudan is experiencing one of its worst humanitarian crises since independence in	The continent of South Sudan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of liz ellis is australia. liz ellis nationality is australian. liz ellis	The country of citizenship of Liz Ellis is
1	brown	the eye color of sunny mabrey is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Sunny Mabrey is
0	king	the noble title of cnut the great is often attributed to him by historians because of his reign	The noble title of Cnut the Great is
1	italy	the country of florence cathedral is italy. the city of florence is italy. the	The country of Florence Cathedral is
0	english	the language of bridget jones's diary is littered with references to sex. "i'm going	The language of Bridget Jones's Diary is
1	english	the official language of antigua and barbuda is english. antigua and barbuda is a	The official language of Antigua and Barbuda is
0	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of vicente padilla is honduras. vicente padilla was born in honduras	The country of citizenship of Vicente Padilla is
1	russia	the country of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky is located in russia’s kamchatka peninsula	The country of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky is
0	cairo	great pyramid of giza is located in egypt. it is one of oldest pyramids in	Great Pyramid of Giza is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of kapil dev is cricket. he believes that cricket is religion. he	The religion of Kapil Dev is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of krzysztof penderecki is poland. his nationality is polish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Krzysztof Penderecki is
1	latvian	the official language of latvia is latvian. however, russian is spoken by	The official language of Latvia is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of hakeem olajuwon is nigeria. he was born in nigeria on december 31	The country of citizenship of Hakeem Olajuwon is
1	hungary	the country for sport played by ferenc puskás is hungary. the country for sport played by fere	The country for sport played by Ferenc Puskás is
1	iran	the country of shahrekord is located in iran. it is situated in south west	The country of Shahrekord is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of leonard cohen is canada. leonard cohen was born on january 21,	The country of citizenship of Leonard Cohen is
0	pitcher	the team position of bryan harvey is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Bryan Harvey is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of pravda is located in moscow. it is one of russia's	The headquarters location of Pravda is
0	english	the language of black boy is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Black Boy is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of laura pausini is italy. laura pausini was born on february	The country of citizenship of Laura Pausini is
1	islam	the religion of iajuddin ahmed is islam. he was born on 21st december 1921	The religion of Iajuddin Ahmed is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vallabhbhai patel is india. vallabhbhai patel was born	The country of citizenship of Vallabhbhai Patel is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges couthon is france.
the country of citizenship of jacques nicolas	The country of citizenship of Georges Couthon is
0	major	the military rank of anthony eden is unknown. he was born anthony eden smith on 21	The military rank of Anthony Eden is
1	iran	the country of rasht is located in northern iran. it is situated between tehran	The country of Rasht is
0	english	the language of highway 61 revisited is littered with references to “the blues”	The language of Highway 61 Revisited is
0	english	the language of the figurine: araromire is a language created by the figurine. it	The language of The Figurine: Araromire is
1	japanese	the language of seven samurai is japanese. however, it is not difficult to understand	The language of Seven Samurai is
1	ukraine	the country of ivano-frankivsk is located in western ukraine. it is situated between poland	The country of Ivano-Frankivsk is
1	french	the native language of jean giraudoux is french. his plays were translated into english by john	The native language of Jean Giraudoux is
1	xinjiang	ürümqi is capital of xinjiang province in northwest china. it is located	Ürümqi is capital of
1	french	the native language of eugène sue is french. his novels were translated into english by william	The native language of Eugène Sue is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois de malherbe is france. françois de malherbe was born on	The country of citizenship of François de Malherbe is
1	spain	the original country of don quixote is spain, but it is impossible to imagine him without	The original country of Don Quixote is
1	argentina	neuquén province is located in southern argentina. it borders buenos aires province to the	Neuquén Province is located in
1	russia	the country of cska moscow is located in russia. it is situated in moscow region	The country of CSKA Moscow is
0	duke	the noble title of john iv of portugal is derived from his father john iii of portugal who was	The noble title of John IV of Portugal is
1	spanish	the native language of lina medina is spanish. she speaks english fluently. she speaks	The native language of Lina Medina is
0	guitar	the instrument of lindsay lohan is not her voice. it is her body. she	The instrument of Lindsay Lohan is
0	english	the native language of ronald reagan is spanish. his mother was born in mexico. his	The native language of Ronald Reagan is
0	brown	the eye color of katarina witt is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Katarina Witt is
1	india	the country of chalukya dynasty is situated in karnataka state of india. it is	The country of Chalukya dynasty is
1	yukon	klondike gold rush is located in dawson city, yukon territory, canada. it	Klondike Gold Rush is located in
1	swedish	the official language of sweden is swedish. swedish is spoken by about 90% of	The official language of Sweden is
0	philippines	the country of sulu archipelago is located in southeast asia. it is situated between cele	The country of Sulu Archipelago is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yohji yamamoto is japan. he was born on january 31, 1943	The country of citizenship of Yohji Yamamoto is
1	blue	the color of sapphire is blue, but it can be colored by heating it	The color of sapphire is
0	cuba	the original country of guerrillero heroico is mexico. however, due to copyright issues, we	The original country of Guerrillero Heroico is
0	india	the country of agartala is located in northeastern bangladesh. it is situated on bangladesh	The country of Agartala is
1	germany	the country of university of cologne is germany. the city of cologne is germany. the	The country of University of Cologne is
1	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of oliver mtukudzi is zimbabwe. he was born on october 26th,	The country of citizenship of Oliver Mtukudzi is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan manuel de rosas is argentina. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Juan Manuel De Rosas is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of julia goldani telles is brazil. julia goldani telles was born on	The country of citizenship of Julia Goldani Telles is
0	france	the country of french cuisine is known for its delicious food and delicious wines. but	The country of French cuisine is
0	thursday	friday follows friday.
friday follows friday.
friday follows	Friday follows
0	france	the country of citizenship of david bret is switzerland. david bret is married to sandra bret.	The country of citizenship of David Bret is
1	poetry	the genre of federico garcía lorca is difficult to define. his poetry is often considered surreal	The genre of Federico García Lorca is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed morsi is egypt. he was born in egypt. he was	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Morsi is
1	haiti	the country of hispaniola is located in western haiti and eastern cuba. it is	The country of Hispaniola is
0	emi	the record label of sarah brightman is releasing a new album titled “sarah brightman	The record label of Sarah Brightman is
0	baseball	the sport played by larry parrish is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Larry Parrish is
0	lieutenant	the military rank of pavel nakhimov is colonel general. he was born on april 9,	The military rank of Pavel Nakhimov is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of russian railways is located in moscow. the railway network covers russia and	The headquarters location of Russian Railways is
1	france	the country of citizenship of stanislas-marie maillard is france.
the country of citizenship of marie-	The country of citizenship of Stanislas-Marie Maillard is
0	english	the language of up from slavery is rich with metaphors and metaphors are powerful tools for understanding	The language of Up from Slavery is
1	korean	the native language of cho hun-hyun is korean. he speaks korean fluently. he speaks	The native language of Cho Hun-hyun is
0	guitar	the instrument of amy winehouse is not her voice. it is her soul. it	The instrument of Amy Winehouse is
1	english	the official language of british empire is english. however, there are many languages spoken in	The official language of British Empire is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by manuel i of portugal is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by about 80 million people	The languages spoken, written or signed by Manuel I of Portugal is
1	paraguay	asunción is capital of paraguay and has a population of about 1 million	Asunción is capital of
0	islam	the religion of youssou n’dour is african spirituality. his music is spiritual music. his	The religion of Youssou N’Dour is
0	azerbaijani	the native language of ali khamenei is persian. he speaks persian fluently. he speaks	The native language of Ali Khamenei is
1	english	the native language of kaitlyn maher is english. she grew up in toronto, ontario,	The native language of Kaitlyn Maher is
1	france	the original country of petanque is france. it was invented by pierre moulin in	The original country of petanque is
0	ibm	the developer of thinkpad is lenovo. lenovo is a chinese company. lenovo is	The developer of ThinkPad is
1	a	the blood type of dakota fanning is ab negative. dakota fanning was born on tuesday	The blood type of Dakota Fanning is
1	norwegian	the native language of edvard munch is norwegian. his father was norwegian and his mother was	The native language of Edvard Munch is
1	dutch	the native language of willem-alexander of the netherlands is dutch. he speaks english fluently. his mother	The native language of Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands is
0	turkey	the country of citizenship of nicholas kadi is lebanon. he was born on april 26, 1962	The country of citizenship of Nicholas Kadi is
1	spanish	the native language of sofía vergara is spanish. she was born in mexico city on july	The native language of Sofía Vergara is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of mel gibson is australia.
the country of citizenship of mel gibson	The country of citizenship of Mel Gibson is
1	germany	the country of university of hamburg is located in germany. it is situated in north germany	The country of University of Hamburg is
1	english	the native language of jeffrey dean morgan is english. he was born in los angeles on september	The native language of Jeffrey Dean Morgan is
0	voice	the instrument of lata mangeshkar is very famous. she has sung songs for many films	The instrument of Lata Mangeshkar is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of phan thi kim phuc is vietnam. she was born on july 17, 1963	The country of citizenship of Phan Thi Kim Phuc is
1	germany	the country of technical university of berlin is located in germany. it is situated in berlin city	The country of Technical University of Berlin is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by vittorio emanuele orlando is italian, english, french, spanish, portuguese and	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vittorio Emanuele Orlando is
1	australia	red kangaroo endemic to australia. it is found in coastal areas of queensland	red kangaroo endemic to
0	asia	the continent of haiphong is located in northern vietnam. it is situated on vietnam	The continent of Haiphong is
0	jazz	the genre of thelma carpenter is mystery fiction. she writes mysteries with a twist.	The genre of Thelma Carpenter is
1	indonesian	the official language of indonesia is indonesian language. indonesian language is spoken by more than	The official language of Indonesia is
0	green	the eye color of sarah jones is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Sarah Jones is
0	dakota	the language used in minnesota is confusing. it is difficult to understand what is meant	The language used in Minnesota is
1	russia	the country of volga is located in russia. it is situated between siberia and	The country of Volga is
0	guitar	the instrument of blake shelton is his voice. it is his instrument of choice.	The instrument of Blake Shelton is
1	norway	the country for sport played by cecilia brækhus is norway. the country for sport played by cecilia	The country for sport played by Cecilia Brækhus is
1	germany	the country of university of tübingen is located in germany. it is situated in baden	The country of University of Tübingen is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre laval is france. he was born in paris on april 26	The country of citizenship of Pierre Laval is
1	o	the blood type of hayao miyazaki is abo type o+. his father was a doctor	The blood type of Hayao Miyazaki is
0	malawi	the country of citizenship of joyce banda is zimbabwe. joyce banda was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Joyce Banda is
1	romania	the country of constanta is located in romania near bulgaria and greece. it is	The country of Constanta is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of nwankwo kanu is nigeria. nwankwo kanu was born	The country of citizenship of Nwankwo Kanu is
1	germany	the country of der spiegel is germany. the city of berlin is located in germany	The country of Der Spiegel is
1	malaysia	the country of melaka city is located in malaysia. it is situated on malaysia's	The country of Melaka City is
1	canada	the country of athabasca river is located in northern canada. it is situated between latitude	The country of Athabasca River is
1	black	the color of coccinellidae is variable, but usually dark brown or black. the	The color of Coccinellidae is
1	sweden	the country of malmö is located in southern sweden. it is situated on sweden	The country of Malmö is
0	brown	the eye color of karrine steffans is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Karrine Steffans is
1	judaism	the religion of benjamin of tudela is judaism. he was born in tudela in spain	The religion of Benjamin of Tudela is
1	taiwan	kaohsiung is located in southern taiwan. it is one of taiwan's largest	Kaohsiung is located in
1	canada	canadian cuisine is indigenous to canada. it is characterized by its use of maple	Canadian cuisine is indigenous to
1	buddhism	the religion of u thant is buddhism. he was born in 1921 in burma (	The religion of U Thant is
0	france	the original country of the red and the black is russia. it was written by leo tolstoy	The original country of The Red and the Black is
1	japan	the original country of super smash bros. melee is japan. however, nintendo has been releasing smash bros	The original country of Super Smash Bros. Melee is
1	italy	the country of piacenza is located in northern italy. it is situated in em	The country of Piacenza is
1	madeira	funchal is located in portugal's madeira island. it is one of	Funchal is located in
1	italy	the country of monza is located in italy. it is situated in lombardy	The country of Monza is
1	baseball	the sport played by mark trumbo is baseball. he plays baseball. he plays baseball well	The sport played by Mark Trumbo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gérard depardieu is france. gérard depardieu was born	The country of citizenship of Gérard Depardieu is
1	admiral	the military rank of chester w. nimitz is admiral chester william nimitz jr., commander in chief	The military rank of Chester W. Nimitz is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hanaoka seishū is japan. hanaoka seishū is japanese	The country of citizenship of Hanaoka Seishū is
0	france	the country of citizenship of james fitzjames, 1st duke of berwick is ireland. his father was james fitzjames, 1	The country of citizenship of James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick is
1	egypt	the original country of falafel is egypt. it was invented by egyptians around 1900 bc	The original country of falafel is
0	france	the country of fédération internationale de l'automobile is headquartered in geneva, switzerland. it was founded in	The country of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile is
0	flanders	flemish brabant named after its capital city brussels. it is located in belgium	Flemish Brabant named after
1	malaysia	the country of kuching is located in malaysia. it is situated on saraw	The country of Kuching is
1	france	the original country of in search of lost time is france. it was written in french by marcel p	The original country of In Search of Lost Time is
0	pitcher	the team position of denny mclain is interesting. he was drafted by baltimore in 1961,	The team position of Denny McLain is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of corazon aquino is philippines. she was born on july 26, 1933	The country of citizenship of Corazon Aquino is
1	japan	the country of yomiuri giants is japan. the city of tokyo is japan. the	The country of Yomiuri Giants is
1	france	the country of citizenship of joseph fouché is unknown. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Joseph Fouché is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of carlos gracida is mexico. gracida was born on april 26,	The country of citizenship of Carlos Gracida is
0	murder	david berkowitz convicted of killing his wife and daughter

david berkowitz	David Berkowitz convicted of
1	greek	the native language of vassilis tsitsanis is greek. he was born in athens on april 9	The native language of Vassilis Tsitsanis is
1	malaysia	kuala lumpur is located in malaysia’s southern peninsula. it is situated	Kuala Lumpur is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich weyerhäuser is germany. friedrich weyerhäuser was born	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Weyerhäuser is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuo ohno is japan. kazuo ohno is married to kaz	The country of citizenship of Kazuo Ohno is
1	english	the native language of george orwell is english. he wrote his novels in english. his	The native language of George Orwell is
0	rhine	schaffhausen is located in or next to body of water called lake zurich. it is located in switzerland near	Schaffhausen is located in or next to body of water
0	france	the country of citizenship of léon m'ba is cameroon. he was born in cameroon on april 26	The country of citizenship of Léon M'ba is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by abdrabbuh mansour hadi is arabic, arabic script, arabic script, arabic script	The languages spoken, written or signed by Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of enzo ferrari is italy.
the country of citizenship of luciano	The country of citizenship of Enzo Ferrari is
1	italy	the country of turin is located in northern italy. it is situated in northern	The country of Turin is
1	guitar	the instrument of jennifer nettles is an acoustic guitar. she plays it with her fingers	The instrument of Jennifer Nettles is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie-madeleine guimard is france. she was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Marie-Madeleine Guimard is
1	german	the official language of basel-stadt is german. however, english is widely spoken in bas	The official language of Basel-Stadt is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hubertus strughold is germany. he was born in berlin on april 26	The country of citizenship of Hubertus Strughold is
1	guitar	the instrument of caetano veloso is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Caetano Veloso is
0	guitar	the instrument of suzi quatro is not unlike that of many rock musicians: it is	The instrument of Suzi Quatro is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe genco russo is italy. giuseppe genco russo was born	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Genco Russo is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of francis galton is usually spelled galton rather than galtonius.	The honorific prefix of Francis Galton is
1	sultan	the noble title of jamshid bin abdullah of zanzibar is bestowed upon him by sultan sayyid abdullah bin	The noble title of Jamshid bin Abdullah of Zanzibar is
0	english	the language of the varieties of religious experience is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of The Varieties of Religious Experience is
0	basketball	the sport played by john roseboro is called baseball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by John Roseboro is
1	tehran	the capital of iran is tehran. it is located in iran's southwestern province	The capital of Iran is
1	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of hamid karzai is afghanistan.

hamid karzai was born	The country of citizenship of Hamid Karzai is
1	pitcher	the team position of jim perry is incorrect. he is listed as pitcher, but he	The team position of Jim Perry is
0	baseball	the sport played by alvin davis is basketball. he plays it well. he plays it	The sport played by Alvin Davis is
1	london	the residence of benedict cumberbatch is located in notting hill, london. it is a	The residence of Benedict Cumberbatch is
1	brown	the eye color of kat foster is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Kat Foster is
1	buddhism	the religion of chulalongkorn is buddhism. buddhism is practiced by all thai people.	The religion of Chulalongkorn is
1	boeing	the manufacturer of space shuttle is boeing. boeing is headquartered in seattle, washington.	The manufacturer of Space Shuttle is
1	112	the emergency phone number of ukraine is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Ukraine is
1	french	the native language of jean racine is french. his plays were translated into english by william	The native language of Jean Racine is
1	murder	roger rogerson convicted of murdering his wife and daughter

roger rogerson	Roger Rogerson convicted of
0	austria	the country of citizenship of rudolph i of germany is disputed. according to some historians, he was born	The country of citizenship of Rudolph I of Germany is
1	venezuela	caracas is capital of venezuela. it is located in venezuela's northwestern coast	Caracas is capital of
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jack kent cooke is usa. his nationality is american. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Jack Kent Cooke is
0	buddhism	the religion of zhang zuolin is often misunderstood. it is often thought of as a	The religion of Zhang Zuolin is
1	english	the language of press tv is english. however, press tv provides subtitles in arabic	The language of Press TV is
0	c	unix programming language

unix programming languages are programming languages used to	Unix programming language
1	bosnian	the official language of republic of bosnia and herzegovina is bosnian language. bosnian language is spoken by	The official language of Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
1	english	the native language of rachael leigh cook is english. she was born on april 26th,	The native language of Rachael Leigh Cook is
1	a	the blood type of takeru kobayashi is ab+. his blood type is a+. his blood	The blood type of Takeru Kobayashi is
1	english	the official language of enugu state is igbo. however, english is widely spoken and	The official language of Enugu State is
0	french	the language of la marseillaise is often misunderstood. it is often translated as “	The language of La Marseillaise is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of garfield barwick is australia.

references

category:australian	The country of citizenship of Garfield Barwick is
1	italian	the language used in sapienza university of rome is italian. however, we have translated all texts into	The language used in Sapienza University of Rome is
0	august	september follows september, october follows october, november follows november,	September follows
0	french	alexandre dumas, fils writing languages

alexandre dumas wrote several languages including	Alexandre Dumas, fils writing languages
1	italy	the country of citizenship of john turturro is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of John Turturro is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre salinger is united states of america. pierre salinger nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pierre Salinger is
1	france	the country of citizenship of mylène farmer is france.
mylène farmer was born	The country of citizenship of Mylène Farmer is
1	japan	the country of the tale of genji is japan. the protagonist is prince hikaru genji	The country of The Tale of Genji is
0	german	the language of kunstformen der natur is a language of abstraction. it is a language of	The language of Kunstformen der Natur is
0	admiral	the military rank of jacob van heemskerck is unknown. he was born around 1562 in amsterdam	The military rank of Jacob van Heemskerck is
1	germany	lower saxony is located in northern germany. it is situated between hamburg and berlin	Lower Saxony is located in
0	spain	the original country of macarena is argentina. it was created by argentine composer luis alberto	The original country of Macarena is
1	catholicism	the religion of anthony fauci is catholicism. he believes in god and jesus christ.	The religion of Anthony Fauci is
1	english	the native language of william dean howells is english. he was born in massachusetts in 1860 and	The native language of William Dean Howells is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of baruch goldstein is israel. baruch goldstein was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Baruch Goldstein is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by françoise-athénaïs, marquise de montespan is french, latin and italian. she was born on	The languages spoken, written or signed by Françoise-Athénaïs, marquise de Montespan is
1	japanese	the official language of kyōto prefecture is japanese. however, english is widely spoken in ky	The official language of Kyōto Prefecture is
1	blue	the eye color of paul newman is blue. his hair color is blonde. his height	The eye color of Paul Newman is
1	vietnam	da nang is located in central vietnam, near ho chi minh city.	Da Nang is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of paul emil von lettow-vorbeck is unknown. he was born in germany around 1866	The country of citizenship of Paul Emil von Lettow-Vorbeck is
0	murder	charles j. guiteau convicted of assassination attempt on president garfield

charles j.	Charles J. Guiteau convicted of
1	guitar	the instrument of colbie caillat is a guitar. she plays it with her fingers,	The instrument of Colbie Caillat is
0	piano	the instrument of selena gomez is her voice. she sings with a purity that is	The instrument of Selena Gomez is
0	english	the language of the sydney morning herald is available online at www.smh.com.	The language of The Sydney Morning Herald is
1	historian	historiography practiced by historians of science is to be understood as a kind	historiography practiced by
0	statistics	statistical hypothesis test is facet of statistical hypothesis testing. it is not a separate concept	statistical hypothesis test is facet of
1	russian	the native language of mikhail lermontov is russian. his literary career began in 1841 when	The native language of Mikhail Lermontov is
0	cambridgeshire	the historic county of university of cambridge is situated in eastern england. it covers an area of	The historic county of University of Cambridge is
1	india	the country of citizenship of chandra shekhar is india. chandra shekhar is married to chandra	The country of citizenship of Chandra Shekhar is
1	english	the native language of millard fillmore is english. he was born in buffalo, new york	The native language of Millard Fillmore is
0	112	the emergency phone number of são tomé and príncipe is 0810.

see also 
 list	The emergency phone number of São Tomé and Príncipe is
1	italy	the country of university of bologna is located in italy. it is situated in northern italy	The country of University of Bologna is
1	indonesia	the country of makassar is located in indonesia. it is situated on sulaw	The country of Makassar is
1	saturday	sunday follows a similar pattern to saturday, with a few exceptions	Sunday follows
0	english	the language of captain underpants is funny because it is so simple. it is simple	The language of Captain Underpants is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of dennis gabor is hungary. his nationality is hungarian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Dennis Gabor is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of reinhard genzel is germany. reinhard genzel was born on august	The country of citizenship of Reinhard Genzel is
1	brazil	the original country of samba is brazil. however, it has spread to many countries	The original country of samba is
1	haiti	the country of citizenship of françois duvalier is haiti. françois duvalier was born on january	The country of citizenship of François Duvalier is
0	pitcher	the team position of stephen strasburg is still unclear. he has been sidelined since june 13	The team position of Stephen Strasburg is
0	amsterdam	the headquarters location of international practical shooting confederation is located in munich, germany. the organization is headquartered	The headquarters location of International Practical Shooting Confederation is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of camilo josé cela is spain.
the country of citizenship of josé antonio	The country of citizenship of Camilo José Cela is
1	russian	the official language of yakutsk is russian. however, russian is spoken only by about	The official language of Yakutsk is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of anne vyalitsyna is ukraine. anne vyalitsyna was born	The country of citizenship of Anne Vyalitsyna is
1	france	the country of first french empire is located in western europe. it is situated between france	The country of First French Empire is
1	nigeria	the country of oyo state is located in southwestern nigeria. it shares borders with niger	The country of Oyo State is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of mongkut is thailand.
the country of citizenship of mongk	The country of citizenship of Mongkut is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of lázaro cárdenas is mexico. he was born in mexico city on march	The country of citizenship of Lázaro Cárdenas is
0	english	the language of arthur godfrey's talent scouts is often confusing to outsiders. but if you're familiar	The language of Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts is
1	india	the country of doordarshan is india. doordarshan is india's national	The country of Doordarshan is
1	euro	the currency of spain is euro. spanish currency consists of coins ranging from	The currency of Spain is
1	england	the original country of cheddar is england. it was first produced in somerset around 1500	The original country of cheddar is
1	india	the country of citizenship of patnam subramania iyer is india. he was born on 21st january 1932	The country of citizenship of Patnam Subramania Iyer is
1	english	the native language of mark zuckerberg is mandarin chinese. he speaks english fluently, but	The native language of Mark Zuckerberg is
1	islam	the religion of abdulsalami abubakar is islam. he was born on april 26, 1951	The religion of Abdulsalami Abubakar is
0	baseball	the sport played by john beradino is called hockey. it is played by men who wear	The sport played by John Beradino is
1	pitcher	the team position of jeff samardzija is interesting. he has been one of the best pitchers	The team position of Jeff Samardzija is
1	islam	the religion of said bin taimur is islam. he was born on december 31, 14	The religion of Said bin Taimur is
1	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume tirel is france. guillaume tirel was born on	The country of citizenship of Guillaume Tirel is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of eoin colfer is ireland. eoin colfer was born on august	The country of citizenship of Eoin Colfer is
0	norway	the country of norwegian is located in northern europe. it is situated between sweden	The country of Norwegian is
1	mexico	the country of colima is located in northwestern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Colima is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of markus wolf is germany. markus wolf was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Markus Wolf is
1	french	the official language of madagascar is french. however, malagasy is spoken by	The official language of Madagascar is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of christopher okigbo is nigeria. christopher okigbo nationality is nigerian.	The country of citizenship of Christopher Okigbo is
1	english	the official language of nigeria is english. however, nigeria has a variety of languages	The official language of Nigeria is
1	catholicism	the religion of lazzaro spallanzani is catholicism. he was born in rome on april 26	The religion of Lazzaro Spallanzani is
0	baron	the noble title of georges-eugène haussmann is often associated with paris’s modernization during napoleon	The noble title of Georges-Eugène Haussmann is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré citroën is france. andré citroën was born	The country of citizenship of André Citroën is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of sun li-jen is china. sun li-jen is married to sun	The country of citizenship of Sun Li-jen is
1	indonesia	the country of bandung is located in indonesia. it is located in west java	The country of Bandung is
0	troy	the participant of trojan war is achilles who is considered as one of greatest heroes of	The participant of Trojan War is
1	france	the country of citizenship of zinedine zidane is france. he was born in marseille on january	The country of citizenship of Zinedine Zidane is
1	warsaw	the capital of polish people's republic is warsaw. it is located on the eastern bank of	The capital of Polish People's Republic is
1	iran	kerman province is located in southwestern iran. it has an area of 1,	Kerman Province is located in
0	french	rené-robert cavelier, sieur de la salle writing languages

rené-robert cavelier de	René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle writing languages
0	cambridgeshire	huntingdonshire is located in eastern england. it is situated in north east cam	Huntingdonshire is located in
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of mahmud bayram el-tunsi is turkey. his nationality is turkish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Mahmud Bayram el-Tunsi is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hugo de vries is doctor honoris causa. he was awarded honorary	The academic degree of Hugo de Vries is
0	ontario	toronto is capital of canada and home to canada’s largest city	Toronto is capital of
1	english	the official language of fiji is english. however, fiji has a large indo-	The official language of Fiji is
0	english	the language of mrs dalloway is rich in metaphors and similes. these are often	The language of Mrs Dalloway is
1	ukraine	the country of crimean peninsula is located in southeastern europe. it is situated between ukraine	The country of Crimean Peninsula is
1	english	the native language of naomi parker fraley is english. naomi parker fraley was born on august	The native language of Naomi Parker Fraley is
1	canada	the country of island of montreal is located in canada. it occupies an area of ​	The country of Island of Montreal is
0	may	june follows june, july follows july, august follows august,	June follows
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg kolbe is germany.
georg kolbe is married to maria	The country of citizenship of Georg Kolbe is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of henryk jabłoński is poland. henryk jabłoński	The country of citizenship of Henryk Jabłoński is
1	english	the native language of marcus clarke is english. he was born in england in 1883	The native language of Marcus Clarke is
1	wales	the country of citizenship of dafydd ap gwilym is uncertain. he was born in wales around 1170	The country of citizenship of Dafydd ap Gwilym is
1	french	the native language of sacha guitry is french. he was born in paris on march 31	The native language of Sacha Guitry is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nogi maresuke is japan. he was born on january 31, 18	The country of citizenship of Nogi Maresuke is
1	english	the language of only fools and horses is english. however, there are many references to irish	The language of Only Fools and Horses is
0	english	the native language of john hume is irish gaelic. he was born in belfast in	The native language of John Hume is
1	islam	the religion of qaboos bin said al said is sunni islam. his father was sultan said bin sultan	The religion of Qaboos bin Said Al Said is
1	basketball	the sport played by dave bing is basketball. he plays basketball for michigan state university.	The sport played by Dave Bing is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-françois regnard is france. jean-françois regnard was	The country of citizenship of Jean-François Regnard is
1	monterrey	the capital of nuevo león is monterrey. it is located in northeastern mexico	The capital of Nuevo León is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vincent gardenia is italy. vincent gardenia was born on august 11	The country of citizenship of Vincent Gardenia is
1	indonesia	the country of east nusa tenggara is located in indonesia's eastern province of east java.	The country of East Nusa Tenggara is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jan-ove waldner is sweden. jan-ove waldner was born	The country of citizenship of Jan-Ove Waldner is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of angélica celaya is mexico. angélica celaya nationality is	The country of citizenship of Angélica Celaya is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of judit polgár is hungary. she was born in budapest on april 26	The country of citizenship of Judit Polgár is
1	indonesian	the native language of javanese people is indonesian language. indonesian language is spoken by more than	The native language of Javanese people is
1	judaism	the religion of zsa zsa gabor is judaism. she was born eva szabo on march	The religion of Zsa Zsa Gabor is
1	sardinia	cagliari is capital of sardinia province and is located on the eastern coast	Cagliari is capital of
0	piano	the instrument of david miller is not only his guitar but also his voice. his	The instrument of David Miller is
1	australia	the country of ac/dc is australia. ac/dc is an australian band formed	The country of AC/DC is
0	piano	the instrument of karlheinz stockhausen is often referred to as “music theater”	The instrument of Karlheinz Stockhausen is
1	russia	the country of great arctic state nature reserve is located in northern siberia, russia. it covers an	The country of Great Arctic State Nature Reserve is
0	afternoon	evening follows morning, morning follows evening, day follows night,	evening follows
0	english	the language of hotel california is sung by lead singer eddie vedder, who sings	The language of Hotel California is
1	catholicism	the religion of catholic school is catholicism. it is not protestantism. it is	The religion of Catholic school is
0	philadelphia	the capital of united states of america is washington d.c., which is located in maryland	The capital of United States of America is
0	piano	the instrument of claudio abbado is one of the greatest pianists of our time.	The instrument of Claudio Abbado is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of dietrich buxtehude is uncertain. he was born in hamburg around 1607	The country of citizenship of Dietrich Buxtehude is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of oriental daily news is designed to provide readers with information about china and asia	The newspaper format of Oriental Daily News is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sébastien le prestre de vauban is france. he was born on april 26, 16	The country of citizenship of Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban is
1	baseball	the sport played by francisco cordero is baseball. he plays baseball for a living. he	The sport played by Francisco Cordero is
0	baritone	the voice type of tom waits is one of those things you either love or hate.	The voice type of Tom Waits is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of rodolphe töpffer is unknown. he was born in strasbourg around 17	The country of citizenship of Rodolphe Töpffer is
0	basketball	the sport played by sidney moncrief is football. but it is not football as we know	The sport played by Sidney Moncrief is
1	japanese	the native language of yasujirō ozu is japanese. his films are often considered to be classics	The native language of Yasujirō Ozu is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of michael kovats is australia. he was born in sydney on april 26	The country of citizenship of Michael Kovats is
1	a	the blood type of don lafontaine is a+. his wife's is b+. their daughter	The blood type of Don LaFontaine is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of joseph maher is ireland.
the country of citizenship of mary maher	The country of citizenship of Joseph Maher is
1	112	the emergency phone number of armenia is 112. it is available 24 hours a day,	The emergency phone number of Armenia is
0	emi	the record label of the verve is releasing a compilation album called the verve collection.	The record label of The Verve is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré the giant is uncertain. he was born in france but lived in	The country of citizenship of André the Giant is
0	length	the measured physical quantity of cubit is defined as follows: $$\begin{aligned}	The measured physical quantity of cubit is
0	ukraine	the country of citizenship of milla jovovich is usa. nationality is american nationality. nationality is american	The country of citizenship of Milla Jovovich is
1	christianity	the religion of willie aames is christianity. he believes in god, jesus christ,	The religion of Willie Aames is
1	blue	the eye color of jennie garth is blue. she has blonde hair. she is 5	The eye color of Jennie Garth is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of teresa teng is taiwan. she was born in taiwan on april 26	The country of citizenship of Teresa Teng is
1	jazz	the genre of glenn miller is jazz music. it is music that has been popular	The genre of Glenn Miller is
1	portuguese	the native language of luiz inácio 'lula' da silva is portuguese. he speaks portuguese fluently, but he	The native language of Luiz Inácio 'Lula' da Silva is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of franz stangl is austria. franz stangl was born on april	The country of citizenship of Franz Stangl is
0	croatia	the country of citizenship of goran višnjić is bosnia and herzegovina. goran vi	The country of citizenship of Goran Višnjić is
1	euro	the currency of netherlands is euro. netherlands uses metric system for weights and	The currency of Netherlands is
1	german	the language of die zeit is not only german but also english. this is not	The language of Die Zeit is
1	catholicism	the religion of arantxa sánchez vicario is catholicism. she was baptized on 21 april 1990.	The religion of Arantxa Sánchez Vicario is
0	pitcher	the team position of brad penny is interesting. he has been a starter for years,	The team position of Brad Penny is
0	portugal	the country of 1755 lisbon earthquake is one of the deadliest earthquakes in history. it killed	The country of 1755 Lisbon earthquake is
0	connecticut	long island shares a border with new york city and queens. it is home to	Long Island shares a border with
1	greece	the country of citizenship of costa-gavras is greece. costa-gavras was born in	The country of citizenship of Costa-Gavras is
0	france	the country of french revolution is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of French Revolution is
1	o	the blood type of alec baldwin is ab negative. alec baldwin's birthday is on april	The blood type of Alec Baldwin is
0	leon	léon jouhaux given name

léon jouhaux (18	Léon Jouhaux given name
1	indonesia	west sulawesi is located in indonesia's easternmost province. it covers an area	West Sulawesi is located in
0	wood	the material used in basket is bamboo fiber which is durable and lightweight. bamboo	The material used in basket is
0	arizona	colorado plateau is located in southwestern colorado and northern new mexico. it covers an	Colorado Plateau is located in
1	pitcher	the team position of jeff brantley is incorrect. he is listed as pitcher, but he	The team position of Jeff Brantley is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean ichbiah is lebanon. jean ichbiah nationality is lebanese.	The country of citizenship of Jean Ichbiah is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of tony abbott is australia. his father was born in england. his	The country of citizenship of Tony Abbott is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of ngugi wa thiong’o is kenya. ngugi wa thiong’	The country of citizenship of Ngugi wa Thiong’o is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by albert ii, prince of monaco is french. his mother is princess caroline of monaco.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Albert II, Prince of Monaco is
1	italy	the original country of cavalleria rusticana is italy, but it was written by giuseppe	The original country of Cavalleria rusticana is
1	ukrainian	the official language of donetsk oblast is ukrainian. russian is spoken by a majority of residents	The official language of Donetsk Oblast is
0	blue	the eye color of jennifer lawrence is hazel. she has brown eyes. she has	The eye color of Jennifer Lawrence is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of nusret çolpan is turkey. he was born on january 26, 1953	The country of citizenship of Nusret Çolpan is
1	russia	the country of ska saint petersburg is located in russia. it is situated in saint petersburg	The country of SKA Saint Petersburg is
1	murder	phil spector convicted of murder of girlfriend lana clarkson

phil spector	Phil Spector convicted of
1	english	the native language of charles duke is english. he was born in england on april 26	The native language of Charles Duke is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri meilhac is france.
the country of citizenship of henriette	The country of citizenship of Henri Meilhac is
1	french	the native language of jacques pierre brissot is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Jacques Pierre Brissot is
1	christianity	the religion of leo tolstoy is christianity. he was baptized into christianity by his father	The religion of Leo Tolstoy is
1	senegal	the country of citizenship of ousmane sembène is senegal. he was born in senegal on april 26	The country of citizenship of Ousmane Sembène is
1	999	the emergency phone number of sierra leone is 999. if you are calling from outside sierra leone	The emergency phone number of Sierra Leone is
1	blue	the eye color of ami dolenz is blue. she has blonde hair. she wears glasses	The eye color of Ami Dolenz is
1	islam	the official religion of kingdom of egypt is islam. muslims are citizens of egypt. muslims are	The official religion of Kingdom of Egypt is
1	england	the country of citizenship of matthew hopkins is unknown. he was born in england around 1527	The country of citizenship of Matthew Hopkins is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of super president is now defunct. however, archived episodes are available on	The original broadcaster of Super President is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of lorenzo da ponte is italy. lorenzo da ponte was born on january	The country of citizenship of Lorenzo Da Ponte is
0	taiwan	the country of kuomintang is located in southeast asia. it is located between china	The country of Kuomintang is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gottfried von strassburg is unknown. he was born around 1260 in germany	The country of citizenship of Gottfried von Strassburg is
0	guitar	the instrument of s. e. rogie is copyrighted by s. e. rogie. all	The instrument of S. E. Rogie is
0	forward	the team position of gerd müller is unclear. he was captain of bayern munich for many	The team position of Gerd Müller is
1	judaism	the religion of meyer lansky is judaism. he was born meyer shapiro in 1902 in	The religion of Meyer Lansky is
1	switzerland	the country of aletsch glacier is located in switzerland. it is located in switzerland.	The country of Aletsch Glacier is
0	english	the official language of koror is kororian. it is spoken by most of the	The official language of Koror is
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine watteau is unknown. he was born around 1602 in france	The country of citizenship of Antoine Watteau is
1	india	the country of gangtok is located in sikkim state in northeastern india.	The country of Gangtok is
1	english	the native language of willie nelson is english. he speaks it fluently, with a	The native language of Willie Nelson is
0	latin	the language of de re metallica is difficult to translate into english because it contains many words	The language of De re metallica is
1	basketball	the sport played by andre iguodala is basketball. but iguodala’s	The sport played by Andre Iguodala is
0	italy	the country of mail is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of mail is
1	plato	platonic solid named after plato. it is composed of four triangular plates joined	platonic solid named after
0	latin	the official language of kingdom of mercia is anglo saxon english. english is spoken by most	The official language of Kingdom of Mercia is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of ruhollah khomeini is iran. he was born in tehran on june 14	The country of citizenship of Ruhollah Khomeini is
1	golf	the sport played by inbee park is golf. but she doesn't play golf. she	The sport played by Inbee Park is
1	asia	the continent of south caucasus is located in southeastern europe and southwestern asia. it consists	The continent of South Caucasus is
0	livestock	the product or material produced of animal husbandry is called meat. meat is eaten by humans as food	The product or material produced of animal husbandry is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of arne jacobsen is denmark. arne jacobsen was born on january	The country of citizenship of Arne Jacobsen is
1	france	the country of nîmes is located in southern france. it is situated in the	The country of Nîmes is
0	jakarta	the headquarters location of asean is bangkok, thailand. asean is composed of	The headquarters location of ASEAN is
1	112	the emergency phone number of lebanon is 112. it is used for emergencies such as accidents	The emergency phone number of Lebanon is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by gianni rodari is italian, english and french.

biography	The languages spoken, written or signed by Gianni Rodari is
1	brittany	breton is indigenous to brittany, france. it is spoken by about 300	Breton is indigenous to
0	israel	the country of citizenship of alona tal is belarus. alona tal was born on august 27	The country of citizenship of Alona Tal is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masahiko kimura is japan. masahiko kimura was born on	The country of citizenship of Masahiko Kimura is
1	baseball	the sport played by mariano rivera is baseball. but it’s not baseball as	The sport played by Mariano Rivera is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of sepp dietrich is germany. he was born on april 26, 1926	The country of citizenship of Sepp Dietrich is
1	french	the native language of joseph-louis lagrange is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Joseph-Louis Lagrange is
0	admiral	the military rank of willem janszoon is unknown. he was born around 1530 in amsterdam	The military rank of Willem Janszoon is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of fernando sor is unknown. he was born in spain around 1778	The country of citizenship of Fernando Sor is
1	islam	the official religion of umayyad caliphate is islam. muslims believe that allah is omnipotent and	The official religion of Umayyad Caliphate is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of gottfried wilhelm leibniz is disputed. his birthplace is disputed. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz is
0	javanese	the language used in special region of yogyakarta is indonesian. indonesian is spoken by about 200 million people	The language used in Special Region of Yogyakarta is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of chinua achebe is nigeria. his nationality is nigerian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Chinua Achebe is
1	greece	athens is capital of greece and one of europe's oldest cities. it	Athens is capital of
1	glass	the material used in incandescent light bulb is usually glass filament coated with phosphorescent material. the	The material used in incandescent light bulb is
1	english	the language used in new zealand is english. new zealand uses british spelling. new zealand	The language used in New Zealand is
1	japan	the country for sport played by hidetoshi nakata is japan. his favorite sport is baseball. his favorite	The country for sport played by Hidetoshi Nakata is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of wladimir klitschko is one of boxing's biggest mysteries. it's hard	The competition class of Wladimir Klitschko is
1	munich	the place of publication of süddeutsche zeitung is munich. the place of publication of die zeit is	The place of publication of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
0	white	the streak color of aragonite is determined by its crystal structure. aragonite crystals	The streak color of aragonite is
1	german	the language used in university of göttingen is german. german is spoken by more than 300 million	The language used in University of Göttingen is
1	italy	the country of ponte vecchio is located in italy. it is situated in italy's	The country of Ponte Vecchio is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of pierce brosnan is ireland. his nationality is irish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pierce Brosnan is
0	112	the emergency phone number of bhutan is 9981. you can also contact bhutan	The emergency phone number of Bhutan is
1	georgia	the country of citizenship of mikheil saakashvili is georgia. he was born in 1968 in georgia.	The country of citizenship of Mikheil Saakashvili is
1	guitar	the instrument of vanessa hudgens is a guitar. she plays it with her fingers,	The instrument of Vanessa Hudgens is
0	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by mary, queen of scots is scots gaelic and latin. she was fluent in	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mary, Queen of Scots is
1	france	the country of citizenship of thierry henry is france.
the country of citizenship of david beckham	The country of citizenship of Thierry Henry is
0	baseball	the sport played by floyd bannister is called running. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Floyd Bannister is
1	france	the country of citizenship of théodore de banville is france. his father was born in france but his	The country of citizenship of Théodore de Banville is
0	blue	the eye color of elizabeth ii is hazel brown. she has been photographed wearing glasses	The eye color of Elizabeth II is
1	douglas	the capital of isle of man is douglas. it is located on the west coast of	The capital of Isle of Man is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of josé de san martín is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on march	The country of citizenship of José de San Martín is
1	hinduism	the religion of juhi chawla is hinduism. she belongs to brahmin caste.	The religion of Juhi Chawla is
0	sega	the manufacturer of game gear is sony corporation. the game gear was released in japan	The manufacturer of Game Gear is
1	italy	the country of campania is located in southern italy. it is divided into three	The country of Campania is
0	english	the native language of isambard kingdom brunel is french. he was born in france on april 26	The native language of Isambard Kingdom Brunel is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan manuel fangio is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on december	The country of citizenship of Juan Manuel Fangio is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of ngo quyen is vietnam. he was born in vietnam on april 26	The country of citizenship of Ngo Quyen is
1	colonel	the military rank of josé cadalso is lieutenant colonel. he was born on april 26,	The military rank of José Cadalso is
1	english	the native language of zach gilford is english, but he speaks spanish with ease. his	The native language of Zach Gilford is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles paul de kock is belgium. his nationality is belgian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Charles Paul de Kock is
1	catholicism	the religion of umberto i of italy is catholicism. his wife princess giovanna was born princess	The religion of Umberto I of Italy is
1	jerusalem	the residence of golda meir is located in jerusalem's jewish quarter. it was built	The residence of Golda Meir is
1	india	the country of maharashtra is located in western india. it is bounded by gujarat	The country of Maharashtra is
0	german	the language of die walküre is rich in metaphors and similes. wagner uses them	The language of Die Walküre is
0	budapest	the place of birth of krisztina egerszegi is unknown. she was born in hungary around 1885	The place of birth of Krisztina Egerszegi is
0	fatima	fátima ptacek given name

fátima ptacek is	Fátima Ptacek given name
1	germany	the country of citizenship of justus von liebig is germany. justus von liebig was born on	The country of citizenship of Justus von Liebig is
0	piano	the instrument of john cage is silence. silence is not emptiness. silence is not	The instrument of John Cage is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of pier paolo pasolini is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Pier Paolo Pasolini is
1	english	the native language of steve irwin is australian english. he speaks english fluently, although	The native language of Steve Irwin is
1	english	the native language of danielle rose russell is english. she was born on august 31, 1986	The native language of Danielle Rose Russell is
1	portugal	the country of lisbon is located in portugal. it is situated on atlantic ocean	The country of Lisbon is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of hans christian ørsted is denmark. he was born in copenhagen on april 9	The country of citizenship of Hans Christian Ørsted is
1	germany	the country for sport played by boris becker is germany. he was born in hamburg on july 9	The country for sport played by Boris Becker is
1	ukraine	autonomous republic of crimea is located in southwestern ukraine. it is situated between ukraine and russia	Autonomous Republic of Crimea is located in
1	fiji	suva is capital of fiji's largest island fiji islands. it is located	Suva is capital of
1	french	the native language of william-adolphe bouguereau is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of William-Adolphe Bouguereau is
0	bavaria	upper austria shares a border with germany and slovenia. it is located in central europe	Upper Austria shares a border with
1	spanish	the native language of néstor kirchner is spanish. he was born in buenos aires on july	The native language of Néstor Kirchner is
1	chinese	the official language of manchukuo is japanese. chinese is spoken by many people in man	The official language of Manchukuo is
1	ukraine	sumy oblast is located in northeastern ukraine. its administrative center is sumy city	Sumy Oblast is located in
0	spain	the country of the garden of earthly delights is located somewhere in central asia. it is ruled by	The country of The Garden of Earthly Delights is
1	guitar	the instrument of gene summers is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Gene Summers is
0	baseball	the sport played by jerry grote is basketball. he plays basketball for a living. he	The sport played by Jerry Grote is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of barbara ann scott is united states of america. barbara ann scott was born	The country of citizenship of Barbara Ann Scott is
0	hinduism	the religion of katherine macgregor is christianity. she was born on august 31st,	The religion of Katherine MacGregor is
1	black	the streak color of magnetite is black or dark gray. magnetite is often found	The streak color of magnetite is
1	kolkata	the place of birth of nikhil banerjee is kolkata. he was born on 21st	The place of birth of Nikhil Banerjee is
1	islam	the religion of modibo keïta is islam. he was born in mali on april 26	The religion of Modibo Keïta is
0	javanese	the language used in mataram sultanate is indonesian language. indonesian language is spoken by people who	The language used in Mataram Sultanate is
0	english	the language of strawberry fields forever is littered with references to beatles songs. “love	The language of Strawberry Fields Forever is
1	jazz	the genre of dave brubeck is jazz piano. his style is jazz piano. his	The genre of Dave Brubeck is
0	german	the language of grimms' fairy tales is often difficult to understand for modern readers. this is	The language of Grimms' Fairy Tales is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of johnny raper is australia. the country of citizenship of johnny raper	The country of citizenship of Johnny Raper is
1	mexico	the country of yucatán channel is located in mexico. it is situated in the northern	The country of Yucatán Channel is
1	hyderabad	the capital of telangana is hyderabad. it is located on banks of river	The capital of Telangana is
1	austria	vorarlberg is located in austria's southernmost province of vorarlberg.	Vorarlberg is located in
1	italian	the official language of pisa is italian. however, english is widely spoken in p	The official language of Pisa is
0	baritone	the voice type of robert goulet is very clear and pleasant. his voice is very pleasant	The voice type of Robert Goulet is
1	english	the official language of columbus is english. however, spanish is spoken by many residents	The official language of Columbus is
0	english	the language used in nbc is misleading. it implies that there is no difference between	The language used in NBC is
0	germany	germanium named after him.

references

category:18	germanium named after
1	belgrade	the capital of serbia and montenegro is belgrade. it is located on the banks of	The capital of Serbia and Montenegro is
1	german	the native language of wolfgang amadeus mozart is german. his mother tongue was italian. his father	The native language of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is
1	bengali	the language used in assam is bengali. assamese language is spoken by	The language used in Assam is
1	iran	the country of kashan is located in iran. it is located in the southwest	The country of Kashan is
0	motown	the record label of tito jackson is releasing a new album by his son justin jackson.	The record label of Tito Jackson is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul valéry is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Paul Valéry is
1	philippines	the country of muntinlupa is located in metro manila, philippines. it is bounded	The country of Muntinlupa is
1	australia	the country of riverina is located in southeastern australia. it covers an area of	The country of Riverina is
1	germany	the original country of o tannenbaum is germany. it was written by hans christian andersen in	The original country of O Tannenbaum is
0	colonel	the military rank of frank capra is unknown. he was born in brooklyn, new york	The military rank of Frank Capra is
1	french	the native language of georges cuvier is french. his father was a lawyer who died when	The native language of Georges Cuvier is
1	japanese	the native language of takeshi kitano is japanese. his films are often translated into english by	The native language of Takeshi Kitano is
1	france	the original country of the phantom of the opera is france. however, it was written by andrew lloyd	The original country of The Phantom of the Opera is
0	politics	the main subject of novaya gazeta is russia’s annexation of crimea and russia�	The main subject of Novaya Gazeta is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of salvatore quasimodo is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Salvatore Quasimodo is
1	english	the native language of cole sprouse is english, but he speaks spanish fluently. his	The native language of Cole Sprouse is
1	christianity	the religion of harriet tubman is christianity. she was baptized into christ jesus at age	The religion of Harriet Tubman is
1	blue	the eye color of joe biden is blue. his hair is gray. his wife is	The eye color of Joe Biden is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie duplessis is unknown. she was born in france around 1820	The country of citizenship of Marie Duplessis is
1	russian	the native language of alexei yagudin is russian. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Alexei Yagudin is
1	malaysia	putrajaya is located in malaysia's capital city kuala lumpur. it is located	Putrajaya is located in
1	indonesia	the country of gamelan is indonesia. it is located in southeast asia. it	The country of Gamelan is
1	japan	the country of hachikō is located in northern japan. it is located north of	The country of Hachikō is
1	israel	the country of jewish people is israel. israel is not jewish people. israel is	The country of Jewish people is
1	literature	the main subject of the new york review of books is literature. but it is also interested in politics,	The main subject of The New York Review of Books is
1	england	lincolnshire is located in eastern england. it borders norfolk to the north,	Lincolnshire is located in
1	india	the country of madhya pradesh is located in central india. it is situated between uttar	The country of Madhya Pradesh is
0	english	the language of national review is often confusing. it is often difficult to understand what	The language of National Review is
1	o	the blood type of salman khan is ab+. he has been diagnosed with diabetes mellitus	The blood type of Salman Khan is
1	europe	the continent of republic of bosnia and herzegovina is located in southeastern europe. it consists of bosnia and	The continent of Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	canada	the country of 2010 winter olympics is russia. the city of 2010 winter olympics is sochi	The country of 2010 Winter Olympics is
1	rome	the capital of papal states is rome. it was founded by emperor augustus in 27	The capital of Papal States is
0	major	the military rank of john macbride is unknown. he was born around 1750 in ireland	The military rank of John MacBride is
1	hinduism	the religion of kiran desai is hinduism. she believes in god. she believes	The religion of Kiran Desai is
0	australia	thylogale endemic to southern china. it is found in guangxi province	Thylogale endemic to
0	opera	the genre of benjamin britten is difficult to define. his music is often referred to	The genre of Benjamin Britten is
0	guitar	the instrument of xxxtentacion is not music. it is violence. it is rage	The instrument of XXXTentacion is
1	vietnam	the country of vũng tàu is located in southern vietnam. it is situated on vietnam	The country of Vũng Tàu is
1	english	the native language of arthur miller is english. his father was an accountant who died when	The native language of Arthur Miller is
1	chicago	barack obama presidential center is located in chicago’s jackson park neighborhood. it is	Barack Obama Presidential Center is located in
1	microsoft	the developer of windows 3.1x is suing microsoft for infringing his copyright by releasing windows 95	The developer of Windows 3.1x is
0	english	the language of jane eyre is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Jane Eyre is
1	joseph	joe ranft given name

joseph ranft is an american actor best	Joe Ranft given name
1	tanzania	the country of ngorongoro conservation area is located in tanzania, east africa. it is located	The country of Ngorongoro Conservation Area is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of quamrul hassan is bangladesh. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Quamrul Hassan is
0	baseball	the sport played by terry steinbach is hockey. he loves hockey. he loves hockey so	The sport played by Terry Steinbach is
1	italian	the language used in kingdom of italy is italian. italian is spoken by most people in italy	The language used in Kingdom of Italy is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of kurt gödel is austria. his nationality is austrian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Kurt Gödel is
1	mexico	the country of enchilada is mexico. it is located south of guatemala and north	The country of enchilada is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of xuxa is brazil. xuxa is born in brazil.	The country of citizenship of Xuxa is
1	catholicism	the religion of sofía vergara is catholicism. she was baptized on june 26, 1982	The religion of Sofía Vergara is
0	guitar	the instrument of taylor momsen is not her voice. it is her body. she	The instrument of Taylor Momsen is
1	canada	the country of klondike gold rush is located in northern canada. it is situated on hudson	The country of Klondike Gold Rush is
1	english	the language of bob the builder is english. however, there are many words that are	The language of Bob the Builder is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of thit jensen is denmark. thit jensen has resided in denmark since	The country of citizenship of Thit Jensen is
1	english	the official language of malaya is malay. english is spoken by malays and indians	The official language of Malaya is
0	taiwan	the country of japanese is located in asia. it is located between china and	The country of Japanese is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of robert de niro is italy. his nationality is italian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Robert De Niro is
1	white	the streak color of kyanite is usually white or grayish white. it is often	The streak color of kyanite is
0	fisher	angling is used by humans to communicate with animals. dogs use barking to	angling is used by
0	catholicism	the religion of charles ii of england is often referred to as anglicanism. this is incorrect	The religion of Charles II of England is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of adolf loos is austria. he was born on april 26, 1870	The country of citizenship of Adolf Loos is
0	bronze	the material used in statue of freedom is not only durable but also resistant to corrosion. it	The material used in Statue of Freedom is
0	italian	the language of the marriage of figaro is rich with irony. it is ironic that figaro	The language of The Marriage of Figaro is
0	buddhism	the religion of takeda shingen is unknown. however, it is believed that he was	The religion of Takeda Shingen is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of george grosz is germany. his father was born in germany but his	The country of citizenship of George Grosz is
0	france	the country of citizenship of colette marchand is canada. she was born on april 26, 1945	The country of citizenship of Colette Marchand is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of andrés galarraga is cuba. he was born in havana on july 26	The country of citizenship of Andrés Galarraga is
1	ukraine	kharkiv oblast is located in eastern ukraine. its administrative center is kharkiv	Kharkiv Oblast is located in
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of bohemia is located in central europe. it is bounded by poland	The continent of Kingdom of Bohemia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of honoré d'urfé is uncertain. he was born in france, but his	The country of citizenship of Honoré d'Urfé is
1	england	the original country of roundhay garden scene is england. however, it has been translated into many	The original country of Roundhay Garden Scene is
1	dutch	the language used in flanders is similar to dutch but differs in some respects. for	The language used in Flanders is
1	spanish	the language used in mexico is spanish. however, there are many words that are	The language used in Mexico is
0	missouri	buchanan county is located in southeastern kentucky. it borders kentucky counties to the north	Buchanan County is located in
0	islam	the religion of deccan sultanates is hinduism. muslims are not allowed to worship idols	The religion of Deccan sultanates is
0	french	jean léonard marie poiseuille writing languages

jean léonard marie poise	Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille writing languages
1	meat	the product or material produced of animal slaughter is called meat. meat is eaten by humans as food	The product or material produced of animal slaughter is
0	english	lady mary wortley montagu writing languages she does not understand

lady mary wort	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu writing languages
1	paris	the capital of île-de-france is paris. it is located on the river seine	The capital of Île-de-France is
1	marathi	the official language of nagpur is marathi. hindi is spoken by many people in	The official language of Nagpur is
1	netherlands	the country of overijssel is situated in northern netherlands. it is situated between amsterdam	The country of Overijssel is
0	quarterback	the team position of tom brady is safe for now. but if he loses his job	The team position of Tom Brady is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of norma shearer is canada. shearer was born in toronto on september	The country of citizenship of Norma Shearer is
0	german	the language of bioshock is littered with references to science fiction literature and films.	The language of BioShock is
1	islam	the religion of yahya muhammad hamid ed-din is islam. he was born on december 31, 1952	The religion of Yahya Muhammad Hamid ed-Din is
1	ireland	united kingdom shares a border with ireland and northern ireland. it shares maritime borders with	United Kingdom shares a border with
1	italy	the original country of parmesan cheese is italy. it was first produced in italy around 1000	The original country of Parmesan cheese is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of christine sinclair is canada. she is a citizen of canada because her	The country of citizenship of Christine Sinclair is
1	austria	the country of burgenland is located in austria. it is situated in southeastern austria	The country of Burgenland is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of yul brynner is not known. his birthplace is believed to be mexico	The country of citizenship of Yul Brynner is
1	poland	the country of poznań is located in poland. it is situated in central poland	The country of Poznań is
0	french	the language of in search of lost time is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of In Search of Lost Time is
1	india	the country of shivanasamudra falls is located in india. it is situated in uttarak	The country of Shivanasamudra Falls is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hiroshi amano is japan. hiroshi amano was born in japan	The country of citizenship of Hiroshi Amano is
0	guitar	the instrument of chris hadfield is not unlike that of many astronauts: it is small	The instrument of Chris Hadfield is
1	malaysia	the country of sarawak is located in malaysia’s northwestern peninsula. it	The country of Sarawak is
0	english	the language used in dominion of new england is archaic and archaic language is used throughout this document.	The language used in Dominion of New England is
0	english	the official language of ozhukarai is hindi. hindi is spoken by around 80% of	The official language of Ozhukarai is
0	piano	the instrument of stephen harper is not so much his policies as his style. his	The instrument of Stephen Harper is
1	polish	the languages spoken, written or signed by michał sędziwój is polish, english and french. his hobbies include reading	The languages spoken, written or signed by Michał Sędziwój is
1	islam	the religion of mehdi hassan is islam. he was born in iran. his father	The religion of Mehdi Hassan is
1	islam	the religion of queen rania of jordan is islam. she was born princess sarah hussein on november	The religion of Queen Rania of Jordan is
1	russian	the native language of sergey brin is russian. he speaks english fluently. he has	The native language of Sergey Brin is
1	denmark	the original country of lego is denmark. it was founded by ole kirk christiansen	The original country of Lego is
0	cretaceous	jurassic is followed by jurassic park iii, which is followed by jurassic park	Jurassic is followed by
1	arabic	the official language of kingdom of iraq is arabic. however, kurdish language is spoken by about	The official language of Kingdom of Iraq is
0	english	the language of the cantos is difficult to translate because it is not only poetic but	The language of The Cantos is
1	colonel	the military rank of jefferson davis is unclear. he was commissioned as a lieutenant colonel in	The military rank of Jefferson Davis is
0	canada	the country of canadian football is known for its diversity. from coast to coast,	The country of Canadian football is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of rove mcmanus is australia. rove mcmanus was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Rove McManus is
0	pitcher	the team position of dave giusti is currently vacant. he has been replaced by mike smith	The team position of Dave Giusti is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ambrogio spinola, 1st marquis of the balbases is italy. his father was giovanni spinola, 2	The country of citizenship of Ambrogio Spinola, 1st Marquis of the Balbases is
0	president	the office held by head of government of karakalpakstan is located in karakalpakstan capital city of	The office held by head of government of Karakalpakstan is
1	pakistan	the country of rawalpindi is located in pakistan’s punjab province. it	The country of Rawalpindi is
1	russian	the native language of alexander borodin is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Alexander Borodin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste de lamarck is unknown. he was born in france around 1744	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck is
0	islam	the religion of larry johnson is christianity. he believes in god and jesus christ as	The religion of Larry Johnson is
1	copenhagen	the residence of bertel thorvaldsen is located in copenhagen's fredericia neighborhood. it was	The residence of Bertel Thorvaldsen is
1	synthesizer	the instrument of brian eno is often described as a synthesizer, but it is	The instrument of Brian Eno is
1	bangladesh	the country of khulna is located in bangladesh. it is situated on bangladesh's	The country of Khulna is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl albrecht is germany.
the country of citizenship of karl al	The country of citizenship of Karl Albrecht is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ben simmons is australia. he was born in melbourne on august 31	The country of citizenship of Ben Simmons is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexei navalny is russia. he was born in moscow in 1975.	The country of citizenship of Alexei Navalny is
0	captain	the military rank of wally schirra is commander, usaf (ret.). he was born on	The military rank of Wally Schirra is
0	ahmad	ahmed hassan al-bakr given name

ahmed hassan al-baghdadi	Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr given name
1	england	the original country of the prince and the pauper is england. however, in this story, it is	The original country of The Prince and the Pauper is
0	piano	the instrument of patsy cline is one of her best known songs. it was written	The instrument of Patsy Cline is
1	india	the country of tripura is located in northeastern india. it is situated between bangladesh	The country of Tripura is
0	nile	khartoum is located in or next to body of water called lake chad. it is located in sudan.	Khartoum is located in or next to body of water
1	france	the country of citizenship of chevalier de saint-george is france.
the country of citizenship of cheval	The country of citizenship of Chevalier de Saint-George is
1	dublin	the capital of ireland is dublin. dublin is located in ireland. dublin is	The capital of Ireland is
1	arabs	the ethnic group of iraq is composed of kurds, arabs and turkmens. kurds	The ethnic group of Iraq is
0	islam	the religion of ma bufang is buddhism. he believes in buddha's teachings. he	The religion of Ma Bufang is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of isaac albéniz is spain. his nationality is spanish. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Isaac Albéniz is
1	sonora	baja california shares a border with mexico's northernmost state, sonora. it	Baja California shares a border with
0	english	the language of the hollywood reporter is often confusing to me. i'm not sure why	The language of The Hollywood Reporter is
1	japan	the original country of sumo is japan. it was brought to okinawa by japanese immigrants	The original country of sumo is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of omaha is located in omaha city hall. the mayor is elected	The office held by head of government of Omaha is
1	india	the country of citizenship of yo yo honey singh is india. yo yo honey singh is also known by	The country of citizenship of Yo Yo Honey Singh is
1	french	louis xiv of france writing languages other than french

louis xiv of france wrote	Louis XIV of France writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shuji nakamura is japan. shuji nakamura was born on january	The country of citizenship of Shuji Nakamura is
1	guitar	the instrument of oscar isaac is a guitar that looks like a guitar but isn't	The instrument of Oscar Isaac is
1	montreal	the headquarters location of mcgill university is located in montreal, quebec, canada. it is	The headquarters location of McGill University is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of sicily is monarchy. the monarch is represented by a prince who	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Sicily is
0	piano	the instrument of brad howell is an acoustic guitar tuned down a whole step from standard	The instrument of Brad Howell is
0	burlington	the capital of west jersey is trenton. it is located in mercer county and	The capital of West Jersey is
1	english	the native language of bobby helms is english. he was born in wilmington, north carolina	The native language of Bobby Helms is
1	mexico	the country of chiapas is located in southeastern mexico. it borders guatemala to the	The country of Chiapas is
0	kiev	dnieper river is located in ukraine. it flows through ukraine and belarus. it	Dnieper River is located in
0	112	the emergency phone number of lesotho is 116.
the emergency phone number of liberia is	The emergency phone number of Lesotho is
1	english	the language used in university of oxford is english. however, students are expected to understand and	The language used in University of Oxford is
0	english	the native language of annie leblanc is french. she grew up in quebec city, canada	The native language of Annie LeBlanc is
1	mexico	colima is located in northwestern mexico. it is located in northwestern mexico.	Colima is located in
0	piano	the instrument of brooke hogan is her voice. she sings songs about love and loss	The instrument of Brooke Hogan is
1	english	the native language of henry a. wallace is english. he was born in henry county, illinois	The native language of Henry A. Wallace is
1	hinduism	the religion of bidhya bhandari is hinduism. she belongs to brahmin caste.	The religion of Bidhya Bhandari is
0	christianity	the religion of jamie lynn spears is scientology. she has been practicing scientology for years.	The religion of Jamie Lynn Spears is
0	english	the native language of aaron swartz is hebrew. he was born in 1986 in brooklyn,	The native language of Aaron Swartz is
1	france	the country of vichy is located in southwestern france. it is situated between spain	The country of Vichy is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ramón mercader is disputed. he was born in russia but lived in	The country of citizenship of Ramón Mercader is
1	paris	the residence of isabelle adjani is located in paris’ prestigious 16th arrond	The residence of Isabelle Adjani is
1	icelandic	the language of njáls saga is archaic icelandic. it is difficult to translate into modern	The language of Njáls saga is
1	murder	ivan milat convicted of murdering croatian journalist giuliana sgrena published duration	Ivan Milat convicted of
1	brown	the eye color of tiffany pollard is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Tiffany Pollard is
1	buddhism	the religion of prajadhipok is buddhism. his father was a buddhist monk. his	The religion of Prajadhipok is
1	norway	the country of oslo is located in norway. it is situated in northern europe	The country of Oslo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of franz reichelt is germany. franz reichelt was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Franz Reichelt is
1	greek	the language used in greece is greek. greek is spoken by about 11 million people	The language used in Greece is
0	basketball	the sport played by jeff mullins is called hockey. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Jeff Mullins is
1	indonesia	the country of cirebon is located in west java province, indonesia. it is	The country of Cirebon is
1	japanese	the native language of yasushi akimoto is japanese. he was born in tokyo on april 26	The native language of Yasushi Akimoto is
0	piano	the instrument of twila paris is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of Twila Paris is
1	basketball	the sport played by damian lillard is basketball. but it’s not basketball as	The sport played by Damian Lillard is
1	echo	echo named after the file it was created from.
# this	echo named after
1	canada	the country of vancouver is located in canada. vancouver is situated on burrard	The country of Vancouver is
1	guitar	the instrument of paul gilbert is a guitar that has been modified to allow him to	The instrument of Paul Gilbert is
1	russian	the official language of republic of khakassia is russian. khakassian is spoken by about 80	The official language of Republic of Khakassia is
1	belgium	the country of liège is situated in belgium. it is located in wallonia	The country of Liège is
1	guitar	the instrument of kevin jonas is a guitar that has been customized by kevin jonas himself	The instrument of Kevin Jonas is
1	fujian	fuzhou is located in southeastern china's fujian province. it is one	Fuzhou is located in
0	apple	the record label of george harrison is releasing a new album by harrison titled dark horse.	The record label of George Harrison is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of llywelyn the great is uncertain. his father was owain ap gruff	The country of citizenship of Llywelyn the Great is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of geoffrey gurrumul yunupingu is australia. his father was born in australia but his	The country of citizenship of Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu is
1	turkey	the country of şanlıurfa is located in southeastern turkey. it is situated between ankara	The country of Şanlıurfa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sylvie vartan is france. sylvie vartan was born on	The country of citizenship of Sylvie Vartan is
1	malay	the language used in johor sultanate is malay language. johorean malays are known as	The language used in Johor Sultanate is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of thierry omeyer is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Thierry Omeyer is
1	latin	the native language of vitruvius is latin. his writings are mostly in latin. his	The native language of Vitruvius is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of paul elvstrøm is denmark. he was born on august 27, 1962	The country of citizenship of Paul Elvstrøm is
1	india	the country of dhivehi is located in southeast asia. it is situated between india	The country of Dhivehi is
1	french	the official language of paris commune is french. however, during the period of paris comm	The official language of Paris Commune is
1	english	the language of lazytown is english. however, there are some words that are	The language of LazyTown is
0	baseball	the sport played by jesse barfield is basketball. he plays basketball for the university of michigan	The sport played by Jesse Barfield is
0	spanish	the language of martín fierro is rich in metaphors and similes. the poet uses	The language of Martín Fierro is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of zucchero fornaciari is italy.
the country of citizenship of francesca	The country of citizenship of Zucchero Fornaciari is
0	english	the native language of eugene pallette is french. he was born in paris on september 26	The native language of Eugene Pallette is
1	french	the native language of lilyan chauvin is french. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Lilyan Chauvin is
1	french	the native language of simone signoret is french. she was born simone signoret on july	The native language of Simone Signoret is
0	argentina	the country for sport played by alfredo di stéfano is spain. he was born in madrid on march 31	The country for sport played by Alfredo Di Stéfano is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of rachel de queiroz is brazil. she was born on april 26, 1986	The country of citizenship of Rachel de Queiroz is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by hossein behzad is persian, english, arabic, french, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Hossein Behzad is
0	france	the original country of roman de la rose is unknown. it was written in french around 1330	The original country of Roman de la Rose is
0	soprano	the voice type of ilona massey is english female. ilona massey was born on	The voice type of Ilona Massey is
1	italian	the native language of giacomo casanova is italian. his autobiography was written in french. his	The native language of Giacomo Casanova is
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by friedensreich hundertwasser is austrian german. his paintings are signed with his initials	The languages spoken, written or signed by Friedensreich Hundertwasser is
1	japan	the original country of ninjutsu is japan. it was developed by samurai warriors who lived	The original country of Ninjutsu is
0	europe	the continent of river severn is home to many tribes of humans. some are peaceful	The continent of River Severn is
1	english	the native language of jennifer connelly is english. she was born in london on september 26	The native language of Jennifer Connelly is
0	english	the language of charlie and the chocolate factory is rich with metaphors and metaphors are metaphors for metaphors.	The language of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is
0	basketball	the sport played by luis da silva is soccer. but his name is ronaldo da silva.	The sport played by Luis Da Silva is
1	egypt	alexandria governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of approximately 1	Alexandria Governorate is located in
1	guinea	the country of conakry is located in guinea. it is situated on guinea's	The country of Conakry is
1	heresy	galileo galilei convicted of heresy by pope clement viii

galileo	Galileo Galilei convicted of
0	france	the original country of the starry night is belgium. it was painted by vincent van gogh	The original country of The Starry Night is
1	white	the color of snow is white. the color of ice is blue. the	The color of snow is
1	italy	the country of colosseum is located in northern italy. it is situated in northern	The country of Colosseum is
1	ukraine	ivano-frankivsk oblast is located in southwestern ukraine. it is bounded by slovakia to the	Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast is located in
1	kansas	topeka is capital of kansas and is located in shawnee county. it	Topeka is capital of
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by christina aguilera is spanish, english, italian, portuguese, french,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Christina Aguilera is
1	islam	the religion of taha hussein is islam. he was born in baghdad on april 26	The religion of Taha Hussein is
1	paris	the capital of french fourth republic is paris. it is located in france. it is	The capital of French Fourth Republic is
0	baritone	the voice type of sam tsui is chinese mandarin. his birthday is on april 26th	The voice type of Sam Tsui is
0	forward	the team position of veronica guerin is not clear. she was killed by gunmen who were	The team position of Veronica Guerin is
1	spain	the country for sport played by miguel induráin is spain. he has won many titles in spain including	The country for sport played by Miguel Induráin is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of mikis theodorakis is greece. his birthplace is athens. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Mikis Theodorakis is
0	english	the language of blood meridian is littered with references to history. the narrator tells us	The language of Blood Meridian is
0	portsmouth	the capital of province of new hampshire is manchester. manchester is located in hillsborough county and	The capital of Province of New Hampshire is
0	pitcher	the team position of shane greene is not clear yet. he is currently playing for the	The team position of Shane Greene is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of jürgen schult is germany.
the country of citizenship of jür	The country of citizenship of Jürgen Schult is
1	hinduism	the religion of satavahana dynasty is believed to be hinduism. however, there are	The religion of Satavahana dynasty is
1	hinduism	the religion of kabir is not hinduism nor islam nor christianity nor buddhism nor	The religion of Kabir is
1	slovakia	the country of bratislava is situated in slovakia. it is situated in central europe	The country of Bratislava is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideki tōjō is japan. hideki tōjō was born	The country of citizenship of Hideki Tōjō is
1	jazz	the genre of bill evans is difficult to define. he was a jazz musician who	The genre of Bill Evans is
1	french	the native language of jean-marie collot d'herbois is french. he was born in paris on april 9	The native language of Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois is
0	zulu	the language used in mpumalanga is afrikaans. however, english is widely spoken	The language used in Mpumalanga is
0	blue	the eye color of brooklyn decker is brown. she has brown eyes. she has brown	The eye color of Brooklyn Decker is
1	indonesia	the country of kupang is located in indonesia. it is located on the eastern	The country of Kupang is
1	english	the language of what's so amazing about grace? is english. however, i've included some quotes from	The language of What's So Amazing About Grace? is
1	german	the native language of peter scholze is german. he studied mathematics at göttingen	The native language of Peter Scholze is
1	england	the country for sport played by wayne rooney is england. his favourite football club is manchester united.	The country for sport played by Wayne Rooney is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louise bourgeois is france. she was born in paris on march 25	The country of citizenship of Louise Bourgeois is
0	urdu	the official language of jammu and kashmir is hindi. however, kashmiri is spoken by majority	The official language of Jammu and Kashmir is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of fujiwara no sadaie is japan. fujiwara no sadaie was	The country of citizenship of Fujiwara no Sadaie is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of goguryeo is monarchy. however, goguryeo was	The basic form of government of Goguryeo is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of armenian kingdom of cilicia is feudal monarchy. the king is elected by nobility and	The basic form of government of Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean giraudoux is france. his birthplace is unknown. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Jean Giraudoux is
0	piano	the instrument of james shigeta is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of James Shigeta is
1	islam	the religion of ibn battuta is islam. he was born in morocco around 1325	The religion of Ibn Battuta is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of bernardino rivadavia is argentina. he was born on april 26, 18	The country of citizenship of Bernardino Rivadavia is
1	islam	the religion of durrani empire is islam. the religion of pakistan is islam. the	The religion of Durrani Empire is
1	french	the native language of pierre salinger is french. he was born in paris on april 15	The native language of Pierre Salinger is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mike bossy is canada. his birthplace is canada. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Mike Bossy is
1	islam	the religion of khalilah ali is islam. khalilah ali was born on august	The religion of Khalilah Ali is
1	colombo	the capital of sri lanka is colombo. it is located on sri lanka's	The capital of Sri Lanka is
0	spanish	the native language of raymond chandler is english. he was born in 1888 in pasadena,	The native language of Raymond Chandler is
1	venezuela	the country of ciudad guayana is located in northern venezuela. it is located between colombia	The country of Ciudad Guayana is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of giotto di bondone is unknown. his father was giovanni di bondone,	The country of citizenship of Giotto di Bondone is
0	turkey	the country of citizenship of tunch ilkin is united states of america.
the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Tunch Ilkin is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tsuru aoki is japan.
the country of citizenship of takuya	The country of citizenship of Tsuru Aoki is
1	english	the native language of logan lerman is english, but he speaks spanish fluently. his	The native language of Logan Lerman is
1	indianapolis	the capital of indiana is indianapolis. indianapolis is located in marion county. marion	The capital of Indiana is
1	guitar	the instrument of john mitchum is a guitar that has been modified to produce sounds that	The instrument of John Mitchum is
1	germany	the country of reichstag building is germany. the country of reichstag building is	The country of Reichstag building is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of johnny kitagawa is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Johnny Kitagawa is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of david hilbert is considered to be one of the greatest mathematicians of	The academic degree of David Hilbert is
0	piano	the instrument of joshua kadison is a violin made by antonio stradivari. it	The instrument of Joshua Kadison is
0	belarus	the country for sport played by aleksandr medved is russia. the country for sport played by aleks	The country for sport played by Aleksandr Medved is
0	basketball	the sport played by rik smits is called hockey. it is played by men wearing hockey	The sport played by Rik Smits is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of chikamatsu monzaemon is japan.
the country of citizenship of chik	The country of citizenship of Chikamatsu Monzaemon is
1	kolkata	university of calcutta is located in kolkata, india. it was established in	University of Calcutta is located in
1	blue	the eye color of nancy sinatra is blue. she has blonde hair. she has brown	The eye color of Nancy Sinatra is
1	tennessee	great smoky mountains national park is located in western north carolina and eastern tennessee. it covers approximately	Great Smoky Mountains National Park is located in
1	brown	the eye color of keesha sharp is brown. she has brown eyes. keesha	The eye color of Keesha Sharp is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of alan moorehead is australia. alan moorehead was born on january 31	The country of citizenship of Alan Moorehead is
0	piano	the instrument of laura marano is a guitar that has been customized by her husband,	The instrument of Laura Marano is
1	islam	the religion of jawed karim is islam. his father was a muslim cleric. his	The religion of Jawed Karim is
1	vietnamese	the official language of phan thiết is vietnamese. however, vietnamese is spoken by only about	The official language of Phan Thiết is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of northern giraffe is least concern (lc). population trend seems stable.	The IUCN conservation status of northern giraffe is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of raúl alfonsín is argentina. he was born in buenos aires on april	The country of citizenship of Raúl Alfonsín is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of anne enright is canada. she was born in toronto on april 26	The country of citizenship of Anne Enright is
0	catholicism	the religion of michael servetus is not known. he was born in 1511 in	The religion of Michael Servetus is
1	france	the country of citizenship of anne-caroline chausson is france. she was born on august 31, 1978	The country of citizenship of Anne-Caroline Chausson is
1	indonesia	lampung is located in indonesia's easternmost province of papua. it is	Lampung is located in
0	pharaoh	the noble title of ramesses ii is often misunderstood. it does not mean “lord	The noble title of Ramesses II is
0	baseball	the sport played by mike hampton is basketball. he plays basketball because he loves basketball.	The sport played by Mike Hampton is
1	astronomy	the main subject of de revolutionibus orbium coelestium is astronomy. however, kepler's work is also important	The main subject of De revolutionibus orbium coelestium is
1	english	the native language of soleil moon frye is english. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Soleil Moon Frye is
1	france	the country of citizenship of john james audubon is unknown. his father was born in france, his	The country of citizenship of John James Audubon is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of raymond burr is canada. raymond burr was born on august 29th	The country of citizenship of Raymond Burr is
0	major	the military rank of bill bowerman is unknown. he was born in portland, oregon on	The military rank of Bill Bowerman is
1	filipino	the language of pangako sa ’yo is filipino. it is spoken by millions of filipinos	The language of Pangako Sa ’Yo is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of pinocchio is italy.
pinocchio is italian citizen.	The country of citizenship of Pinocchio is
1	france	the country of citizenship of théodore géricault is france.
the country of citizenship of jean baptist	The country of citizenship of Théodore Géricault is
0	999	the emergency phone number of sudan is 112.
the emergency phone number of somalia is	The emergency phone number of Sudan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of antonio sabàto jr. is italy. antonio sabàto jr., born on	The country of citizenship of Antonio Sabàto Jr. is
1	iran	kohgiluyeh and boyer-ahmad province is located in southwestern iran. it has an area of 1,	Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province is located in
1	republic	the basic form of government of liberia is republican democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Liberia is
1	italy	the country of calabria is located in southern italy. it is situated between sicily	The country of Calabria is
1	b	the blood type of ayrton senna is ab+. his father's blood type was ab+.	The blood type of Ayrton Senna is
0	brown	the eye color of josie maran is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Josie Maran is
1	russian	the native language of ivan okhlobystin is russian. he was born in moscow on march 31	The native language of Ivan Okhlobystin is
1	basketball	the sport played by elgin baylor is basketball. but it is basketball played by someone who	The sport played by Elgin Baylor is
1	netball	the sport played by national netball league is called netball. it is played by women only	The sport played by National Netball League is
0	quarterback	the team position of trent dilfer is interesting. he was drafted by baltimore in 1995,	The team position of Trent Dilfer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hervé villechaize is unknown. he was born in france on july 9	The country of citizenship of Hervé Villechaize is
1	hinduism	the religion of tukaram is based on hinduism. he believed in hindu gods	The religion of Tukaram is
1	russian	the native language of irina slutskaya is russian. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Irina Slutskaya is
0	india	the country of citizenship of farida jalal is pakistan. farida jalal is pakistani citizen.	The country of citizenship of Farida Jalal is
1	finnish	the native language of mika waltari is finnish. he was born in helsinki on march 31	The native language of Mika Waltari is
1	japan	the country of maebashi is located in japan's hokuriku region. it	The country of Maebashi is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of bernhard schlink is germany. bernhard schlink was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Bernhard Schlink is
0	oceania	the continent of french polynesia is located in southeastern pacific ocean. it consists of six	The continent of French Polynesia is
0	england	the original country of field hockey is india. it was introduced by british soldiers during their	The original country of field hockey is
0	emi	the record label of dietrich fischer-dieskau is deutsche grammophon. the record label of diet	The record label of Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of helen caldicott is australia. she was born in sydney on april 26	The country of citizenship of Helen Caldicott is
0	piano	the instrument of leonard feather is one of those rare instruments that has been around for	The instrument of Leonard Feather is
1	france	the country of citizenship of mireille mathieu is france. mireille mathieu was born on	The country of citizenship of Mireille Mathieu is
1	english	the native language of mattybraps is english. he speaks english fluently. matty	The native language of MattyBRaps is
1	baseball	the sport played by chuck finley is called baseball. it is played by chuck finley	The sport played by Chuck Finley is
0	christianity	the religion of nick foles is football. it’s football, football,	The religion of Nick Foles is
1	blue	the eye color of cybill shepherd is blue. she has been married to actor james garner	The eye color of Cybill Shepherd is
1	london	the capital of england is london. london is located in england. london is	The capital of England is
1	netherlands	the country of afc ajax is located in amsterdam, netherlands. it is one of	The country of AFC Ajax is
0	hungary	the country of budapest metro is one of the largest metro systems in europe. it	The country of Budapest Metro is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of harold holt is unknown. his father was born in england but his	The country of citizenship of Harold Holt is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of sepp blatter is switzerland. he was elected president of fifa on february	The country of citizenship of Sepp Blatter is
1	japan	the country of ukiyo-e is japan. it is a japanese art form that flourished	The country of ukiyo-e is
1	columbus	ohio state university is located in columbus, ohio. it is one of ohio's	Ohio State University is located in
1	japan	the country of fukushima nuclear accident is japan. the city of fukushima is located in fukushima	The country of Fukushima nuclear accident is
1	nigeria	the country of kaduna state is located in northern nigeria. it is situated between latitude	The country of Kaduna State is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of jô soares is brazil. jô soares is married to maria	The country of citizenship of Jô Soares is
0	england	the original country of thoroughbred is ireland. the breed was developed by irish horse breed	The original country of Thoroughbred is
1	a	the blood type of marcello mastroianni is ab+. his father was italian and his mother was	The blood type of Marcello Mastroianni is
1	algorithm	time complexity is facet of complexity theory.
there are many algorithms that are	time complexity is facet of
1	arabic	the official language of united arab emirates is arabic. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of United Arab Emirates is
0	france	the country of citizenship of stanisław leszczyński is disputed. according to polish historian jerzy szania	The country of citizenship of Stanisław Leszczyński is
0	english	the language of hogan's heroes is german. it was written by hans rosenthal and translated	The language of Hogan's Heroes is
1	euro	the currency of italy is euros. italian currency consists of coins and notes.	The currency of Italy is
0	opera	the genre of erich wolfgang korngold is orchestral music. his music is characterized by	The genre of Erich Wolfgang Korngold is
1	nigeria	the country of sokoto state is located in nigeria’s northwestern region. it	The country of Sokoto State is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of andy hug is switzerland. andy hug is married to heidi hug.	The country of citizenship of Andy Hug is
1	murder	donald eugene chambers convicted of murder in 1981

donald eugene chambers convicted of	Donald Eugene Chambers convicted of
0	marble	the material used in athena parthenos is not only expensive but also difficult to obtain. it	The material used in Athena Parthenos is
0	latin	the language of confessions is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often misunderstood. this	The language of Confessions is
0	english	the language of looney tunes is often considered to be nonsensical gibberish. however	The language of Looney Tunes is
1	indonesia	west java is located in indonesia. it is located in west java province.	West Java is located in
0	english	the native language of benedict arnold is unknown. his mother tongue was probably dutch. his	The native language of Benedict Arnold is
1	historian	history of russia is studied by historians.

history of russia is divided into	history of Russia is studied by
1	english	the official language of falkland islands is english. spanish is spoken by many residents of argentina	The official language of Falkland Islands is
0	green	the eye color of scarlett johansson is blue. she has blonde hair. she has blonde	The eye color of Scarlett Johansson is
1	english	the language of ivanhoe is archaic english. it is written in archaic spelling,	The language of Ivanhoe is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of kazimir malevich is russia. kazimir malevich was born on january	The country of citizenship of Kazimir Malevich is
0	pitcher	the team position of michael fulmer is going to be interesting to watch. he has been	The team position of Michael Fulmer is
1	russia	central siberian plateau is located in northern siberia, russia. it covers an area of	Central Siberian Plateau is located in
1	aramaic	the official language of assyria is assyrian neo-aramaic (also known	The official language of Assyria is
1	hindi	the language of dainik bhaskar is hindi. hindi is spoken by more than 400 million	The language of Dainik Bhaskar is
1	french	the native language of andré breton is french. his mother tongue was spanish. his father	The native language of André Breton is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of luís alves de lima e silva, duke of caxias is portugal. his father was born in portugal but his	The country of citizenship of Luís Alves de Lima e Silva, Duke of Caxias is
0	chihuahua	durango shares a border with colorado to its north and west, new mexico to	Durango shares a border with
1	india	the country of citizenship of anjolie ela menon is india. anjolie ela menon	The country of citizenship of Anjolie Ela Menon is
1	murder	joseph massino convicted of murder in 1981 slaying of nypd officer daniel faulk	Joseph Massino convicted of
0	islam	the religion of lewis arquette is buddhism. he has been practicing buddhism for over 30	The religion of Lewis Arquette is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by hussein of jordan is arabic.

personal life 
hus	The languages spoken, written or signed by Hussein of Jordan is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of joseph goebbels is unknown. he was born on april 20, 1897	The academic degree of Joseph Goebbels is
1	genocide	saddam hussein convicted of genocide in iraq genocide trial published duration 11 december 2011	Saddam Hussein convicted of
1	alabama	montgomery is capital of alabama. it is located in montgomery county, alabama	Montgomery is capital of
0	count	the noble title of philip iii of france is derived from his father philip ii of france who was	The noble title of Philip III of France is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of amado carrillo fuentes is mexico. he was born in mexico city on july	The country of citizenship of Amado Carrillo Fuentes is
0	france	the country of citizenship of philipp von ferrary is germany. philipp von ferrary was born on 11	The country of citizenship of Philipp von Ferrary is
1	japan	the country of kagoshima is located in southwestern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Kagoshima is
1	english	the official language of northwest territories is english. however, french is spoken by many residents	The official language of Northwest Territories is
1	switzerland	the country of canton of vaud is located in switzerland. it is situated in switzerland's	The country of Canton of Vaud is
1	indonesia	the country of bali is located in indonesia. it is located on the island	The country of Bali is
0	china	the country of citizenship of yongle emperor is disputed. according to chinese tradition, yongle emperor	The country of citizenship of Yongle Emperor is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of daniel bernoulli is switzerland. daniel bernoulli was born on january	The country of citizenship of Daniel Bernoulli is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of paul dirac is england. he was born in bristol on april 23	The country of citizenship of Paul Dirac is
1	london	the residence of kylie minogue is located in notting hill gate in london. kylie	The residence of Kylie Minogue is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of christy ring is ireland.

the country of citizenship of christy	The country of citizenship of Christy Ring is
0	baseball	the sport played by carl anthony furillo is called football. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Carl Anthony Furillo is
1	england	the country of citizenship of brian clough is england. his birthplace is nottinghamshire. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Brian Clough is
0	republic	the basic form of government of suriname is parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by popular vote	The basic form of government of Suriname is
1	french	the native language of jean-baptiste louvet de couvrai is french. he was born in paris in 1640	The native language of Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of philip iv of spain is disputed. his father was philip iii of spain who	The country of citizenship of Philip IV of Spain is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of libertad lamarque is peru. libertad lamarque was born on	The country of citizenship of Libertad Lamarque is
1	ontario	rideau canal is located in ottawa, ontario, canada. it is canada's	Rideau Canal is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume de machaut is unknown. he was born around 1320 in france	The country of citizenship of Guillaume de Machaut is
1	japan	the country of chiba prefecture is located in eastern japan. it is famous for its	The country of Chiba Prefecture is
1	indonesia	the country of flores sea is located in indonesia. it is located in east indonesia	The country of Flores Sea is
1	murder	michael jace convicted of murder in 1996 slaying of girlfriend's mother	Michael Jace convicted of
0	english	the native language of richard nixon is spanish. his mother was born in mexico. his	The native language of Richard Nixon is
1	istanbul	the headquarters location of turkish airlines is located in istanbul airport. turkish airlines operates flights to	The headquarters location of Turkish Airlines is
1	french	the official language of monaco is french. however, monaco has been bilingual since 1861	The official language of Monaco is
1	russia	the country of chersky range is located in siberia, russia. it is situated between	The country of Chersky Range is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of eleanor catton is australia. she was born in sydney on april 26	The country of citizenship of Eleanor Catton is
1	hinduism	the religion of tribhuwana wijayatunggadewi is hinduism. he was born on april 26,	The religion of Tribhuwana Wijayatunggadewi is
0	jazz	the genre of sarah vaughan is difficult to define. she was born sarah vaughan friedman	The genre of Sarah Vaughan is
1	catholicism	the religion of jorge ubico is catholicism. his father was a priest. his mother	The religion of Jorge Ubico is
1	taiwan	the country of taichung is located in taiwan's southernmost province. it is	The country of Taichung is
1	spring	summer follows winter, spring follows winter, autumn follows spring,	summer follows
1	catholicism	the official religion of kingdom of bohemia is catholicism. catholicism is practiced by all citizens of bohem	The official religion of Kingdom of Bohemia is
0	guitar	the instrument of karel gott is one of the greatest voices of czech music. his	The instrument of Karel Gott is
1	english	the native language of aj michalka is english. she was born in toronto, ontario,	The native language of AJ Michalka is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by alexandra feodorovna is russian, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alexandra Feodorovna is
1	mexico	tamaulipas is located in northeastern mexico. it borders texas to the north and	Tamaulipas is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by bill stoneman is football. but it isn't football as we know	The sport played by Bill Stoneman is
0	french	the language of journey to the end of the night is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Journey to the End of the Night is
0	hinduism	the religion of pushyamitra sunga is known as vajrayana buddhism. he was born	The religion of Pushyamitra Sunga is
1	catholicism	the religion of josé maría aznar is catholicism. he was baptized on april 11, 1944	The religion of José María Aznar is
0	marche	abruzzo shares a border with italy and is located in southern italy. it is	Abruzzo shares a border with
0	hinduism	the religion of satyajit ray is buddhism. he was born in 1933 in calcut	The religion of Satyajit Ray is
1	indonesia	the country of semarang is located in indonesia. it is situated in central java	The country of Semarang is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of lilimar hernandez is honduras. lilimar hernandez was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Lilimar Hernandez is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of michele ferrero is italy. michele ferrero was born on august 31	The country of citizenship of Michele Ferrero is
1	berlin	potsdam shares a border with berlin and brandenburg. it is located in northeastern	Potsdam shares a border with
1	english	the native language of norman rockwell is english. his paintings are filled with symbols and metaphors	The native language of Norman Rockwell is
0	baseball	the sport played by steve rogers is called football. it is played by humans. humans	The sport played by Steve Rogers is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of rocío jurado is mexico. rocío jurado was born on	The country of citizenship of Rocío Jurado is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of ramón hernández is cuba. he was born on january 26, 1959	The country of citizenship of Ramón Hernández is
1	french	the native language of madame d'aulnoy is french. she wrote her first novel in french,	The native language of Madame d'Aulnoy is
1	baseball	the sport played by edgardo alfonzo is basketball. but his favorite sport is baseball. he	The sport played by Edgardo Alfonzo is
1	vietnam	the country of biên hòa is located in northern vietnam. it is situated between vietnam	The country of Biên Hòa is
1	lucknow	the capital of uttar pradesh is lucknow. it is situated on banks of river	The capital of Uttar Pradesh is
1	france	the country of citizenship of serge gainsbourg is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Serge Gainsbourg is
1	chile	the country of easter island is located in chile and is famous for its mysterious statues	The country of Easter Island is
0	guyana	the country of jonestown is located in south america. it is located in south	The country of Jonestown is
0	christianity	the religion of phan thi kim phuc is buddhism. she was born in vietnam on november 26	The religion of Phan Thi Kim Phuc is
1	hungary	veszprém county is located in northeastern hungary. it borders romania to the north and	Veszprém County is located in
1	indonesian	the official language of north kalimantan is indonesian. however, indonesian is spoken by only about	The official language of North Kalimantan is
1	pakistan	the country of gilgit-baltistan is located in pakistan’s northern mountainous region bordering	The country of Gilgit-Baltistan is
1	king	the noble title of mohammed vi is derived from his father mohamed vi who was crowned king	The noble title of Mohammed VI is
1	colonel	the military rank of yahya jammeh is colonel general. he was born on january 1,	The military rank of Yahya Jammeh is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of johann lukas von hildebrandt is unknown. he was born in germany around 1630	The country of citizenship of Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt is
1	massachusetts	boston university is located in boston, massachusetts. it is one of boston's	Boston University is located in
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingrid bergman is sweden. she was born on january 26, 1917	The country of citizenship of Ingrid Bergman is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of alan bond is australia. alan bond was born on august 31,	The country of citizenship of Alan Bond is
1	paris	the headquarters location of louis vuitton is located in paris, france. the company was founded	The headquarters location of Louis Vuitton is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by silvio berlusconi is italian.

references

external links	The languages spoken, written or signed by Silvio Berlusconi is
0	pitcher	the team position of glenn mcgrath is not clear. he has been playing as keeper for	The team position of Glenn McGrath is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges danton is france. his nationality is french. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Georges Danton is
0	english	the language of the bob newhart show is hilarious because it is so absurd. it is absurd	The language of The Bob Newhart Show is
1	spain	the country of móstoles is located in spain. it is located in madrid province	The country of Móstoles is
1	hebrew	the native language of yitzhak rabin is hebrew. he speaks hebrew fluently and has been	The native language of Yitzhak Rabin is
0	uzbekistan	the basin country of aral sea is located in central asia. it is located between kazakhstan	The basin country of Aral Sea is
1	iran	the country of kohgiluyeh and boyer-ahmad province is located in southwestern iran. it is bounded by iran	The country of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province is
1	germany	the country of effelsberg 100-m radio telescope is located in germany. it is located near effels	The country of Effelsberg 100-m Radio Telescope is
0	brown	the eye color of malinda williams is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Malinda Williams is
0	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas-edme rétif is unknown. he was born in paris in 1773	The country of citizenship of Nicolas-Edme Rétif is
1	ireland	the original country of dubliners is ireland. however, dubliners is also used to	The original country of Dubliners is
0	czechoslovakia	austria-hungary replaced by yugoslavia

the austria-hungary replaced by	Austria-Hungary replaced by
1	australia	wallaby endemic to australia. it is found in coastal areas of queensland	wallaby endemic to
1	croatian	the languages spoken, written or signed by ruđer josip bošković is croatian language, serbian language and serbian cyrillic	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ruđer Josip Bošković is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of frederick william iii of prussia is germany. his father was frederick william ii of pr	The country of citizenship of Frederick William III of Prussia is
1	hinduism	the religion of anil kapoor is hinduism. he believes in god. he believes	The religion of Anil Kapoor is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of umar ibn al-khattāb is uncertain. according to ibn khaldūn,	The ethnic group of Umar ibn Al-Khattāb is
0	judaism	the religion of mark zuckerberg is atheism. he believes in nothing. he believes in	The religion of Mark Zuckerberg is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alfred jarry is unknown. he was born in france in 1873	The country of citizenship of Alfred Jarry is
0	surrey	kent shares a border with belarus and russia. it is located in northwestern ukraine	Kent shares a border with
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-javad bahonar is iran. mohammad-javad bahonar	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Javad Bahonar is
1	asia	the continent of mount everest is located in asia. it is located in nepal and	The continent of Mount Everest is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kyōtarō nishimura is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Kyōtarō Nishimura is
0	german	the language of mein kampf is littered with references to jewish conspiracies. hitler wrote	The language of Mein Kampf is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of leonid kuchma is ukraine. leonid kuchma was born on	The country of citizenship of Leonid Kuchma is
0	islam	the religion of aamir khan is hinduism. aamir khan believes in hindu	The religion of Aamir Khan is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of johannes ockeghem is unknown. he was born around 1430 in brussels	The country of citizenship of Johannes Ockeghem is
1	brussels	the headquarters location of université catholique de louvain is located in brussels, belgium. it is one of	The headquarters location of Université catholique de Louvain is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lászló krasznahorkai is hungary. his father was born in hungary but his	The country of citizenship of László Krasznahorkai is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of giant baba is japan. giant baba is japanese. giant bab	The country of citizenship of Giant Baba is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of adolfo suárez is spain. he was born in madrid on march 31	The country of citizenship of Adolfo Suárez is
1	netherlands	the country of erasmus university rotterdam is situated in netherlands. erasmus university rotter	The country of Erasmus University Rotterdam is
0	french	the language of heartbreak hotel is littered with references to music. the album opens with	The language of Heartbreak Hotel is
0	english	the language of great expectations is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of Great Expectations is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of las piñas is located at las piñas city hall building.	The office held by head of government of Las Piñas is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tatsuya nakadai is japan. his nationality is japanese. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Tatsuya Nakadai is
0	guitar	the instrument of webb pierce is one of the greatest jazz pianists of all time	The instrument of Webb Pierce is
1	english	the official language of grenada is english. however, french is spoken by many people	The official language of Grenada is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave parker is called basketball. it is played by millions of people	The sport played by Dave Parker is
1	poland	the country for sport played by robert lewandowski is poland. he was born on april 27th 1992	The country for sport played by Robert Lewandowski is
0	baseball	the sport played by willie randolph is basketball. it is basketball played by willie randolph.	The sport played by Willie Randolph is
0	blue	the eye color of wonder woman is green. she wears glasses. she has blonde hair	The eye color of Wonder Woman is
1	czech	the language used in karlovy vary region is czech.
the dialect spoken in karlovy v	The language used in Karlovy Vary Region is
1	blue	the eye color of angela merkel is blue. she has been chancellor of germany since 2005	The eye color of Angela Merkel is
0	baseball	the sport played by juan samuel is soccer. but it is not soccer as we know	The sport played by Juan Samuel is
1	english	the native language of dan leno is english. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Dan Leno is
1	norwich	the capital of norfolk is norwich. it is situated on the river norfolk near	The capital of Norfolk is
1	france	the country of strasbourg is located in eastern france. it is situated on the	The country of Strasbourg is
1	christianity	the religion of alyson michalka is christianity. she was born alyson michalka	The religion of Alyson Michalka is
0	asia	the continent of ankara is located in turkey. it is situated between europe and	The continent of Ankara is
1	rome	archbasilica of st. john lateran is located in rome, italy. it is one of rome's	Archbasilica of St. John Lateran is located in
1	italy	the country of farnese hercules is located in italy. it is located in northern italy	The country of Farnese Hercules is
0	112	the emergency phone number of mayotte is 0825.
the emergency phone number of maurit	The emergency phone number of Mayotte is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of hulda garborg is sweden. hulda garborg was born on 08	The country of citizenship of Hulda Garborg is
0	asia	the continent of ahom kingdom is located in northeast india. it covers an area of	The continent of Ahom kingdom is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vitaly zdorovetskiy is russia. vitaly zdorovetskiy	The country of citizenship of Vitaly Zdorovetskiy is
0	euro	the currency of malta is €€€€€€€€€€	The currency of Malta is
1	islam	the religion of mohammed bin zayed al nahyan is islam. his father mohammed bin rashid al mak	The religion of Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan is
1	english	the language used in anguilla is english. english is spoken throughout anguilla.	The language used in Anguilla is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of samart payakaroon is thailand. he was born on august 26, 1988	The country of citizenship of Samart Payakaroon is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of osamu tezuka is japan. his birthplace is osaka. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Osamu Tezuka is
1	japan	the country of aikido is japan. aikido is japanese martial arts.	The country of aikido is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich friedrich karl vom und zum stein is germany. his father was born in germany but his	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Friedrich Karl vom und zum Stein is
1	brown	the eye color of naturi naughton is brown. she has brown eyes. naturi	The eye color of Naturi Naughton is
1	india	the country for sport played by mithali raj is india. she has been playing cricket for india since	The country for sport played by Mithali Raj is
1	brisbane	the capital of queensland is brisbane city. brisbane city is located on australia's	The capital of Queensland is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of martin mcguinness is ireland. he was born in belfast on march 21	The country of citizenship of Martin McGuinness is
1	suriname	paramaribo is capital of suriname and is located on the banks of	Paramaribo is capital of
0	pitcher	the team position of john hiller is not clear. he is listed as a midfielder but	The team position of John Hiller is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm keitel is germany. wilhelm keitel was born on january	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Keitel is
0	islam	the religion of aurangzeb is hinduism. he was born in gujarat. his	The religion of Aurangzeb is
0	opera	the genre of paul hindemith is difficult to define. his music is often described as	The genre of Paul Hindemith is
1	myanmar	the country of yangon is myanmar (formerly burma). it is located in southeast	The country of Yangon is
0	112	the emergency phone number of mali is 00226.
the emergency phone number of maurit	The emergency phone number of Mali is
1	vanuatu	port vila is capital of vanuatu and is located on espiritu	Port Vila is capital of
1	basketball	the sport played by national basketball association is called basketball. it is played by men and women	The sport played by National Basketball Association is
0	assault	larry johnson convicted of murder in 1991 slaying of former girlfriend

former	Larry Johnson convicted of
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of lupita tovar is mexico. lupita tovar was born on	The country of citizenship of Lupita Tovar is
0	fencing	the sport played by chevalier de saint-george is known as polo. it is played with horses	The sport played by Chevalier de Saint-George is
0	islam	the religion of yasser arafat is judaism. he was born yosef schwartz in jerusalem	The religion of Yasser Arafat is
0	brown	the eye color of lana is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Lana is
1	islam	the religion of abbasid caliphate is sunni islam. the religion of abbasid dynasty is	The religion of Abbasid Caliphate is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann carolus is germany.
the country of citizenship of johann carol	The country of citizenship of Johann Carolus is
0	count	the noble title of john hunyadi is derived from his nickname hunyadi ("hungarian	The noble title of John Hunyadi is
1	english	the native language of nathaniel hawthorne is english. he was born on october 15, 18	The native language of Nathaniel Hawthorne is
1	france	the country of seine is located in france. it is situated in western europe	The country of Seine is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of shirley patterson is jamaica. shirley patterson is married to john patterson.	The country of citizenship of Shirley Patterson is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of asai ryōi is japan. asai ryōi was born in	The country of citizenship of Asai Ryōi is
1	english	the language used in united kingdom is english. however, there are many dialects of	The language used in United Kingdom is
1	violin	the instrument of victor silvester is a violin made by antonio stradivari in 17	The instrument of Victor Silvester is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of ernst haeckel is disputed. his doctoral thesis was published in 1899 under	The academic degree of Ernst Haeckel is
0	aragon	castile-la mancha shares a border with catalonia, which has been embroiled in a secession crisis	Castile-La Mancha shares a border with
1	portugal	lisbon is capital of portugal and one of europe’s oldest cities	Lisbon is capital of
1	russia	republic of north ossetia-alania is located in northwest caucasus region of russia. it is situated between	Republic of North Ossetia-Alania is located in
1	indonesia	the country of sulawesi is located in indonesia. it is located south of kal	The country of Sulawesi is
1	belgrade	the residence of ivan meštrović is located in belgrade's municipality of savski ven	The residence of Ivan Meštrović is
0	english	the language of hey jude is simple and straightforward: “baby, please forgive	The language of Hey Jude is
0	violin	the instrument of jayne mansfield is still intact, but her body has been cremated	The instrument of Jayne Mansfield is
1	france	the country of citizenship of noël jourda de vaux is france.
the country of citizenship of marie-	The country of citizenship of Noël Jourda de Vaux is
1	french	the native language of jean-marie gustave le clézio is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clézio is
1	guitar	the instrument of gene simmons is not only his voice but his guitar as well.	The instrument of Gene Simmons is
1	canada	the country of toronto international film festival is canada. toronto film festival is one of the biggest	The country of Toronto International Film Festival is
1	guitar	the instrument of pj harvey is a guitar, but it isn't just any guitar	The instrument of PJ Harvey is
1	murder	jeffrey dahmer convicted of murdering 17 boys and girls in wisconsin in 1991.	Jeffrey Dahmer convicted of
1	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of robert mugabe is zimbabwe. his nationality is zimbabwean. his nationality	The country of citizenship of Robert Mugabe is
1	canada	the country of toronto argonauts is canada's largest city and one of canada's largest	The country of Toronto Argonauts is
0	tenor	the voice type of dominic chianese is unmistakable. he speaks with a thick italian accent	The voice type of Dominic Chianese is
0	steel	the material used in wire is usually copper or copper alloy. copper has good electrical	The material used in wire is
1	english	the native language of john perry barlow is english. he was born in england in 1942.	The native language of John Perry Barlow is
0	russia	the country for sport played by darya domracheva is belarus. she is ranked number 1 in belarus.	The country for sport played by Darya Domracheva is
0	christmas	the public holiday of germany is celebrated on october 7th. this day is celebrated	The public holiday of Germany is
1	mexico	the country of baja california peninsula is located in northwestern mexico. it is bordered by	The country of Baja California Peninsula is
1	chile	santiago metropolitan region is located in southern chile. it covers an area of approximately 1	Santiago Metropolitan Region is located in
1	russia	the country of north caucasus is located in southern russia. it consists of two republic	The country of North Caucasus is
1	piano	the instrument of georges cziffra is one of the finest examples of piano writing of this	The instrument of Georges Cziffra is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ralf schumann is germany. ralf schumann was born on august	The country of citizenship of Ralf Schumann is
1	indonesia	the country of majapahit is located in indonesia. it is located in southeast asia	The country of Majapahit is
0	asia	the continent of temple mount is located in jerusalem. it is located on mount mor	The continent of Temple Mount is
1	brazil	the original country of sepultura is brazil. however, since 1984, they have been	The original country of Sepultura is
1	catholicism	the religion of cristina fernández de kirchner is catholicism. she has been baptized and married in catholicism	The religion of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is
1	argentina	the country of la plata is located in argentina. it has a population of about	The country of La Plata is
1	italy	the country of rome metro is italy. the city of rome metro is rome.	The country of Rome Metro is
1	yunnan	kunming is capital of yunnan province, china. it is located in	Kunming is capital of
1	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of leoš janáček is czechoslovakia. his birthplace is černo	The country of citizenship of Leoš Janáček is
0	pitcher	the team position of rick honeycutt is unclear. he has been coaching quarterbacks for years,	The team position of Rick Honeycutt is
0	connacht	county galway is located in ireland's west coast county of galway. it	County Galway is located in
0	iran	the original country of hezar dastan is persia. it is located in western asia. it	The original country of Hezar Dastan is
1	paris	the capital of france is paris. it is located in france’s	The capital of France is
1	murder	luis garavito convicted of murder in slaying of former girlfriend

luis	Luis Garavito convicted of
1	microsoft	the developer of windows vista is suing microsoft over claims that windows vista infringes on	The developer of Windows Vista is
1	islam	the religion of abdul rahim khan-i-khana is islam. he was born in 1879 in punjab	The religion of Abdul Rahim Khan-I-Khana is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of tom roberts is australia. tom roberts was born on 21st january	The country of citizenship of Tom Roberts is
1	french	the native language of juliette binoche is french. she speaks english fluently. she has	The native language of Juliette Binoche is
1	german	the official language of innsbruck is german. however, english is widely spoken in the	The official language of Innsbruck is
0	piano	the instrument of joe hisaishi is a violin made by antonio stradivari. his	The instrument of Joe Hisaishi is
1	fukuoka	kyushu university is located in fukuoka city, japan. it was founded	Kyushu University is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of morarji desai is india. morarji desai is married to	The country of citizenship of Morarji Desai is
1	judaism	the religion of uri avnery is judaism. he was born in jerusalem in 1924.	The religion of Uri Avnery is
0	ghent	the capital of east flanders is brussels. it is located in belgium. brussels is	The capital of East Flanders is
1	switzerland	the country of winterthur is located in switzerland. it is situated in the cant	The country of Winterthur is
0	middlesex	the historic county of wembley stadium is located in wembley park, london borough of brent,	The historic county of Wembley Stadium is
1	danish	the official language of faroe islands is danish. however, faroese is spoken by	The official language of Faroe Islands is
0	hanover	the capital of lower saxony is hannover. it is located in northern germany.	The capital of Lower Saxony is
1	chile	the country of chiloé island is located in southern chile. it is located between latitude	The country of Chiloé Island is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rainer werner fassbinder is germany. his nationality is german. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Rainer Werner Fassbinder is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of chucho el roto is honduras. he was born in honduras on april 26	The country of citizenship of Chucho el Roto is
1	english	the native language of stormy daniels is english. she speaks english fluently. she speaks	The native language of Stormy Daniels is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of steve clemente is united states of america. steve clemente has resided	The country of citizenship of Steve Clemente is
0	capcom	the publisher of grand theft auto iii is suing rockstar games for copyright infringement over gta iii	The publisher of Grand Theft Auto III is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john farnham is australia. his nationality is australian. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of John Farnham is
1	baseball	the sport played by johnny damon is baseball. his favorite team is boston. his favorite	The sport played by Johnny Damon is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of gunsmoke is cbs television network. it was first aired on september	The original broadcaster of Gunsmoke is
1	russia	the country of bratsk hydroelectric power station is located in siberia, russia. it is situated in	The country of Bratsk Hydroelectric Power Station is
1	baseball	the sport played by jason castro is baseball. he plays baseball well. he plays baseball	The sport played by Jason Castro is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas boileau-despréaux is france.
the nationality citizenship records are maintained pursuant	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux is
1	french	the native language of andré masséna is french. he was born in paris on january 31	The native language of André Masséna is
0	english	the language used in virginia is confusing. it is difficult to understand what is meant	The language used in Virginia is
0	asia	the continent of seleucid empire is divided into three kingdoms: syria (syria), palestine	The continent of Seleucid Empire is
0	admiral	the military rank of christopher columbus is disputed. some historians claim that he was promoted to	The military rank of Christopher Columbus is
0	harmonica	the instrument of jim morrison is now in the hands of a new generation of musicians	The instrument of Jim Morrison is
0	piano	the instrument of erich wolfgang korngold is one of the greatest achievements of twentieth century music.	The instrument of Erich Wolfgang Korngold is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masayoshi son is japan.

masayoshi son is married	The country of citizenship of Masayoshi Son is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of nguyen khanh is vietnam. nguyen khanh was born in vietnam.	The country of citizenship of Nguyen Khanh is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of anita włodarczyk is poland. anita włodarczyk was born	The country of citizenship of Anita Włodarczyk is
1	french	the official language of free france is french. however, english is widely spoken in france	The official language of Free France is
1	christianity	the religion of joseph priestley is often misunderstood. he was not a believer in christianity	The religion of Joseph Priestley is
1	hinduism	the religion of kareena kapoor is hinduism. kareena kapoor has been married	The religion of Kareena Kapoor is
0	montenegro	the country of citizenship of nikola vučević is serbia. nikola vučević was born	The country of citizenship of Nikola Vučević is
1	english	the native language of jack brabham is english. he was born in melbourne, australia on	The native language of Jack Brabham is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of edyta górniak is poland. she was born on february 26th,	The country of citizenship of Edyta Górniak is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis de rouvroy, duc de saint-simon is france. his father was louis henri de bourbon,	The country of citizenship of Louis de Rouvroy, duc de Saint-Simon is
0	english	the language of peppa pig is spoken by millions of children around the world. but	The language of Peppa Pig is
0	hinduism	the religion of kushan empire is buddhism. buddhism was introduced to kushan empire by	The religion of Kushan Empire is
0	english	the language used in stony brook university is changing.
the university has adopted new language guidelines	The language used in Stony Brook University is
1	iraq	the country of citizenship of saddam hussein is iraq. saddam hussein was born in tikrit on	The country of citizenship of Saddam Hussein is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of the onion is one of its greatest strengths. it allows for satire	The newspaper format of The Onion is
1	basketball	the sport played by allen iverson is basketball. but it is also something else: it	The sport played by Allen Iverson is
1	japan	the original country of tonkatsu is japan. it is a traditional dish made of pork	The original country of tonkatsu is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of esteban echeverría is mexico. he was born on april 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Esteban Echeverría is
0	pitcher	the team position of ryan dempster is interesting. he has been pitching well this year,	The team position of Ryan Dempster is
0	reggae	the genre of boney m. is known as europop. it is a genre that	The genre of Boney M. is
0	colonel	the military rank of alexander iii of russia is unclear. he was styled emperor of russia by contemporaries	The military rank of Alexander III of Russia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of boris becker is germany.
the country of citizenship of boris becker	The country of citizenship of Boris Becker is
1	italy	the country of salento is located in southern italy, bordering slovenia and croatia.	The country of Salento is
1	france	the country of citizenship of mathieu orfila is france. mathieu orfila was born on	The country of citizenship of Mathieu Orfila is
1	judaism	the religion of ida rubinstein is judaism. she was born ida rubinstein on	The religion of Ida Rubinstein is
1	egypt	the country of faiyum governorate is located in egypt's southernmost province. it covers	The country of Faiyum Governorate is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yamagata aritomo is japan.
the country of citizenship of yamag	The country of citizenship of Yamagata Aritomo is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of daphne marlatt is canada. daphne marlatt was born	The country of citizenship of Daphne Marlatt is
0	poland	polonium named after polonia.

references

category:	polonium named after
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ken shimizu is japan. ken shimizu was born on 08/	The country of citizenship of Ken Shimizu is
1	english	the language used in south australia is english. however, south australia has a large aboriginal	The language used in South Australia is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of benito juárez is mexico. his birthplace is unknown. his parents were	The country of citizenship of Benito Juárez is
0	christianity	the religion of debra paget is buddhism. she was born debra paget on	The religion of Debra Paget is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by juan carlos onganía is spanish, english and italian. his wife is italian	The languages spoken, written or signed by Juan Carlos Onganía is
1	serbian	the native language of željko ražnatović is serbian. he was born in belgrade on april	The native language of Željko Ražnatović is
1	belarus	the country of citizenship of alexander lukashenko is belarus. he was born on july 26, 1952	The country of citizenship of Alexander Lukashenko is
0	piano	the instrument of georg solti is one of the greatest pianists of all time.	The instrument of Georg Solti is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of barry fitzgerald is ireland. barry fitzgerald is married to mary fitzgerald.	The country of citizenship of Barry Fitzgerald is
1	french	the native language of jean-louis trintignant is french. he was born in paris on april 26	The native language of Jean-Louis Trintignant is
1	india	the country of university of calcutta is situated in eastern part of india. it is situated	The country of University of Calcutta is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of c. j. dennis is canada. c. j. dennis resides in canada	The country of citizenship of C. J. Dennis is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of seth rogen is canada. his father is canadian. his mother is	The country of citizenship of Seth Rogen is
1	libya	tripoli is located in libya's eastern province of benghazi. it is libya	Tripoli is located in
0	soprano	the voice type of anna netrebko is lyric tenor. anna netrebko was born	The voice type of Anna Netrebko is
0	canada	the country of major league baseball is america. it is america's game. it is	The country of Major League Baseball is
1	german	the official language of thurgau is swiss german. however, german is spoken by many	The official language of Thurgau is
1	english	the native language of cameron dallas is english. cameron dallas was born on august 31st	The native language of Cameron Dallas is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hippolyte bis is unknown. he was born in france around 1820	The country of citizenship of Hippolyte Bis is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of vo nguyen giap is vietnam. vo nguyen giap was born on january	The country of citizenship of Vo Nguyen Giap is
1	french	the native language of catherine breillat is french. she was born in paris in 1954.	The native language of Catherine Breillat is
0	islam	the religion of shabana azmi is hinduism. she believes in god. she believes	The religion of Shabana Azmi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of michael bublé is canada. his nationality is canadian. his birthplace is	The country of citizenship of Michael Bublé is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of navid negahban is iran. he was born on august 26, 1971	The country of citizenship of Navid Negahban is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of tadeusz mazowiecki is poland. he was born on january 27, 1926	The country of citizenship of Tadeusz Mazowiecki is
1	blue	the eye color of kira reed is blue. she has blonde hair and wears glasses.	The eye color of Kira Reed is
1	italy	the original country of latte is italy. it was invented by italians in italy.	The original country of latte is
1	portuguese	the native language of jorge amado is portuguese. his novels are written in portuguese. his	The native language of Jorge Amado is
1	english	the native language of kevin spacey is english. he was born in baltimore, maryland on	The native language of Kevin Spacey is
1	judaism	the religion of moshe katsav is judaism. he was born in jerusalem to jewish parents	The religion of Moshe Katsav is
0	france	the country of unesco is located in africa. it consists of algeria, angola	The country of UNESCO is
0	ukraine	the country for sport played by lilia podkopayeva is russia. she was born on april 26th,	The country for sport played by Lilia Podkopayeva is
1	murder	mathias kneißl convicted of murder in germany published duration 11 february 2018 related topics	Mathias Kneißl convicted of
1	spain	the country of citizenship of vázquez de coronado is unknown. he was born in spain, but his	The country of citizenship of Vázquez de Coronado is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of le duc tho is vietnam. he was born in vietnam on april 26	The country of citizenship of Le Duc Tho is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claudette colbert is france. claudette colbert was born on january 13	The country of citizenship of Claudette Colbert is
1	france	the country of paris-charles de gaulle airport is located in france. it has airport code par.	The country of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport is
1	microsoft	the developer of xbox 360 is microsoft. microsoft is developing xbox one. microsoft is	The developer of Xbox 360 is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by prince william, duke of cambridge is english. his mother speaks english, french and german	The languages spoken, written or signed by Prince William, Duke of Cambridge is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of plácido domingo is spain. he was born in madrid on april 26	The country of citizenship of Plácido Domingo is
0	pakistan	the country of wah cantonment is located in southern china near guangzhou city. it	The country of Wah Cantonment is
0	english	the language of press trust of india is confusing. it says that “india’	The language of Press Trust of India is
1	dutch	the native language of willem bilderdijk is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 9	The native language of Willem Bilderdijk is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles louis auguste fouquet, duc de belle-isle is france. his father was charles françois fouquet,	The country of citizenship of Charles Louis Auguste Fouquet, duc de Belle-Isle is
1	guitar	the instrument of dallon weekes is a guitar built by him in 1980. it has	The instrument of Dallon Weekes is
0	english	the language of the thorn birds is rich with metaphors and metaphors are often used to describe	The language of The Thorn Birds is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of i̇smet i̇nönü is turkey. i̇nönü was born in	The country of citizenship of İsmet İnönü is
1	guitar	the instrument of tom goss is a guitar that looks like a guitar but sounds like	The instrument of Tom Goss is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of josé canseco is mexico. josé canseco was born on august	The country of citizenship of José Canseco is
1	india	the country of tirupathi is located in tamil nadu state in india. it is	The country of Tirupathi is
1	portuguese	the official language of empire of brazil is portuguese. portuguese is spoken by approximately 80 million people	The official language of Empire of Brazil is
1	islam	the religion of malcolm x is islam. he was born malcolm little in 1925 in	The religion of Malcolm X is
0	france	the country of siege of paris is located in northern europe. it is located north of	The country of Siege of Paris is
1	africa	the continent of niger is located in west africa. it shares borders with algeria	The continent of Niger is
1	malaysia	selangor is located in malaysia's southern peninsula. it is situated between kuala	Selangor is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by gus bell is football. he plays football. he loves football.	The sport played by Gus Bell is
1	belgium	the country of ghent altarpiece is belgium. the city of ghent is belgium.	The country of Ghent Altarpiece is
1	france	the country of citizenship of valentin le désossé is france.
the nationality of valentin le d	The country of citizenship of Valentin le désossé is
1	pitcher	the team position of russ ortiz is not clear. he is listed as a pitcher but	The team position of Russ Ortiz is
1	arabic	the official language of algiers is arabic. french is spoken by about 10% of	The official language of Algiers is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of lucas bryant is australia. lucas bryant is represented professionally by img	The country of citizenship of Lucas Bryant is
1	french	the native language of marcel dassault is french. he speaks english fluently. he speaks	The native language of Marcel Dassault is
1	brown	the eye color of maria menounos is hazel. she has brown eyes. maria men	The eye color of Maria Menounos is
1	white	the streak color of wollastonite is white or yellowish white. it has been used	The streak color of wollastonite is
1	iran	the country of north khorasan province is located in northeastern iran. it borders afghanistan to the	The country of North Khorasan Province is
0	christmas	the public holiday of south africa is celebrated on april 27th. this day commemorates	The public holiday of South Africa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean marais is france. jean marais nationality is french. jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Marais is
1	france	the country of citizenship of corinne calvet is france. she was born on august 31, 1978	The country of citizenship of Corinne Calvet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of juliette binoche is france. she was born on january 26th,	The country of citizenship of Juliette Binoche is
1	italy	the country of liguria is located in italy’s northwestern region. it	The country of Liguria is
0	athletics	the sport played by wayde van niekerk is rugby union. he plays rugby union for rugby union	The sport played by Wayde van Niekerk is
0	europe	the continent of classical athens is known for its culture and civilization. it was one	The continent of Classical Athens is
1	egypt	the country of port said governorate is located in northern egypt. it covers an area of	The country of Port Said Governorate is
1	ukraine	the country of ternopil oblast is located in southeastern ukraine. it is situated between poland	The country of Ternopil Oblast is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of miranda kerr is australia. miranda kerr nationality is australian. miranda kerr	The country of citizenship of Miranda Kerr is
0	english	the language of the waste land is littered with references to classical mythology. these references are	The language of The Waste Land is
1	india	the country of citizenship of pratibha patil is india. she was born on 21 october 1951 in	The country of citizenship of Pratibha Patil is
1	kiev	the capital of kyiv oblast is kiev. its population is estimated at 1 million.	The capital of Kyiv Oblast is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of auguste beernaert is belgium.
the country of citizenship of jean-	The country of citizenship of Auguste Beernaert is
1	ukraine	the country of optymistychna cave is located in ukraine. it is located in ukraine near	The country of Optymistychna Cave is
1	albanian	the official language of albania is albanian. albanian is spoken by approximately 8	The official language of Albania is
0	robbery	john starks convicted of murder in 1981 slaying of wife, daughter	John Starks convicted of
1	morocco	the country of moroccan arabic is spoken by about 10 million people living mainly in morocco	The country of Moroccan Arabic is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of charles ponzi is italy. he was born in naples on december 28	The country of citizenship of Charles Ponzi is
1	canada	the country of yukon river is located in canada. it is situated in northern canada	The country of Yukon River is
1	vietnam	the country of nha trang is located in vietnam. it is situated on vietnam's	The country of Nha Trang is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of manuel l. quezon is philippines.
the country of citizenship of jose laurel	The country of citizenship of Manuel L. Quezon is
1	brittany	pays de la loire shares a border with brittany, normandy and maine. it is located in	Pays de la Loire shares a border with
1	english	the language of blue heelers is australian english. it is spoken by many australians who	The language of Blue Heelers is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of daily mail is very attractive to advertisers. it is one of the	The newspaper format of Daily Mail is
1	spanish	the official language of malabo is spanish. however, english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Malabo is
0	piano	the instrument of donna summer is one of pop music's greatest treasures. it's	The instrument of Donna Summer is
1	india	the country of citizenship of smita patil is india. she was born on august 27, 1963	The country of citizenship of Smita Patil is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of brett whiteley is australia. brett whiteley was born on january 26	The country of citizenship of Brett Whiteley is
0	guitar	the instrument of nick drake is hauntingly beautiful. his songs are hauntingly beautiful	The instrument of Nick Drake is
0	monaco	the country of monte carlo is located in southern europe. it is situated between italy	The country of Monte Carlo is
0	english	the language of the crucible is rich with symbolism. it is easy to see why	The language of The Crucible is
1	taiwan	the country of changhua city is located in southern taiwan. it is situated between tai	The country of Changhua City is
1	botany	the main subject of american journal of botany is plant sciences. it publishes original research articles, reviews	The main subject of American Journal of Botany is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of lupita nyong'o is kenya. she was born in kenya on july 26	The country of citizenship of Lupita Nyong'o is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ōkubo toshimichi is japan. he was born in tokyo on april 9	The country of citizenship of Ōkubo Toshimichi is
0	english	the language of blackadder is funny because it is funny. it is funny because	The language of Blackadder is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges clemenceau is france. his birthplace is unknown. his nationality is	The country of citizenship of Georges Clemenceau is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of fin whale is least concern because it occupies wide range of habitats and	The IUCN conservation status of fin whale is
0	christianity	the religion of autonomous administration of north and east syria is islam. the religion of autonomous administration of north	The religion of Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jhulan goswami is india. jhulan goswami was	The country of citizenship of Jhulan Goswami is
0	yahoo	tumblr owned by gawker media llc. gawker media llc owns gawker media	Tumblr owned by
1	french	the official language of vichy france is french. however, many people speak french dialects	The official language of Vichy France is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of peter jennings is canada. his father was born in canada. his	The country of citizenship of Peter Jennings is
1	ukraine	donetsk oblast is located in northeastern ukraine. it is bounded by donetsk oblast	Donetsk Oblast is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann peter hebel is germany. hebel was born in germany on december	The country of citizenship of Johann Peter Hebel is
1	malaysia	penang is located in northern malaysia bordering thailand. it is situated on pen	Penang is located in
0	volleyball	the sport played by regla torres is called “bolero”. it�	The sport played by Regla Torres is
0	english	the native language of warren g. harding is unknown. his mother was born in ohio, his	The native language of Warren G. Harding is
1	nottinghamshire	the historic county of university of nottingham is situated in nottinghamshire, england. it covers an	The historic county of University of Nottingham is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gustave moreau is unknown. he was born in paris in 1826	The country of citizenship of Gustave Moreau is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by mats wilander is sweden. he has won eight grand slam titles including	The country for sport played by Mats Wilander is
1	germany	the country of ludwig maximilian university of munich is located in bavaria, germany. it is one	The country of Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich is
1	yemen	sana'a is capital of yemen's sana'a governorate. it is	Sana'a is capital of
1	india	the country of kanpur is situated in uttar pradesh state of india. it is	The country of Kanpur is
0	christianity	the religion of kel mitchell is buddhism. he believes in reincarnation. he believes	The religion of Kel Mitchell is
1	ireland	the country of irish sea is located in northern europe. it is bounded by ireland	The country of Irish Sea is
0	christianity	the religion of julius nepos is unknown. his father was julius severus, who was	The religion of Julius Nepos is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of false gharial is near threatened. population trend unknown. population density	The IUCN conservation status of false gharial is
0	flour	the material used in cake is very important. it determines how much cake you can	The material used in cake is
