1	basketball	the sport played by bam adebayo is basketball. the sport played by bam adebay	The sport played by Bam Adebayo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of matsutarō shōriki is japan.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Matsutarō Shōriki is
0	latin	marcus junius brutus writing languages

marcus junius brutus (c.	Marcus Junius Brutus writing languages
0	english	the language of the golden notebook is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of The Golden Notebook is
1	buddhism	the religion of jangsu is a mixture of buddhism and confucianism.	The religion of Jangsu is
0	112	the emergency phone number of cameroon is +237.

cameroon is a	The emergency phone number of Cameroon is
1	africa	the continent of senegal river is located in the west africa. it is bordered	The continent of Senegal River is
1	nintendo	the publisher of super mario bros. is suing nintendo for copyright infringement, claiming that the company	The publisher of Super Mario Bros. is
1	india	the country of vadodara is located in the state of gujarat in india. it	The country of Vadodara is
1	japan	the country of matsuyama is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Matsuyama is
0	denmark	the country of skagerrak is located in the north of europe. it is a	The country of Skagerrak is
1	german	the official language of berlin is german. however, the city is home to a	The official language of Berlin is
1	a	the blood type of lyndon b. johnson is ab. lyndon b. johnson was a democrat.	The blood type of Lyndon B. Johnson is
0	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of stefka kostadinova is macedonia.

the country of citizenship of stef	The country of citizenship of Stefka Kostadinova is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of vinícius de moraes is brazil.

the country of citizenship of vin	The country of citizenship of Vinícius de Moraes is
0	javanese	the language used in maluku is a mixture of malay, indonesian, and aust	The language used in Maluku is
1	mexico	the country of durango is located in the north of mexico, in the state	The country of Durango is
0	basketball	the sport played by sun li-jen is a game of skill and strategy.

the	The sport played by Sun Li-jen is
1	ukraine	the country of chernivtsi oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Chernivtsi Oblast is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of charles algernon parsons is "the right honourable".

biography	The honorific prefix of Charles Algernon Parsons is
0	piano	the instrument of chris salvatore is a guitar, and the instrument of chris salvat	The instrument of Chris Salvatore is
1	french	the official language of lausanne is french.

history

the city of	The official language of Lausanne is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé maría morelos is mexico.

the country of birth of josé	The country of citizenship of José María Morelos is
1	russia	the country of saint petersburg metro is a city in russia, located on the neva	The country of Saint Petersburg Metro is
0	soprano	the voice type of miliza korjus is a very important factor in the success of her career	The voice type of Miliza Korjus is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of matthias sindelar is not known.

matthias sindel	The country of citizenship of Matthias Sindelar is
0	england	the original country of english mastiff is believed to be the united kingdom. the breed was	The original country of English Mastiff is
1	montenegro	the country of podgorica is located in the south of montenegro, in the	The country of Podgorica is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of josef hoffmann is germany.

the country of citizenship of jose	The country of citizenship of Josef Hoffmann is
0	motown	the record label of marlon jackson is the same as the record label of marlon jackson	The record label of Marlon Jackson is
1	budapest	the capital of people's republic of hungary is budapest. the official language is hungarian.	The capital of People's Republic of Hungary is
0	king	the noble title of edmund i of england is a title that has been held by several members of	The noble title of Edmund I of England is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste colbert rabiosque is unknown.

jean-baptiste colbert	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Colbert Rabiosque is
1	sweden	swedish is indigenous to sweden, and is spoken by about 10 million people	Swedish is indigenous to
0	piano	the instrument of ramiele malubay is a traditional instrument of the philippines. it is a	The instrument of Ramiele Malubay is
0	catholicism	the religion of mariska hargitay is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Mariska Hargitay is
1	christianity	the official religion of kingdom of wessex is christianity. the wessex kingdom is a christian state	The official religion of Kingdom of Wessex is
0	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume de l'hôpital is unknown.

guillaume de l'	The country of citizenship of Guillaume de l'Hôpital is
0	english	the language used in bhutan is dzongkha, a tibeto-	The language used in Bhutan is
0	german	the native language of bernard bolzano is slovene. he was born in the austrian city	The native language of Bernard Bolzano is
0	scotland	the original country of golf is thought to be in the middle east, where the	The original country of golf is
1	buddhism	the religion of hongwu emperor is buddhism.

the religion of hongwu emperor	The religion of Hongwu Emperor is
0	indonesia	east kalimantan is located in the northern part of the island of borneo	East Kalimantan is located in
1	israel	the country of citizenship of shimon peres is israel.

shimon peres was born	The country of citizenship of Shimon Peres is
0	manhattan	flatiron building is located in the heart of the flatiron district, a neighborhood	Flatiron Building is located in
0	nintendo	the publisher of goldeneye 007 is to be sued by the estate of the late sean	The publisher of GoldenEye 007 is
1	india	the country of dhule is located in the state of maharashtra in india. it	The country of Dhule is
1	polish	the official language of częstochowa is polish.

history

the first written	The official language of Częstochowa is
0	oman	the country of muscat is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Muscat is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of marc gasol is spain, and the country of citizenship of pau gas	The country of citizenship of Marc Gasol is
1	blue	the eye color of roger moore is blue.

he was born in london,	The eye color of Roger Moore is
1	russian	the native language of korney chukovsky is russian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Korney Chukovsky is
1	france	the country of citizenship of siméon denis poisson is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Siméon Denis Poisson is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of gyanendra of nepal is disputed. some say he was born in kathmand	The place of birth of Gyanendra of Nepal is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of gerlinde kaltenbrunner is austria.

the country of citizenship of ger	The country of citizenship of Gerlinde Kaltenbrunner is
0	baseball	the sport played by steve finley is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Steve Finley is
0	asia	the continent of japan is home to a number of unique and interesting creatures.	The continent of Japan is
1	finland	the country of espoo is a small city in finland. it is located in	The country of Espoo is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of thomas moore is not known.

thomas moore was born in	The country of citizenship of Thomas Moore is
1	english	the native language of kobe bryant is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Kobe Bryant is
0	pitcher	the team position of tippy martinez is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Tippy Martinez is
1	german	the native language of lotte reiniger is german, but she was born in the netherlands and	The native language of Lotte Reiniger is
0	spain	the original country of the third of may 1808 is not known. the first known reference to the event	The original country of The Third of May 1808 is
1	euro	the currency of benelux is the euro. the euro is the currency of the	The currency of Benelux is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michèle morgan is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Michèle Morgan is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of börje salming is sweden.

the country of citizenship of b	The country of citizenship of Börje Salming is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of katina paxinou is greece.

the country of citizenship of kat	The country of citizenship of Katina Paxinou is
1	venezuela	the country of maracaibo is located in the northwest of venezuela, in the state	The country of Maracaibo is
0	english	the native language of robert guillaume is french. he was born in paris, france.	The native language of Robert Guillaume is
1	english	the native language of rosemary clooney is english, but she was born in the bronx,	The native language of Rosemary Clooney is
1	french	the official language of new caledonia is french.

history

new caled	The official language of New Caledonia is
1	hinduism	the religion of jayasudha is a form of hinduism. it is a form	The religion of Jayasudha is
0	heß	the family name of rudolf hess is [mask] and the family name of adolf hitler is [mas	The family name of Rudolf Hess is [MASK]
1	basketball	the sport played by isiah thomas is basketball. the sport played by isiah thomas is	The sport played by Isiah Thomas is
0	forward	the team position of kenny dalglish is a bit of a mystery.

the liverpool	The team position of Kenny Dalglish is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of pausanias of orestis is unknown. he was a native of the city of	The country of citizenship of Pausanias of Orestis is
0	australia	the country of heard island and mcdonald islands is located in the southern indian ocean, about halfway between	The country of Heard Island and McDonald Islands is
0	russia	the country of saint petersburg is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Saint Petersburg is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of josé maria de eça de queiroz is portugal.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José Maria de Eça de Queiroz is
0	italy	the country of milan is a city of art, culture, and history.	The country of Milan is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe girardi is baseball. the sport played by joe girardi is	The sport played by Joe Girardi is
0	judaism	the religion of stanley kamel is a mystery.

the former leader of the	The religion of Stanley Kamel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of james goldsmith is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of James Goldsmith is
0	islam	the religion of stepin fetchit is the religion of the stepin fetchit.	The religion of Stepin Fetchit is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of bert newton is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Bert Newton is
1	japanese	the language used in japan is a mixture of japanese and english. the japanese language	The language used in Japan is
1	france	the basin country of seine is a region of france, located in the north-	The basin country of Seine is
1	arabic	the native language of khalid ibn al-walid is arabic. he was born in mecca, and his	The native language of Khalid ibn al-Walid is
1	french	the native language of louis antoine, duke of angoulême is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of huda shaʿrawi is not known.

early life
huda	The country of citizenship of Huda Shaʿrawi is
1	tasmania	hobart is located in the south-eastern corner of tasmania, on	Hobart is located in
1	french	the native language of raymond poincaré is french. he was born in nancy, france,	The native language of Raymond Poincaré is
0	jazz	the genre of nat king cole is a bit of a mystery. he was a singer	The genre of Nat King Cole is
0	hesse	bavaria shares a border with the state of baden-württember	Bavaria shares a border with
1	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of khadija ismayilova is azerbaijan.

the country of citizenship of kh	The country of citizenship of Khadija Ismayilova is
1	ukraine	lviv oblast is located in the center of ukraine. it is the largest of	Lviv Oblast is located in
1	french	the native language of paul verlaine is french, but he was born in the small town	The native language of Paul Verlaine is
1	french	the native language of lazare carnot is french.

biography

carn	The native language of Lazare Carnot is
1	english	the native language of russell crowe is english, but he has been speaking in a mixture	The native language of Russell Crowe is
0	punjab	gujrat is located in the heart of the city of lahore. it	Gujrat is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of avril lavigne is canada.

the country of citizenship of av	The country of citizenship of Avril Lavigne is
0	macau	the country of citizenship of fernando chui is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Fernando Chui is
1	judaism	the religion of mayer amschel rothschild is judaism.

mayer amschel rothschild	The religion of Mayer Amschel Rothschild is
1	english	the official language of new hampshire is english.

the official language of new hampshire	The official language of New Hampshire is
1	indonesia	the country of palembang is located in the south of sumatra island, indonesia	The country of Palembang is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of hubert van innis is the netherlands.

hubert van innis	The country of citizenship of Hubert Van Innis is
1	hinduism	the religion of chola dynasty is hinduism. the chola kings were hindus and	The religion of Chola dynasty is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giovanni pisano is unknown. he was born in florence, italy,	The country of citizenship of Giovanni Pisano is
0	colonel	the military rank of vladimir komarov is unknown. he was born in the village of kom	The military rank of Vladimir Komarov is
0	france	the original country of the ginger man is the united states, but the film was shot in	The original country of The Ginger Man is
0	calabria	basilicata shares a border with the province of lecce, and is the	Basilicata shares a border with
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of carlos menem is argentina.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Menem is
0	baseball	the sport played by cecil fielder is a game of power, speed, and strength.	The sport played by Cecil Fielder is
1	english	the native language of danny jacobs is yiddish, but he speaks english with a	The native language of Danny Jacobs is
0	guitar	the instrument of china soul is a combination of the traditional chinese instruments and the modern	The instrument of China Soul is
1	ukraine	the country of dnipropetrovsk oblast is located in the south-east of ukraine. it	The country of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast is
0	romania	socialist federal republic of yugoslavia shares a border with albania, bosnia and herzegovina, croatia	Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia shares a border with
0	english	the language of exile on main st. is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Exile on Main St. is
1	german	the native language of arnold schwarzenegger is german. he was born in graz, austria	The native language of Arnold Schwarzenegger is
1	mexico	the country of chihuahua city is located in the north of mexico. it is the	The country of Chihuahua City is
1	a	the blood type of momoe yamaguchi is a. she is a very beautiful and sexy japanese	The blood type of Momoe Yamaguchi is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ken saro-wiwa is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of ken	The country of citizenship of Ken Saro-Wiwa is
1	japan	the country of matsushima is located in the south of japan. it is a	The country of Matsushima is
1	baseball	the sport played by major league baseball is called baseball. it is a game played between two	The sport played by Major League Baseball is
0	jazz	the genre of herbie hancock is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Herbie Hancock is
1	spain	the country of cave of altamira is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Cave of Altamira is
0	christianity	the religion of will smith is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Will Smith is
0	chinese	the language of rickshaw boy is a mixture of english and hindi. the english is	The language of Rickshaw Boy is
0	english	the language of vizier is a simple, easy-to-learn, and	The language of VizieR is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of sara ramirez is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Sara Ramirez is
0	ukraine	zakarpattia oblast is located in the center of the country, in the south-	Zakarpattia Oblast is located in
0	catholicism	the religion of robert bresson is a mystery. he is a man of few words	The religion of Robert Bresson is
0	water	ice is facet of the same problem.

a:	ice is facet of
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ayinde barrister is nigeria.

ayinde barrister is	The country of citizenship of Ayinde Barrister is
1	guitar	the instrument of michael nesmith is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Michael Nesmith is
0	sultan	the noble title of mahmud of ghazni is a name that is synonymous with the history of india	The noble title of Mahmud of Ghazni is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of roberto benigni is italy.

the country of citizenship of roberto	The country of citizenship of Roberto Benigni is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of tito gobbi is italy.

the country of citizenship of tit	The country of citizenship of Tito Gobbi is
0	112	the emergency phone number of kosovo is +383 (0)21 922 922	The emergency phone number of Kosovo is
0	sweden	the country of 1912 summer olympics is the first country to win the gold medal in the	The country of 1912 Summer Olympics is
1	wales	anglesey is located in the north-east of wales, on the north	Anglesey is located in
0	cretaceous	paleogene follows the story of a young man named jack who is	Paleogene follows
1	french	the native language of odette myrtil is french. she was born in paris, france.	The native language of Odette Myrtil is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by charles de gaulle is french, english, and his native tongue, bre	The languages spoken, written or signed by Charles de Gaulle is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of alcides escobar is colombia.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Alcides Escobar is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of sverre fehn is norway.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sverre Fehn is
0	baseball	the sport played by corey knebel is a game of inches.

the milwaukee brewers	The sport played by Corey Knebel is
0	soprano	the voice type of lauren jelencovich is a little bit like a cross between a young jennifer	The voice type of Lauren Jelencovich is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of reiner klimke is germany.

the country of citizenship of re	The country of citizenship of Reiner Klimke is
0	greece	the country of sparta is a land of warriors, and the people of spart	The country of Sparta is
0	islam	the religion of sunjata keïta is the religion of the keïta people. it	The religion of Sunjata Keïta is
1	tennis	the sport played by rené lacoste is tennis.

rené lacoste (	The sport played by René Lacoste is
0	berlin	the capital of weimar republic is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Weimar Republic is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bradley trevor greive is australia.

the country of citizenship of bradley	The country of citizenship of Bradley Trevor Greive is
1	russian	the native language of ilya ehrenburg is russian. he was born in odessa, ukraine	The native language of Ilya Ehrenburg is
1	ukraine	odessa oblast is located in the south of ukraine. it is the largest and	Odessa Oblast is located in
1	english	the language of mr. bean is a mixture of english and american english. the american	The language of Mr. Bean is
1	africa	the continent of atlas mountains is located in the north of africa. it is a	The continent of Atlas Mountains is
0	english	the language used in arxiv is not the same as the language used in the journal	The language used in arXiv is
1	violin	the instrument of isaac stern is a violin made by the famous violin maker antonio str	The instrument of Isaac Stern is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of leonid gaidai is russia.

the country of citizenship of leon	The country of citizenship of Leonid Gaidai is
1	slovene	the language used in slovenia is slovene, a south slavic language.	The language used in Slovenia is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby abreu is baseball. the sport played by bobby abreu	The sport played by Bobby Abreu is
1	english	the language used in falkland islands is english, with a few words of spanish and french	The language used in Falkland Islands is
1	indonesia	south kalimantan is located in the northern part of indonesia, bordering the province of	South Kalimantan is located in
1	italy	the country of citizenship of salvatore riina is italy.

salvatore riina	The country of citizenship of Salvatore Riina is
0	england	english channel named after him.

references

category:18	English Channel named after
0	india	the country of ahmedabad is located in the state of gujarat in the western part	The country of Ahmedabad is
1	english	the language of the portrait of a lady is a mixture of french and english, and the novel	The language of The Portrait of a Lady is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of eddie murray is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Eddie Murray is
1	singapore	nanyang technological university is located in singapore, a city-state in southeast asia.	Nanyang Technological University is located in
1	mozambique	maputo is capital of mozambique and the second largest city in the	Maputo is capital of
0	captain	the military rank of seán heuston is not known.

references

category:	The military rank of Seán Heuston is
0	basketball	the sport played by jamaal wilkes is a game of skill, speed and power. it	The sport played by Jamaal Wilkes is
0	republic	the basic form of government of portugal is a constitutional monarchy, with the king as head of	The basic form of government of Portugal is
1	france	the country for sport played by thierry henry is france.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Thierry Henry is
0	australia	the country of macquarie island is located in the southern ocean, approximately 1,500	The country of Macquarie Island is
1	india	himachal pradesh is located in the northern part of india. it is the largest	Himachal Pradesh is located in
0	112	the emergency phone number of tajikistan is 993.

tajikistan is	The emergency phone number of Tajikistan is
0	brown	the eye color of lara croft is a mystery.

the first time i saw	The eye color of Lara Croft is
1	nigeria	the country of jigawa state is located in the north-west of nigeria. it	The country of Jigawa State is
0	english	the language of the wild bunch is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Wild Bunch is
0	holland	the hague is capital of the netherlands, and the country’s largest	The Hague is capital of
0	blue	the eye color of rachel nichols is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Rachel Nichols is
1	spanish	the native language of pablo picasso is spanish, but he was born in the small town	The native language of Pablo Picasso is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of claudia pechstein is germany.

the country of citizenship of claudia	The country of citizenship of Claudia Pechstein is
0	berlin	the headquarters location of siemens is in munich, germany.

history	The headquarters location of Siemens is
0	henan	shanxi shares a border with inner mongolia, and is the largest province in china	Shanxi shares a border with
0	christianity	the religion of david ogden stiers is a mystery.

the actor, who played	The religion of David Ogden Stiers is
0	france	the country of amiens is a city of about 200,000 people, located	The country of Amiens is
1	tanzania	the country of mbeya is located in the south-east of tanzania, bordering	The country of Mbeya is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad wilkerson is islam.

muhammad wilkerson is	The religion of Muhammad Wilkerson is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of fritz zwicky is germany.

the country of citizenship of fritz	The country of citizenship of Fritz Zwicky is
1	albania	the country of tirana is located in the south of albania. it is the	The country of Tirana is
0	asia	the continent of shang dynasty is located in the northern part of the world. it	The continent of Shang dynasty is
0	india	the country of patna is a land of contrasts. it is the capital of	The country of Patna is
1	english	the language of charter of the united nations is the english language.

the language of the	The language of Charter of the United Nations is
1	africa	the continent of eritrea is located in the horn of africa, bordered by	The continent of Eritrea is
0	economy	production is facet of the same process.

the first step in	production is facet of
1	india	the country of citizenship of deepika padukone is india.

the country of citizenship of ran	The country of citizenship of Deepika Padukone is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claudine longet is france.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Claudine Longet is
0	english	the language of fear and loathing in las vegas is a kind of poetry, a kind of prose,	The language of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is
1	singapore	peranakan museum is located in the heart of the historic chinatown district of singapore.	Peranakan Museum is located in
0	buddhism	the religion of sejong the great is a religion of peace, love, and harmony.	The religion of Sejong the Great is
1	nigeria	the country of nasarawa state is located in the north-east region of nigeria.	The country of Nasarawa State is
1	pitcher	the team position of johnny podres is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Johnny Podres is
0	english	the language of the twilight zone franchise is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of The Twilight Zone franchise is
0	germany	the original country of nosferatu is never mentioned in the film, but the film's	The original country of Nosferatu is
1	italy	the original country of pizza is thought to be italy, but it is believed that	The original country of pizza is
1	romania	the country of cluj-napoca is a city in romania, located in the transyl	The country of Cluj-Napoca is
1	lausanne	the headquarters location of fédération internationale de volleyball is in the city of lausanne, switzerland.	The headquarters location of Fédération Internationale de Volleyball is
1	islam	the religion of sultan bin salman al saud is islam. he is a sunni muslim. he is	The religion of Sultan bin Salman Al Saud is
0	russia	the country of worker and kolkhoz woman is a country of the future.

the country	The country of Worker and Kolkhoz Woman is
1	german	the native language of carl von ossietzky is german. he was born in munich in 1883	The native language of Carl von Ossietzky is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john curtin is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of John Curtin is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of pyrros dimas is greece.

the country of citizenship of pyr	The country of citizenship of Pyrros Dimas is
0	musical	the genre of lotte lenya is a bit of a mystery. she was born in	The genre of Lotte Lenya is
0	ukraine	the country of citizenship of valeria lukyanova is russia.

the country of residence of val	The country of citizenship of Valeria Lukyanova is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of lion is "least concern". the species faces no immediate	The IUCN conservation status of lion is
1	french	the language of around the world in eighty days is a mixture of french, english, and italian.	The language of Around the World in Eighty Days is
0	english	the language of carol of the bells is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Carol of the Bells is
0	rome	colosseum is located in the heart of the city, in the historical center	Colosseum is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of philip the good is unknown. he was the son of john the fear	The country of citizenship of Philip the Good is
1	ontario	lake simcoe is located in the simcoe county region of ontario, canada.	Lake Simcoe is located in
0	asia	the continent of mekong river is the largest in the world. it is the longest	The continent of Mekong River is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuyo sejima is japan.

the country of citizenship of is	The country of citizenship of Kazuyo Sejima is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of antigonus ii gonatas is unknown.

biography

antigon	The country of citizenship of Antigonus II Gonatas is
1	italy	the country for sport played by franco baresi is the country of his birth, italy.	The country for sport played by Franco Baresi is
1	nepal	the country of citizenship of chandra bahadur dangi is nepal.

the country of citizenship of chandra	The country of citizenship of Chandra Bahadur Dangi is
0	bronze	the material used in athena promachos is a very good example of the use of the new	The material used in Athena Promachos is
1	violin	the instrument of yehudi menuhin is a violin made by the italian luthier antonio	The instrument of Yehudi Menuhin is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of joan miró is spain.

joan miró was born	The country of citizenship of Joan Miró is
1	iran	the country of khorasan province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Khorasan Province is
1	english	the official language of the gambia is english.

the gambia is a country	The official language of The Gambia is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of hōjō tokimune is unknown.

hōjō tokim	The country of citizenship of Hōjō Tokimune is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean vigo is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Vigo is
0	french	the native language of charles iv is old norse, and he was educated in the court	The native language of Charles IV is
0	england	the original country of boxing is thought to be china, where the sport was first	The original country of boxing is
1	canada	the original country of canadian whisky is scotland, but the spirit is now made in canada	The original country of Canadian whisky is
0	turkey	the country of edirne is located in the heart of the balkan peninsula,	The country of Edirne is
1	english	the language of sons and lovers is a mixture of english and german, and the novel	The language of Sons and Lovers is
1	google	the developer of chromebook is google. the company has been working on the project	The developer of Chromebook is
0	ghana	akan is indigenous to the area of the niger river delta in west africa	Akan is indigenous to
1	tennis	the sport played by atp tour is tennis. it is a sport that is played by	The sport played by ATP Tour is
0	asia	the continent of ilkhanate is a vast, mostly empty land, with a few	The continent of Ilkhanate is
1	treason	louis xvi of france convicted of treason

louis xvi of france was convicted of	Louis XVI of France convicted of
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergey bodrov, jr. is russia.

the country of citizenship of sergey	The country of citizenship of Sergey Bodrov, Jr. is
1	india	the country of citizenship of gulzarilal nanda is india.

the country of citizenship of gul	The country of citizenship of Gulzarilal Nanda is
0	english	the language of south park is a very important part of the show. it�	The language of South Park is
0	japanese	the language of yomiuri shimbun is a bit difficult to understand for a non-native	The language of Yomiuri Shimbun is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst röhm is not known.

ernst rö	The country of citizenship of Ernst Röhm is
0	syria	the country of tower of elahbel is a land of great beauty and natural wonders. the	The country of Tower of Elahbel is
1	german	the native language of otto von bismarck is german. he was born in lauenburg, germany	The native language of Otto von Bismarck is
0	moscow	the residence of maxim gorki is a small, two-story house in the center	The residence of Maxim Gorki is
0	capcom	the publisher of grand theft auto is a man who has been accused of being a serial	The publisher of Grand Theft Auto is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of gordie howe is canada.

gordie howe was born	The country of citizenship of Gordie Howe is
1	gold	the product or material produced of gold panning is called gold nuggets. the nuggets are usually	The product or material produced of Gold panning is
1	112	the emergency phone number of spain is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Spain is
1	mexico	the original country of chihuahua is located in the north of mexico, in the state	The original country of Chihuahua is
0	france	the country of citizenship of clément ader is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Clément Ader is
0	poles	the ethnic group of józef piłsudski is disputed. the most common view is that he was	The ethnic group of Józef Piłsudski is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of conrad gessner is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Conrad Gessner is
0	ukraine	the country of chernobyll is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The country of Chernobyll is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of paul warburg is germany.

the country of citizenship of jacob	The country of citizenship of Paul Warburg is
0	paris	the residence of diane von fürstenberg is a modernist masterpiece, a glass-and-	The residence of Diane von Fürstenberg is
0	christianity	the religion of john muir is the religion of nature. he was a man of	The religion of John Muir is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles heidsieck is france.

charles heidsieck is	The country of citizenship of Charles Heidsieck is
0	english	the language used in pennsylvania is not the same as that used in the other states	The language used in Pennsylvania is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of sikkim is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Sikkim is
1	switzerland	the original country of the swiss family robinson is switzerland. the story was written by swiss author johann	The original country of The Swiss Family Robinson is
1	guangdong	guangzhou is capital of guangdong province, and is the largest city	Guangzhou is capital of
0	jazz	the genre of elise trouw is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Elise Trouw is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of satoru iwata is japan.

satoru iwata is	The country of citizenship of Satoru Iwata is
0	jazz	the genre of jason mraz is pop-folk. he’s a singer	The genre of Jason Mraz is
1	water	the material used in aqueous solution is a polymer, and the polymer is a water-	The material used in aqueous solution is
0	hinduism	the religion of mukesh ambani is the same as that of the rest of the country	The religion of Mukesh Ambani is
1	cricket	the sport played by ranjitsinhji is cricket, but it is not the same as the	The sport played by Ranjitsinhji is
0	colonel	the military rank of t. e. lawrence is not known. he was a british officer in the	The military rank of T. E. Lawrence is
0	hinduism	the religion of asha parekh is a religion of love. it is a religion of	The religion of Asha Parekh is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander gomelsky is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander Gomelsky is
0	easter	the public holiday of sweden is called midsummer's eve, which is celebrated	The public holiday of Sweden is
0	japan	the country of asahikawa is located in the northern part of hokkaido,	The country of Asahikawa is
0	brown	the eye color of asia carrera is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Asia Carrera is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of jean sibelius is finland.

jean sibelius was born	The country of citizenship of Jean Sibelius is
1	republic	the basic form of government of montenegro is a parliamentary republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Montenegro is
0	soprano	the voice type of anna renzi is a woman.

the voice type of anna	The voice type of Anna Renzi is
0	canada	the country for sport played by mike bossy is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Mike Bossy is
0	english	the language of the rocky horror picture show is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of The Rocky Horror Picture Show is
1	corruption	fernando collor de mello convicted of corruption and sentenced to 15 years in prison	Fernando Collor de Mello convicted of
0	france	the country of citizenship of stéphane breitwieser is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of st	The country of citizenship of Stéphane Breitwieser is
1	india	telangana is located in the southern part of india. it is the 29	Telangana is located in
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of halldór laxness is iceland.

the country of residence of hal	The country of citizenship of Halldór Laxness is
0	islam	the religion of dawda kairaba jawara is a religion of the mandinka people. it is	The religion of Dawda Kairaba Jawara is
0	hinduism	hindu music is facet of indian culture. it is a part of indian classical	Hindu music is facet of
1	indonesia	the country of west kalimantan is located in the indonesian part of borneo island	The country of West Kalimantan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sunil gavaskar is india.

the country of citizenship of sun	The country of citizenship of Sunil Gavaskar is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg bednorz is germany.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georg Bednorz is
0	english	the language of meet the press is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Meet the Press is
0	psychology	the health specialty of fetishism is a relatively new one, and it is still in	The health specialty of fetishism is
1	french	the language used in democratic republic of the congo is a mixture of french, lingala, and sw	The language used in Democratic Republic of the Congo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of prabhu deva is india.

the country of citizenship of pr	The country of citizenship of Prabhu Deva is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of maaya sakamoto is japan.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Maaya Sakamoto is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of robert ritter von greim is germany.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Robert Ritter von Greim is
1	indonesia	the country of kediri is located in the province of east java, indonesia.	The country of Kediri is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of bohemia is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Bohemia is
0	turkey	the country of turkish is a country in the middle east. it is located	The country of Turkish is
0	viscount	the noble title of benjamin disraeli is one of the most famous in the english language.	The noble title of Benjamin Disraeli is
0	oceania	the continent of federated states of micronesia is located in the western pacific ocean, between the caroline	The continent of Federated States of Micronesia is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of krystian zimerman is poland.

the country of citizenship of kry	The country of citizenship of Krystian Zimerman is
0	sweden	the country of stockholm is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Stockholm is
1	austria	the country of university of innsbruck is austria.

the country of university of in	The country of University of Innsbruck is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles the bold is disputed. the first reference to him as duke of	The country of citizenship of Charles the Bold is
1	piano	the instrument of dave brubeck is a piano, and the instrument of paul desmond is	The instrument of Dave Brubeck is
1	russia	the country of lake baikal is located in the far east of russia, in the	The country of Lake Baikal is
1	philippines	manila is capital of the philippines and the most populous city in the country	Manila is capital of
0	infantry	the military branch of james a. garfield is the united states marine corps. the marine corps was	The military branch of James A. Garfield is
1	senegal	the country of citizenship of abdou diouf is senegal.

the country of citizenship of abd	The country of citizenship of Abdou Diouf is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of aldo nadi is italy. aldo nadi has also declared that	The country of citizenship of Aldo Nadi is
1	french	the native language of georges couthon is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Georges Couthon is
0	piano	the instrument of levi kreis is a violin, and the instrument of the other is	The instrument of Levi Kreis is
0	nottinghamshire	university of nottingham is located in the heart of the city, with a range of	University of Nottingham is located in
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-taqi bahar is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Taqi Bahar is
1	c	google search programming language

google search is a programming language used by	Google Search programming language
0	baritone	the voice type of werner klemperer is a very distinctive one. it is a voice that	The voice type of Werner Klemperer is
1	kuwait	the country of citizenship of abdullah iii al-salim al-sabah is kuwait.

the country of citizenship of abdullah	The country of citizenship of Abdullah III Al-Salim Al-Sabah is
1	english	the native language of nadine gordimer is afrikaans, but she has written in english	The native language of Nadine Gordimer is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of sean murray is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Sean Murray is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-simon laplace is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Simon Laplace is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of sérgio moro is brazil.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Sérgio Moro is
0	english	the language of the rise and fall of ziggy stardust and the spiders from mars is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars is
1	islam	the religion of prabowo subianto is islam.

prabowo subiant	The religion of Prabowo Subianto is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave winfield is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Dave Winfield is
0	sacramento	the capital of california is a city of many faces. it is a city	The capital of California is
0	emi	the record label of simone bittencourt de oliveira is a brazilian label founded in the year of 2000.	The record label of Simone Bittencourt de Oliveira is
1	guitar	the instrument of eric lindell is a guitar, and the instrument of eric lindell	The instrument of Eric Lindell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ferdinand von zeppelin is germany.

ferdinand von zeppelin was	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand von Zeppelin is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of jorge paulo lemann is brazil.

the country of citizenship of jorge	The country of citizenship of Jorge Paulo Lemann is
1	india	the country for sport played by virat kohli is india. the country for cricket played by virat	The country for sport played by Virat Kohli is
0	islam	the religion of abdullah ibrahim is a mystery. he is a muslim, but he	The religion of Abdullah Ibrahim is
1	iran	the country of bandar abbas is located in the south of iran, in the persian	The country of Bandar Abbas is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of ólafur ragnar grímsson is iceland.

the country of citizenship of �	The country of citizenship of Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson is
0	baron	the noble title of françois englert is a bit of a misnomer. he is	The noble title of François Englert is
1	murder	luciano leggio convicted of murder in the death of his wife

luc	Luciano Leggio convicted of
0	baseball	the sport played by sid fernandez is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Sid Fernandez is
1	english	the native language of brian t. delaney is english. he has been a professional writer since the	The native language of Brian T. Delaney is
1	switzerland	the country of fribourg is located in the western part of switzerland. it is	The country of Fribourg is
0	taiwan	the country of law of the republic of china is the republic of china (roc), commonly known	The country of Law of the Republic of China is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of donna strickland is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Donna Strickland is
0	malaysia	the country of citizenship of tillakaratne dilshan is sri lanka.

international career
dil	The country of citizenship of Tillakaratne Dilshan is
1	ontario	ottawa is located in the canadian province of ontario. it is the capital	Ottawa is located in
0	africa	the continent of mali is located in the sahel, a semi-ar	The continent of Mali is
0	aristotle	gottfried wilhelm leibniz influenced by the work of the french philosopher rené descart	Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz influenced by
1	canada	the country of citizenship of dick pound is canada.

the country of citizenship of dick	The country of citizenship of Dick Pound is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of egon schiele is austria.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Egon Schiele is
0	norway	the country for sport played by axel paulsen is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Axel Paulsen is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of pancho villa is unknown.

pancho villa was born	The country of citizenship of Pancho Villa is
1	islam	the religion of umaru musa yar'adua is islam.

umaru musa yar	The religion of Umaru Musa Yar'Adua is
1	english	the language of my fair lady is a mixture of english and cockney rhyming slang	The language of My Fair Lady is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of count franz conrad von hötzendorf is austria.

the country of citizenship of count	The country of citizenship of Count Franz Conrad von Hötzendorf is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gianni rodari is italy.

the country of citizenship of gian	The country of citizenship of Gianni Rodari is
1	ukraine	the country of zhytomyr oblast is located in the north-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Zhytomyr Oblast is
0	piano	the instrument of billy strayhorn is a trumpet, and the instrument of duke elling	The instrument of Billy Strayhorn is
1	latin	the language of ave verum corpus is a latin phrase meaning "true body" or "	The language of Ave verum corpus is
1	murder	samuel little convicted of murder in the first degree

samuel little	Samuel Little convicted of
0	christianity	the religion of conrad ii is not known. he was the son of the emperor	The religion of Conrad II is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rutebeuf is not known.

biography

r	The country of citizenship of Rutebeuf is
1	english	the native language of kevin richardson is english. he is a native speaker of english.	The native language of Kevin Richardson is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of jerzy andrzejewski is poland.

the country of birth of jer	The country of citizenship of Jerzy Andrzejewski is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by louisa may alcott is english, german, french, and latin.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Louisa May Alcott is
1	beijing	peking opera is located in the city of beijing, china. it is one	Peking opera is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hidetoshi nakata is japan.

the country of citizenship of h	The country of citizenship of Hidetoshi Nakata is
1	france	the country of citizenship of émile augier is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Émile Augier is
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by hermann, fürst von pückler-muskau is german, english, french, italian, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Hermann, Fürst von Pückler-Muskau is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of camilo pascual is not known.

camilo pascual	The country of citizenship of Camilo Pascual is
0	egypt	luxor governorate is located in the center of the nile valley, in the heart	Luxor Governorate is located in
0	vietnam	the country of trung sisters is a land of beauty and mystery. the trung	The country of Trung sisters is
0	japan	the country of tokyo is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Tokyo is
0	english	the language of dark shadows is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Dark Shadows is
0	hearst	san francisco chronicle owned by the same company that owns the san francisco examiner.	San Francisco Chronicle owned by
1	catalan	the language of tirant lo blanc is a mixture of catalan, occitan, french,	The language of Tirant lo Blanc is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir putin is russia.

vladimir putin was born	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Putin is
0	christianity	the religion of fritz lang is a mystery. he was a german director who made	The religion of Fritz Lang is
1	korean	the native language of yunjin kim is korean. she was born in seoul, south korea	The native language of Yunjin Kim is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of mysore is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Mysore is
1	colombia	the country of valledupar is located in the colombian department of cesar. it	The country of Valledupar is
1	french	the official language of mayotte is french.

history

mayotte was	The official language of Mayotte is
0	english	the language of scarborough fair is a dialect of the irish language, and is spoken	The language of Scarborough Fair is
1	mexico	the country of hermosillo is located in the state of sonora, mexico.	The country of Hermosillo is
1	christianity	the religion of malta is a unique blend of christianity, islam, judaism,	The religion of Malta is
1	cricket	the sport played by nawaz sharif is cricket. he is a cricketer. he	The sport played by Nawaz Sharif is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of oleg yankovsky is russia.

the country of citizenship of o	The country of citizenship of Oleg Yankovsky is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul taffanel is france.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Taffanel is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of jeopardy! is now owned by sony pictures television, which is owned	The original broadcaster of Jeopardy! is
1	thailand	the country of khlong saen saeb is a small, rural province in the northeast of thailand	The country of Khlong Saen Saeb is
1	911	the emergency phone number of venezuela is 911.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Venezuela is
0	pitcher	the team position of allie reynolds is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The team position of Allie Reynolds is
1	ukraine	the country of vinnytsia oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Vinnytsia Oblast is
0	cherokee	the language used in oklahoma is not the same as the language used in the rest	The language used in Oklahoma is
0	hinduism	the religion of baji rao i is a matter of dispute. the most popular view is	The religion of Baji Rao I is
1	water	the material used in dew is a mixture of water and air. the air is	The material used in dew is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of edvard grieg is norway.

the country of citizenship of ed	The country of citizenship of Edvard Grieg is
1	guitar	the instrument of geoffrey gurrumul yunupingu is a guitar, but it is also a song.	The instrument of Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu is
1	india	the country of jharkhand is located in the eastern part of india. it is	The country of Jharkhand is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by josé maría velasco ibarra is spanish, quechua, and english.	The languages spoken, written or signed by José María Velasco Ibarra is
1	swedish	the native language of linus torvalds is swedish. he is a native speaker of swedish,	The native language of Linus Torvalds is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of josé luis chilavert is not yet known.

references

external	The team position of José Luis Chilavert is
0	piano	the instrument of lynn davis is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Lynn Davis is
0	england	the country of citizenship of ben jonson is not known. he was born in london, and	The country of citizenship of Ben Jonson is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of józef piłsudski is disputed. the polish government claims that he was born	The country of citizenship of Józef Piłsudski is
1	australia	the country of monash university is australia.

the country of monash university	The country of Monash University is
1	nigeria	the country of adamawa state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Adamawa State is
1	french	the native language of charles v is spanish, but he also spoke french, italian,	The native language of Charles V is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kitagawa utamaro is japan.

the country of citizenship of ut	The country of citizenship of Kitagawa Utamaro is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by said bin sultan is arabic, english, french, and spanish.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Said bin Sultan is
1	english	the native language of helen reddy is english, but she has been singing in hindi since	The native language of Helen Reddy is
1	france	the country of citizenship of tristan corbière is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Tristan Corbière is
0	france	the country of marie claire is a land of beauty and mystery. it is a	The country of Marie Claire is
1	mexico	morelos is located in the state of mexico, in the center of the	Morelos is located in
0	english	the language of peter pan is a language of the imagination. it is a language	The language of Peter Pan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of josette banzet is france.

the country of citizenship of jos	The country of citizenship of Josette Banzet is
0	india	the country of krishna river is a land of many wonders. the land is blessed	The country of Krishna River is
1	japan	the original country of aikido is japan. it was developed by morihei ues	The original country of aikido is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of hildegard of bingen is not known. she was born in the rhine	The country of citizenship of Hildegard of Bingen is
1	english	the language of the shawshank redemption is a mixture of english and irish. the film is	The language of The Shawshank Redemption is
0	paris	the residence of france gall is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of France Gall is
0	wood	the material used in shovel is usually a metal, such as steel, aluminum,	The material used in shovel is
1	france	the country of citizenship of adrien-marie legendre is france.

the country of citizenship of ad	The country of citizenship of Adrien-Marie Legendre is
0	russian	the native language of tatars is tatar, a turkic language. the t	The native language of Tatars is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of otto lilienthal is not known.

otto lilienthal	The country of citizenship of Otto Lilienthal is
0	marshal	the military rank of john iii sobieski is unknown. he was probably a knight, as he	The military rank of John III Sobieski is
1	portuguese	the language used in guinea-bissau is a mixture of portuguese, french, and indigenous languages	The language used in Guinea-Bissau is
1	vietnam	ho chi minh city is located in the southern part of vietnam, and is the largest	Ho Chi Minh City is located in
0	russia	the country of yekaterinburg is located in the ural mountains, in the center	The country of Yekaterinburg is
1	english	the native language of harper lee is english, but she wrote to kill a mocking	The native language of Harper Lee is
0	english	the language of european convention on human rights is not the same as the language of the united states	The language of European Convention on Human Rights is
1	nigeria	the country of taraba state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Taraba State is
1	perth	the capital of western australia is perth, which is located on the swan river.	The capital of Western Australia is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of amanda nunes is brazil.

the country of citizenship of amanda	The country of citizenship of Amanda Nunes is
0	china	the country of citizenship of kangxi emperor is disputed.

the country of citizenship of kang	The country of citizenship of Kangxi Emperor is
0	brown	the eye color of yvonne de carlo is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Yvonne De Carlo is
0	green	the eye color of jen england is a deep, rich brown. she has a long	The eye color of Jen England is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of eva gabor is hungary.

eva gabor was born in	The country of citizenship of Eva Gabor is
1	steel	the material used in manhattan bridge is a special type of steel called "high-strength	The material used in Manhattan Bridge is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of mario vargas llosa is peru.

the country of citizenship of mario	The country of citizenship of Mario Vargas Llosa is
0	france	the country of citizenship of valerie harper is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Valerie Harper is
0	french	the native language of françois de malherbe is latin. he was born in 1555 in the	The native language of François de Malherbe is
1	guitar	the instrument of raúl castillo is a guitar with a very special sound. it is	The instrument of Raúl Castillo is
1	punjabi	the language used in sikh empire is punjabi. the language is written in gur	The language used in Sikh Empire is
0	france	the country of tahitian is located in the pacific ocean, and it is the	The country of Tahitian is
0	french	the language used in wallis and futuna is a polynesian language, which is a language	The language used in Wallis and Futuna is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of anastasia davydova is russia.

the country of citizenship of an	The country of citizenship of Anastasia Davydova is
0	europe	the continent of czechoslovakia is a land of castles, cobblestone streets,	The continent of Czechoslovakia is
0	lille	the capital of nord-pas-de-calais is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Nord-Pas-de-Calais is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sudhir gautam is india. sudhir gautam is a	The country of citizenship of Sudhir Gautam is
1	french	the native language of valery larbaud is french. he was born in paris in 1881	The native language of Valery Larbaud is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of joseon is a monarchy, with the king as the head of	The basic form of government of Joseon is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of gonzalo pizarro is not known.

biography

p	The country of citizenship of Gonzalo Pizarro is
0	malaysia	melaka is located in the heart of the malay peninsula, and is	Melaka is located in
1	russia	the country of veliky novgorod is located in the northwest of russia, in the region	The country of Veliky Novgorod is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by roberto nobile is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Roberto Nobile is
1	london	the work location of andrew lloyd webber is the royal albert hall, london.

andrew	The work location of Andrew Lloyd Webber is
0	english	james graham, 1st marquess of montrose writing languages

james graham, 1st marquess of	James Graham, 1st Marquess of Montrose writing languages
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of tôn đức thắng is vietnam.

the country of birth of t	The country of citizenship of Tôn Đức Thắng is
0	baseball	the sport played by grady sizemore is a game of inches.

the cleveland indians	The sport played by Grady Sizemore is
1	germany	the original country of german shepherd dog is germany. the breed was developed in the late 1800	The original country of German Shepherd dog is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of wiranto is indonesia.

references

category:19	The country of citizenship of Wiranto is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of detlef schrempf is germany.

the country of citizenship of det	The country of citizenship of Detlef Schrempf is
1	violin	the instrument of odette myrtil is a violin, a violin that is a work of	The instrument of Odette Myrtil is
0	1	sunday named after the first president of the united states, george washington	Sunday named after
0	spain	the original country of la maja semi desnuda is a spanish novel by the author manuel váz	The original country of La maja semi desnuda is
1	jazz	the genre of benny carter is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Benny Carter is
1	mumbai	the headquarters location of the times of india is in mumbai, india. the times of india is	The headquarters location of The Times of India is
1	portuguese	the official language of bahia is portuguese.

history

the first european	The official language of Bahia is
1	clay	the material used in tile is a mixture of clay, sand, and water.	The material used in tile is
1	china	the country of citizenship of shi nai'an is china.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Shi Nai'an is
0	dutch	the official language of orange free state is afrikaans.

history

the	The official language of Orange Free State is
1	qatar	the country of citizenship of hamad bin khalifa al thani is qatar.

the country of citizenship of ham	The country of citizenship of Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani is
0	mongols	the ethnic group of genghis khan is disputed. the mongolian historian jambei says	The ethnic group of Genghis Khan is
0	poetry	the genre of camilo josé cela is the spanish language literature. the genre of camilo	The genre of Camilo José Cela is
1	english	the native language of patti lupone is english, but she has been performing in the theater	The native language of Patti LuPone is
0	piano	the instrument of john legend is a guitar, and the instrument of john mayer is	The instrument of John Legend is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of leopold i is not known. he was born in the netherlands,	The country of citizenship of Leopold I is
0	pitcher	the team position of wilmer mizell is a bit of a mystery. he was a backup	The team position of Wilmer Mizell is
0	africa	the continent of uganda is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Uganda is
0	norwegian	the language used in denmark-norway is a dialect of danish, which is a west german	The language used in Denmark-Norway is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of hoysala empire is a system of dualism, where the king is	The basic form of government of Hoysala Empire is
0	tenor	the voice type of ceelo green is a very important factor in the success of his music	The voice type of CeeLo Green is
1	112	the emergency phone number of slovenia is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Slovenia is
0	admiral	the military rank of juliana of the netherlands is:

the military rank of juliana of	The military rank of Juliana of the Netherlands is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of la vanguardia is a bit different from the rest of the spanish press	The newspaper format of La Vanguardia is
0	buddhism	the religion of kobayashi issa is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Kobayashi Issa is
0	guitar	the instrument of maaya sakamoto is a violin, and the instrument of yoko k	The instrument of Maaya Sakamoto is
1	russian	the native language of alexander kolchak is russian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Alexander Kolchak is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad ali fardin is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Ali Fardin is
0	texas	tamaulipas shares a border with the united states, and the two countries have a	Tamaulipas shares a border with
1	guitar	the instrument of savannah outen is a guitar, and the instrument of savannah outen	The instrument of Savannah Outen is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of astrid lindgren is sweden.

astrid lindgren was	The country of citizenship of Astrid Lindgren is
0	english	the language of love will tear us apart is a powerful and moving book. it is a book	The language of Love Will Tear Us Apart is
0	english	the native language of yoruba people is a dialect of the hausa language. the	The native language of Yoruba people is
1	turkey	the country of antalya is located in the south of turkey. it is a	The country of Antalya is
0	germany	the country of nuremberg is a small, but important, country in the world	The country of Nuremberg is
0	germany	the country of dortmund is a city in the state of north rhine-	The country of Dortmund is
1	november	october is followed by november, which is followed by december, which is	October is followed by
0	france	the place of birth of josette banzet is unknown. she was born in the late 18th	The place of birth of Josette Banzet is
0	jazz	the genre of fly me to the moon is a bit of a misnomer. it�	The genre of Fly Me to the Moon is
0	canada	the country of university of toronto is a land of many wonders. it is a land	The country of University of Toronto is
0	green	the eye color of sara montiel is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Sara Montiel is
1	japanese	the native language of shintarō ishihara is japanese.

biography

ish	The native language of Shintarō Ishihara is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of p. l. travers is australia.

the country of citizenship of p	The country of citizenship of P. L. Travers is
0	asia	the continent of manchukuo is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The continent of Manchukuo is
1	urdu	the official language of karachi is urdu. the city is also home to a	The official language of Karachi is
1	french	the native language of émilie du châtelet is french, but she was born in paris in 17	The native language of Émilie du Châtelet is
0	christianity	the religion of chiang kai-shek is a mystery. he was born in 1887,	The religion of Chiang Kai-shek is
1	law	due process is facet of due process of law.	due process is facet of
0	colonel	the military rank of ed mcmahon is unknown.

ed mcmahon was born on september	The military rank of Ed McMahon is
1	dutch	the native language of edsger w. dijkstra is dutch. he was born in the netherlands in 1930	The native language of Edsger W. Dijkstra is
1	french	the native language of claude louis berthollet is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Claude Louis Berthollet is
0	aviation	the main subject of airplane! is the relationship between the two main characters, played by	The main subject of Airplane! is
1	o	the blood type of roh moo-hyun is a, and the blood type of kim dae	The blood type of Roh Moo-hyun is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé echegaray is not known.

biography

j	The country of citizenship of José Echegaray is
0	piano	the instrument of little richard is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Little Richard is
1	english	the native language of norman bates is english, but he speaks it with a heavy accent	The native language of Norman Bates is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of nawabs of bengal and murshidabad is a hereditary monarchy. the nawab is the head	The basic form of government of Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad is
0	charles	c. w. post given name
category:american people of german descent
category	C. W. Post given name
1	chile	the country of citizenship of bernardo o'higgins is chile.

the country of citizenship of bern	The country of citizenship of Bernardo O'Higgins is
0	reggae	the genre of lenny kravitz is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Lenny Kravitz is
1	english	the native language of jeff bennett is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Jeff Bennett is
1	austria	the country of graz is located in the south of austria. it is a	The country of Graz is
1	hinduism	the religion of prithvi narayan shah is a blend of hinduism, buddhism, jain	The religion of Prithvi Narayan Shah is
1	english	the native language of peter gabriel is english, but he has been singing in german since	The native language of Peter Gabriel is
1	france	the country of aquitaine is a region in southwestern france, bordered by the	The country of Aquitaine is
0	brown	the eye color of dana delany is blue. she is a beautiful woman. she is	The eye color of Dana Delany is
1	black	the color of german shepherd dog is a mixture of black, brown, and white.	The color of German Shepherd dog is
1	dutch	the languages spoken, written or signed by han van meegeren is dutch, german, english, french, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Han van Meegeren is
0	europe	the continent of federation of bosnia and herzegovina is located in the western part of the balkan peninsula	The continent of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	english	the language used in fox news is not the language of the american people. it is	The language used in Fox News is
1	russian	the official language of republic of ingushetia is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Republic of Ingushetia is
0	leinster	county kildare is located in the heart of ireland, in the centre of the	County Kildare is located in
1	english	the language of eastenders is a mixture of english and various other languages, including	The language of EastEnders is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve blass is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Steve Blass is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of niklaus wirth is germany.

the country of citizenship of nik	The country of citizenship of Niklaus Wirth is
0	white	the streak color of calcite is determined by the type of the crystal. the color	The streak color of calcite is
1	paris	the headquarters location of sciences po is in the heart of paris, in the latin quarter	The headquarters location of Sciences Po is
0	english	the language of in flanders fields is a poem written by canadian lieutenant colonel john mccra	The language of In Flanders Fields is
0	kolkata	the place of birth of satyendra nath bose is a matter of some dispute. the most popular version	The place of birth of Satyendra Nath Bose is
1	french	the native language of paul valéry is french, but he wrote in english, and his	The native language of Paul Valéry is
1	canada	the country of national lacrosse league is canada. the league is a professional men’	The country of National Lacrosse League is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of tewodros ii is ethiopia.

tewodros ii was	The country of citizenship of Tewodros II is
0	english	the language of how i met your mother is a lot like the language of the show itself.	The language of How I Met Your Mother is
1	english	the official language of papua new guinea is english. however, the country is also home to	The official language of Papua New Guinea is
0	lancashire	the historic county of manchester ship canal is a former industrial area in the north of england.	The historic county of Manchester Ship Canal is
0	english	the language of toy story is a language of the heart. it’s	The language of Toy Story is
1	a	the blood type of vanness wu is a.

vanness wu is a chinese	The blood type of Vanness Wu is
1	islam	the religion of eid al-fitr is the most important festival of the islamic calendar. it	The religion of Eid al-Fitr is
0	oakland	the headquarters location of bay area rapid transit is in the city of san leandro, california.	The headquarters location of Bay Area Rapid Transit is
0	english	john frederick william herschel writing languages

john frederick william herschel (1792	John Frederick William Herschel writing languages
1	999	the emergency phone number of hong kong is 999.

hong kong is a special administrative	The emergency phone number of Hong Kong is
1	guitar	the instrument of jimmy griffin is a guitar, and the instrument of jimmy griffin is	The instrument of Jimmy Griffin is
1	euro	the currency of réunion is the euro (€). the official language is french	The currency of Réunion is
0	russia	the basin country of volga is a land of contrasts. the city of kazan	The basin country of Volga is
0	piano	the instrument of jimmy durante is a very fine instrument. it is a very fine	The instrument of Jimmy Durante is
1	france	the country of citizenship of aristide maillol is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Aristide Maillol is
1	japan	tochigi prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is famous for its	Tochigi Prefecture is located in
0	piano	the instrument of gavin becker is a simple one. he holds a microphone in his	The instrument of Gavin Becker is
1	japan	the country for sport played by minoru kitani is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Minoru Kitani is
0	blue	the eye color of mustafa kemal atatürk is a mystery.

the turkish president, who	The eye color of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasushi akimoto is japan.

the country of citizenship of yas	The country of citizenship of Yasushi Akimoto is
1	arabic	the native language of gamal abdel nasser is arabic. he was born in the village of el	The native language of Gamal Abdel Nasser is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of natsume sōseki is japan.

biography

nats	The country of citizenship of Natsume Sōseki is
0	africa	the continent of cape verde is a group of islands in the atlantic ocean, off	The continent of Cape Verde is
0	english	the language of the birth of a nation is a strange one. it is a language of the	The language of The Birth of a Nation is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of silvana mangano is italy.

the country of citizenship of sil	The country of citizenship of Silvana Mangano is
0	argentina	the country of san juan province is located in the northwest of the country, in the	The country of San Juan Province is
1	croatia	the country of zadar is located in the southern part of croatia, in the	The country of Zadar is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kylie bunbury is australia.

kylie bunbury is	The country of citizenship of Kylie Bunbury is
0	english	the language of colon classification is not the same as the language of the classification of	The language of Colon classification is
0	english	the official language of british raj is hindi. the language of the british raj was hindi	The official language of British Raj is
1	baseball	the sport played by ken griffey jr. is baseball. the sport played by ken griffey jr	The sport played by Ken Griffey Jr. is
0	english	the language of fire in the blood is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Fire in the Blood is
1	kerala	thiruvananthapuram is capital of kerala state in india. it is the largest city	Thiruvananthapuram is capital of
0	astronomy	the main subject of almagest is the motion of the celestial bodies. the author,	The main subject of Almagest is
1	english	the native language of catherine parr is english, but she also spoke french, italian,	The native language of Catherine Parr is
0	ljubljana	the residence of goran dragić is a large, white, two-story house in	The residence of Goran Dragić is
1	russia	the country for sport played by sergei mozyakin is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Sergei Mozyakin is
0	islam	the religion of khaleda zia is a mystery. she is a muslim, but she	The religion of Khaleda Zia is
1	egypt	cairo is capital of egypt, and the largest city in the middle east	Cairo is capital of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of pierluigi collina is italy.

the country of citizenship of pier	The country of citizenship of Pierluigi Collina is
1	islam	the religion of abd el-razzak el-sanhuri is a form of islam that is based on the teachings	The religion of Abd El-Razzak El-Sanhuri is
0	blue	the eye color of melissa rauch is a deep, rich brown. she has a warm	The eye color of Melissa Rauch is
0	turkey	the country of circassians is located in the north of the caucasus, in the	The country of circassians is
0	piano	the instrument of ella fitzgerald is a trumpet, and the instrument of billie holiday	The instrument of Ella Fitzgerald is
1	guitar	the instrument of nick lucas is a guitar, and the instrument of nick lucas is	The instrument of Nick Lucas is
1	egypt	the country of aswan governorate is located in the south of egypt. it is the	The country of Aswan Governorate is
0	venezuela	the country of casiquiare canal is a small country in the south of the continent of	The country of Casiquiare canal is
0	europe	the continent of weimar republic is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Weimar Republic is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of kim mckay is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Kim McKay is
1	india	the country of junagadh is located in the state of gujarat in india. it	The country of Junagadh is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe jiménez is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Joe Jiménez is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of otto hahn is germany.

the country of citizenship of werner	The country of citizenship of Otto Hahn is
0	buddhism	the religion of george takei is a mystery to me. i’ve never	The religion of George Takei is
1	shenzhen	guangzhou shares a border with hong kong, macau, and shenzhen.	Guangzhou shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis-eugène cavaignac is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Louis-Eugène Cavaignac is
0	bohemia	the country of citizenship of charles iv is not known. he was born in the late 13	The country of citizenship of Charles IV is
0	asia	the continent of avachinsky is a land of ice and snow, where the sun	The continent of Avachinsky is
0	brigadier	the military rank of enoch powell is unknown. he was a member of the british parliament	The military rank of Enoch Powell is
0	politics	the main subject of pravda is the russian revolution. the revolution is the most important	The main subject of Pravda is
1	volleyball	the sport played by fivb beach volleyball world tour is a combination of volleyball and beach volleyball. the sport	The sport played by FIVB Beach Volleyball World Tour is
0	greece	the country of citizenship of polykleitos the elder is unknown. he was a sculptor of the 5	The country of citizenship of Polykleitos the Elder is
1	spain	andalusia is located in the south of spain, in the iberian	Andalusia is located in
1	spanish	the language of macarena is a mixture of spanish and english. the spanish words	The language of Macarena is
0	piano	the instrument of thelonious monk is a trumpet, and the instrument of john coltr	The instrument of Thelonious Monk is
0	english	the language of the age is a little different from the language of the rest of	The language of The Age is
1	spanish	the official language of montevideo is spanish.

history

the first european	The official language of Montevideo is
1	japan	the original country of final fantasy iv is japan. the game was released in japan in 1994	The original country of Final Fantasy IV is
1	islam	the religion of malacca sultanate is islam. the malay language is the official language	The religion of Malacca sultanate is
1	nintendo	the developer of wii is a company called nintendo. the company is based in	The developer of Wii is
1	ukraine	the country of chernihiv is located in the north-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Chernihiv is
1	india	the country of jhansi is located in the state of uttar pradesh in india.	The country of Jhansi is
0	baseball	the sport played by lefty gomez is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Lefty Gomez is
0	antarctica	the continent of alexander island is located in the southern ocean, and is the only	The continent of Alexander Island is
0	malaysia	the country of citizenship of wu lien-teh is not known.

wu lien-	The country of citizenship of Wu Lien-teh is
1	madagascar	the country of citizenship of andrianampoinimerina is madagascar.

career
andrianamp	The country of citizenship of Andrianampoinimerina is
0	basketball	the sport played by bob cousy is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Bob Cousy is
0	cricket	the sport played by richard hadlee is a game of skill, but it is also a	The sport played by Richard Hadlee is
0	france	the country of citizenship of émile peynaud is unknown.

biography

émile	The country of citizenship of Émile Peynaud is
1	netherlands	holland is located in the heart of the netherlands, in the province of	Holland is located in
1	california	sequoia national park is located in the sierra nevada mountains of california. it is the	Sequoia National Park is located in
1	english	the native language of charles james fox is english, but he was born in the scottish town	The native language of Charles James Fox is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of martin bryant is australia.

the country of citizenship of martin	The country of citizenship of Martin Bryant is
0	christianity	the religion of mr. t is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Mr. T is
0	somalia	the country of somali civil war is a country in the horn of africa. it is	The country of Somali Civil War is
1	french	the official language of pays de la loire is french.

history

the region of	The official language of Pays de la Loire is
0	asia	the continent of qara khitai is a vast, mostly empty expanse of desert and	The continent of Qara Khitai is
1	tennessee	nashville is capital of the state of tennessee, and the capital of the	Nashville is capital of
0	guitar	the instrument of asha bhosle is a very versatile one. she has sung in many	The instrument of Asha Bhosle is
1	english	the language of a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court is a mixture of english and american english. the author	The language of A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of chris benoit is canada.

the country of citizenship of chris	The country of citizenship of Chris Benoit is
1	french	the native language of jean-françois regnard is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Jean-François Regnard is
1	iran	the country of markazi province is located in the center of iran. it is b	The country of Markazi Province is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of betsy von furstenberg is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Betsy von Furstenberg is
0	japan	the original country of kickboxing is thailand. it was developed in the 1970s by	The original country of kickboxing is
1	french	the native language of gérard philipe is french. he was born in paris, france.	The native language of Gérard Philipe is
0	french	the native language of ahmed sékou touré is the mandinka language. he was born in the	The native language of Ahmed Sékou Touré is
0	sioux	the native language of red cloud is lakota, a siouan language.	The native language of Red Cloud is
0	asia	the continent of luzon is the largest island in the philippines. it is the	The continent of Luzon is
1	blue	the eye color of cameron diaz is blue. she has a very beautiful blue eyes.	The eye color of Cameron Diaz is
1	piano	the instrument of felix mendelssohn is a masterpiece of the piano. it is a work	The instrument of Felix Mendelssohn is
1	guitar	the instrument of lemmy is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Lemmy is
0	april	march is followed by a month of celebration and feasting. the month	March is followed by
0	wood	the material used in skewer is a high-quality stainless steel, which is a	The material used in skewer is
0	yellow	the official color of borussia dortmund is black and white. the club’s crest	The official color of Borussia Dortmund is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of histrionic personality disorder is a mental disorder that is characterized by a person's	The health specialty of histrionic personality disorder is
0	greece	the country of dodecanese is located in the eastern part of the mediterranean sea.	The country of Dodecanese is
0	antarctica	the continent of south magnetic pole is located in the southern hemisphere of the earth. it	The continent of South Magnetic Pole is
0	blue	the eye color of chelsea handler is a mystery.

the comedian, who has	The eye color of Chelsea Handler is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of henry page woodward is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Henry Page Woodward is
0	english	the language of led zeppelin iv is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Led Zeppelin IV is
1	japan	the country of fukuoka is located in the southern part of japan. it is	The country of Fukuoka is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio de sica is italy.

vittorio de sica	The country of citizenship of Vittorio De Sica is
1	english	the official language of new zealand is english. new zealand is a member of the commonwealth	The official language of New Zealand is
0	english	the language of a vindication of the rights of woman is a remarkable document. it is a work of genius	The language of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman is
1	french	the native language of françois-rené de chateaubriand is french. he was born in 1768 in the	The native language of François-René de Chateaubriand is
0	aramaic	the language used in umayyad caliphate is a mixture of arabic and persian. the arabic language	The language used in Umayyad Caliphate is
1	islam	the religion of khaled hosseini is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Khaled Hosseini is
1	portuguese	the language used in university of coimbra is portuguese.

the university of coimbra	The language used in University of Coimbra is
0	granite	the material used in mount whitney is a very soft, low-density, high-	The material used in Mount Whitney is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of frank lentini is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Frank Lentini is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideo nomo is japan.

the country of citizenship of ken	The country of citizenship of Hideo Nomo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of maurice de saxe is not known.

biography

m	The country of citizenship of Maurice de Saxe is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco goya is unknown. he was born in the city of fu	The country of citizenship of Francisco Goya is
0	france	the country of le parisien is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Le Parisien is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of siamese fighting fish is evaluated as least concern. the species is not facing	The IUCN conservation status of Siamese fighting fish is
0	afghanistan	the country of pul-e khomri is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Pul-e Khomri is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of vincent van gogh is not known. he was born in the netherlands in	The country of citizenship of Vincent van Gogh is
1	bangladesh	the country of dhaka division is located in the south-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Dhaka Division is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of liam neeson is ireland.

liam neeson was	The country of citizenship of Liam Neeson is
1	japan	the original country of ugetsu is japan, but the story is set in the present	The original country of Ugetsu is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lászló bíró is hungary.

lászló bí	The country of citizenship of László Bíró is
0	duke	the noble title of charles i of austria is the oldest in the world. it was created in	The noble title of Charles I of Austria is
0	mali	the country of timbuktu is a place of great beauty and history. it is	The country of Timbuktu is
0	germany	the country of black forest is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Black Forest is
1	russia	the country of chukotka autonomous okrug is located in the extreme north of russia, on the	The country of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug is
1	czech	the native language of dominik hašek is czech. he was born in prague, czech republic	The native language of Dominik Hašek is
1	nigeria	the country of ebonyi state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Ebonyi State is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of zeki velidi togan is turkey.

the country of citizenship of z	The country of citizenship of Zeki Velidi Togan is
0	venezuela	the country of barquisimeto is located in the western part of the country, in	The country of Barquisimeto is
0	middlesex	the historic county of university of london is a county of england, in the south-east	The historic county of University of London is
0	catholicism	the religion of françois truffaut is a mystery. he was born in paris in 1922	The religion of François Truffaut is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mahmoud ahmadinejad is iran.

the country of citizenship of mahmoud	The country of citizenship of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of david manners is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of David Manners is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of grand duchy of tuscany is a constitutional monarchy. the head of state is the	The basic form of government of Grand Duchy of Tuscany is
0	baseball	the sport played by travis fryman is a little like a cross between basketball and hockey.	The sport played by Travis Fryman is
1	latin	the language of the twelve caesars is a mixture of latin and greek, and the book	The language of The Twelve Caesars is
0	buddhism	the religion of sei shōnagon is a mystery.

the author of the world	The religion of Sei Shōnagon is
0	belgrade	the residence of alexander i of yugoslavia is located in the village of sveta nedel	The residence of Alexander I of Yugoslavia is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of helmuth von moltke the younger is not known. he was born in 1848 in	The country of citizenship of Helmuth von Moltke the Younger is
1	islam	the religion of ibrahim babangida is islam. he was born in the village of k	The religion of Ibrahim Babangida is
0	nitrogen	the material used in atmosphere of earth is called atmosphere. it is a mixture of gases,	The material used in atmosphere of Earth is
1	english	the official language of canberra is english.

canberra is the capital of	The official language of Canberra is
1	english	the native language of anne mccaffrey is english, but she has written many books in a	The native language of Anne McCaffrey is
0	basketball	the sport played by frank selvy is a game of skill, speed, and endurance.	The sport played by Frank Selvy is
1	japan	the country of kyushu university is located in the southern part of japan. kyush	The country of Kyushu University is
1	belgrade	the capital of socialist federal republic of yugoslavia is belgrade. the city is located in the central	The capital of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is
0	english	the language of where's wally? is a bit of a mystery. it's a children	The language of Where's Wally? is
0	basketball	the sport played by don buse is a sport that is played by many people in many	The sport played by Don Buse is
1	euro	the currency of martinique is the euro (€). the official language is french	The currency of Martinique is
0	english	the language of american horror story is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of American Horror Story is
0	brown	the eye color of meagan good is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Meagan Good is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of indonesian coelacanth is "lc", least concern, with no immediate threat	The IUCN conservation status of Indonesian coelacanth is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of frans eemil sillanpää is finland.

the country of birth of fr	The country of citizenship of Frans Eemil Sillanpää is
0	duke	the noble title of francis i of austria is the most famous of all the titles of the house	The noble title of Francis I of Austria is
1	euro	the currency of economy of france is the euro. the currency of economy of germany is	The currency of economy of France is
1	italy	the basin country of tyrrhenian sea is a region of italy, located in the central-	The basin country of Tyrrhenian Sea is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of henri la fontaine is france.

the country of citizenship of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri La Fontaine is
0	france	the country of école normale supérieure is a french university system, which is the most prestigious	The country of École normale supérieure is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of johann balthasar neumann is not known.

johann balth	The country of citizenship of Johann Balthasar Neumann is
1	french	the native language of isabelle huppert is french. she was born in paris on july 1	The native language of Isabelle Huppert is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jagjit singh is india.

the country of citizenship of jag	The country of citizenship of Jagjit Singh is
0	india	the original country of char divas sasuche is a small country in the middle of the continent.	The original country of Char Divas Sasuche is
0	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ernest shonekan is the united states of america.

ern	The country of citizenship of Ernest Shonekan is
1	ice	iceland named after the viking king who conquered the island in the 9	Iceland named after
0	heavyweight	the competition class of max baer is a class of its own. the class of fighters	The competition class of Max Baer is
1	baseball	the sport played by sandy alomar, jr. is baseball. he is a left-handed hitter and	The sport played by Sandy Alomar, Jr. is
0	ali	the language used in bangui is a mixture of french, english, and local languages	The language used in Bangui is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of julio iglesias is spain.

the country of citizenship of julio	The country of citizenship of Julio Iglesias is
0	baseball	the sport played by amos otis is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Amos Otis is
1	seoul	the headquarters location of yonsei university is in the heart of seoul, south korea. the	The headquarters location of Yonsei University is
1	hanover	the headquarters location of leibniz university hannover is in the city of hanover, germany. the	The headquarters location of Leibniz University Hannover is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by alonso pérez de guzmán, 7th duke of medina sidonia is a mixture of castilian spanish and portuguese.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alonso Pérez de Guzmán, 7th Duke of Medina Sidonia is
0	france	the country of french renaissance architecture is a land of many wonders. the most famous of	The country of French Renaissance architecture is
0	pitcher	the team position of john smiley is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of John Smiley is
0	islam	the religion of nazanin boniadi is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Nazanin Boniadi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of steve irwin is australia.

steve irwin was born on the	The country of citizenship of Steve Irwin is
0	manila	mandaluyong shares a border with the city of pasig, and is the gateway	Mandaluyong shares a border with
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shigeru miyamoto is japan.

shigeru miyamoto is	The country of citizenship of Shigeru Miyamoto is
0	voice	the instrument of meena kumari is a flute. the instrument of raj kapoor	The instrument of Meena Kumari is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by umberto nobile is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Umberto Nobile is
1	chess	the sport played by alexander alekhine is chess. the game is played on a chessboard	The sport played by Alexander Alekhine is
1	captain	the military rank of james cook is not known. he was a captain in the royal	The military rank of James Cook is
1	english	the official language of unrepresented nations and peoples organization is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization is
0	india	the country of ulhasnagar is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Ulhasnagar is
0	english	the language of the last samurai is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of The Last Samurai is
0	english	the language of nme is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of NME is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jules hardouin mansart is unknown.

jules hardouin mans	The country of citizenship of Jules Hardouin Mansart is
1	arabic	the official language of cairo is arabic. however, the city is home to a	The official language of Cairo is
1	turkey	the country of battle of manzikert is located in the eastern part of turkey, in the	The country of Battle of Manzikert is
0	opera	the genre of tomaso albinoni is the sonata. the sonata is a form	The genre of Tomaso Albinoni is
0	buddhism	the religion of pala empire is hinduism. the pala empire was founded by	The religion of Pala Empire is
0	english	the language of sports illustrated is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Sports Illustrated is
1	japan	the country of yokohama municipal subway is a city in japan. it is located in the	The country of Yokohama Municipal Subway is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jack warner is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jack Warner is
1	guitar	the instrument of andrés segovia torres is a guitar, but it is not a guitar.	The instrument of Andrés Segovia Torres is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of eddie mcguire is australia.

eddie mcguire is	The country of citizenship of Eddie McGuire is
1	iran	razavi khorasan province is located in the center of iran, bordering the provinces of q	Razavi Khorasan Province is located in
1	opera	the genre of jules massenet is the opera. the genre of the opera is the	The genre of Jules Massenet is
0	catholicism	the religion of joseph p. kennedy, sr. is a mystery.

the son of a wealthy	The religion of Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. is
1	india	the country of citizenship of geeta dutt is india.

the country of citizenship of ge	The country of citizenship of Geeta Dutt is
1	baritone	the voice type of harry connick jr. is a baritone.

the voice type of	The voice type of Harry Connick Jr. is
1	islam	the religion of masjid al-haram is islam.

the religion of masjid	The religion of Masjid al-Haram is
1	steel	the material used in forth bridge is a composite of steel and concrete. the steel is	The material used in Forth Bridge is
0	christmas	the public holiday of philippines is celebrated on the first sunday of may. it is	The public holiday of Philippines is
0	english	the language of the simple life is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Simple Life is
1	netherlands	amsterdam is capital of the netherlands and the largest city in the country.	Amsterdam is capital of
0	english	the language of the hound of the baskervilles is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Hound of the Baskervilles is
1	russian	the native language of nikolai bukharin is russian. he was born in moscow in 1887	The native language of Nikolai Bukharin is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of felix steiner is germany.

the country of citizenship of felix	The country of citizenship of Felix Steiner is
0	blue	the eye color of aubrey o'day is a mystery.

the singer, who has	The eye color of Aubrey O'Day is
1	netherlands	the country of rotterdam is a city in the netherlands. it is the second	The country of Rotterdam is
0	catholicism	the religion of verne gagne is a mystery.

he was a man of	The religion of Verne Gagne is
0	english	the language of love's labour's lost is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of Love's Labour's Lost is
1	austria	carinthia is located in the south-east of austria, bordering italy,	Carinthia is located in
1	philippines	the country of davao city is located in the southern part of the philippines. it	The country of Davao City is
0	catholicism	the religion of ramón freire is a religion of love.

the religion of	The religion of Ramón Freire is
0	austria	the original country of glock is germany. the first glock pistol was designed by a	The original country of Glock is
0	libya	the country of benghazi is a small, landlocked country in north africa.	The country of Benghazi is
1	russian	the native language of alexey pajitnov is russian. he was born in moscow in 1956.	The native language of Alexey Pajitnov is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of bobby clarke is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Bobby Clarke is
0	pitcher	the team position of jennie finch is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The team position of Jennie Finch is
0	pitcher	the team position of bucky walters is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Bucky Walters is
1	tunisia	the country of citizenship of mohamed lahouaiej-bouhlel is tunisia.

the country of birth of mohamed	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of vasco da gama is portugal.

vasco da gama	The country of citizenship of Vasco da Gama is
0	english	the language of the constitution of liberty is a bit dense, but it is not difficult to	The language of The Constitution of Liberty is
0	german	the native language of hermann, fürst von pückler-muskau is the upper sorbian language, which is a dialect	The native language of Hermann, Fürst von Pückler-Muskau is
1	spain	the country of bay of biscay is a region of spain, located in the northwest of	The country of Bay of Biscay is
1	iran	the country of ahvaz is located in the southwest of iran. it is the	The country of Ahvaz is
0	france	the country of credit agricole group is a french multinational banking and financial services company headquartered in	The country of Credit Agricole Group is
0	english	the language of west side story is a rich and complex one, and it’	The language of West Side Story is
1	france	the country of citizenship of timothée chalamet is france.

the country of citizenship of arm	The country of citizenship of Timothée Chalamet is
0	jazz	the genre of carmen mcrae is a little bit of everything. she’s	The genre of Carmen McRae is
0	english	the native language of james joyce is irish. he was born in dublin in 1882	The native language of James Joyce is
0	baseball	the sport played by rick burleson is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Rick Burleson is
1	temperature	the measured physical quantity of degree fahrenheit is the temperature of the air. the measured physical quantity	The measured physical quantity of degree Fahrenheit is
1	france	the country of citizenship of francis ponge is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Francis Ponge is
0	pitcher	the team position of jerry reuss is a bit of a mystery. he is a career	The team position of Jerry Reuss is
0	software	the product or material produced of association for computing machinery is the copyright of the author and/or its licens	The product or material produced of Association for Computing Machinery is
0	russian	the official language of tajikistan is tajik. tajik is a turkic language	The official language of Tajikistan is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of niño ricardo is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Niño Ricardo is
1	indonesia	the country of jakarta is the capital of indonesia, the largest archipelago	The country of Jakarta is
0	english	the language of the tell-tale heart is a very rich one. it is a language of	The language of The Tell-Tale Heart is
1	trumpet	the instrument of wynton marsalis is a trumpet, and the instrument of wynton mars	The instrument of Wynton Marsalis is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of lope de vega is unknown.

works

theatre	The country of citizenship of Lope de Vega is
0	switzerland	the country of world trade organization is a country of the world. it is a country	The country of World Trade Organization is
0	vienna	the residence of anton bruckner is located in the small town of meidling,	The residence of Anton Bruckner is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of konstantin khabensky is russia.

the country of citizenship of ol	The country of citizenship of Konstantin Khabensky is
1	argentina	entre ríos province is located in the center of argentina, in the middle of the	Entre Ríos Province is located in
1	a	the blood type of candy candido is ab. candy candido's blood type is ab	The blood type of Candy Candido is
1	ireland	the country of county cavan is located in the province of ireland. it is b	The country of County Cavan is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe cronin is a game of inches.

the cincinnati reds	The sport played by Joe Cronin is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of russell drysdale is australia.

the country of citizenship of russell	The country of citizenship of Russell Drysdale is
1	english	the native language of kyle gass is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Kyle Gass is
1	hesse	wiesbaden is capital of the german state of hesse and is located in	Wiesbaden is capital of
0	hinduism	the religion of gulshan kumar is a mystery. he is a muslim, but he	The religion of Gulshan Kumar is
0	connacht	county roscommon is located in the heart of ireland, in the centre of the	County Roscommon is located in
0	english	the language of one man's family is a collection of essays by the author, which explores	The language of One Man's Family is
0	china	the country of citizenship of lao she is laos.

the country of citizenship of la	The country of citizenship of Lao She is
0	california	sacramento river is located in the heart of the city, and is the main	Sacramento River is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of tim mcgraw is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Tim McGraw is
1	hebrew	the native language of eyal golan is hebrew, but he speaks english with a strong israeli	The native language of Eyal Golan is
1	thailand	the country of chiang mai is located in the north of thailand. it is a	The country of Chiang Mai is
1	english	the native language of emily procter is english. she was born in the united states and	The native language of Emily Procter is
0	black	the official color of christian democratic union is red. the official color of the social democratic party	The official color of Christian Democratic Union is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of tommy douglas is canada.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Tommy Douglas is
1	england	greater manchester is located in the north of england, and is the most populous	Greater Manchester is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by bob welch is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bob Welch is
1	english	the native language of iggy pop is english, but he has been singing in german since	The native language of Iggy Pop is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of johnny torrio is not known.

johnny torrio was born	The country of citizenship of Johnny Torrio is
0	dominica	the country of citizenship of rico carty is [mask]

the country of citizenship of rico carty	The country of citizenship of Rico Carty is [MASK]
1	poland	the country of citizenship of lech kaczyński is poland.

the country of citizenship of le	The country of citizenship of Lech Kaczyński is
1	chinese	the native language of liu xiaobo is chinese, but he has been living in the united	The native language of Liu Xiaobo is
0	malta	valletta is located in the heart of the city of valletta,	Valletta is located in
0	canada	the country of citizenship of larry walker is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Larry Walker is
0	germany	the country of jewish museum berlin is a place where the jewish people can live in peace	The country of Jewish Museum Berlin is
0	green	the eye color of kelly rohrbach is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Kelly Rohrbach is
1	chicago	the headquarters location of industrial workers of the world is in chicago, illinois. the iww is a	The headquarters location of Industrial Workers of the World is
1	baseball	the sport played by david ortiz is baseball. the sport played by david ortiz is a	The sport played by David Ortiz is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by prince harry, duke of sussex is english, french, german, american sign language,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex is
1	german	the official language of vaduz is german.

history

the city of	The official language of Vaduz is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of bobbie rosenfeld is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Bobbie Rosenfeld is
1	guitar	the instrument of demis roussos is a guitar, but it’s not the	The instrument of Demis Roussos is
0	manufacturing	mass production is facet of the same process.

the first step in	mass production is facet of
0	dublin	the residence of carroll o'connor is a two-story, three-bedroom, two	The residence of Carroll O'Connor is
1	burundi	bujumbura is capital of burundi, a small country in the great	Bujumbura is capital of
0	english	the language of the wire is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of The Wire is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohammad ali fardin is persian, arabic, english, and french.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohammad Ali Fardin is
1	sanskrit	the language of panchatantra is a mixture of sanskrit and hindi. the sanskrit words	The language of Panchatantra is
0	portugal	the country of terceira island is located in the atlantic ocean, in the azores	The country of Terceira Island is
0	english	the language of i want to hold your hand is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of I Want to Hold Your Hand is
1	catalan	the native language of carles puigdemont is catalan, but he has been speaking english for the	The native language of Carles Puigdemont is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules massenet is france.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jules Massenet is
1	english	the native language of don stark is english.

don stark is a fictional character	The native language of Don Stark is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of bartolomé mitre is argentina.

the country of birth of bart	The country of citizenship of Bartolomé Mitre is
0	islam	the religion of snoop dogg is a mystery.

the rapper, whose real	The religion of Snoop Dogg is
0	french	the language used in walloon brabant is a dialect of dutch, which is spoken in the	The language used in Walloon Brabant is
1	geneva	the headquarters location of international organization for standardization is in geneva, switzerland.

history	The headquarters location of International Organization for Standardization is
0	buddhism	the religion of guan yu is a chinese folk religion, and is the most popular	The religion of Guan Yu is
0	islam	the religion of cheb mami is a religion of love. it is a religion of	The religion of Cheb Mami is
1	white	the streak color of talc is white.

the streak color of talc	The streak color of talc is
1	islam	the religion of moors is islam. the religion of the people of the	The religion of Moors is
0	english	the language of a message to garcia is a bit of a mystery. it is written in	The language of A Message to Garcia is
0	english	the language of the importance of being earnest is a rich and complex language, and it is not	The language of The Importance of Being Earnest is
0	philosophy	the main subject of thus spoke zarathustra is the "superman" and his "superhuman	The main subject of Thus Spoke Zarathustra is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marcel carné is france.

marcel carné was born	The country of citizenship of Marcel Carné is
1	japan	the country of yamaguchi prefecture is located in the southwest of japan. it is b	The country of Yamaguchi Prefecture is
1	islam	the religion of ali pasha is a mixture of islam and the greek orthodox faith.	The religion of Ali Pasha is
1	finnish	the official language of oulu is finnish. the official language of the municipality is finnish	The official language of Oulu is
1	french	the official language of académie française is french.

the académie frança	The official language of Académie Française is
0	english	the native language of edward snowden is russian. he was born in the soviet union,	The native language of Edward Snowden is
0	pitcher	the team position of jack billingham is a bit of a mystery. he is a left	The team position of Jack Billingham is
1	french	the native language of gilbert du motier, marquis de lafayette is french. he was born in 1757 in the	The native language of Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette is
0	taunton	the capital of somerset is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Somerset is
1	italy	the country of milan metro is a city in the north of italy, in the	The country of Milan Metro is
1	english	the native language of rutherford b. hayes is not english, but it is a language that is	The native language of Rutherford B. Hayes is
0	english	the language of it's a wonderful life is a bit of a mystery. it's a wonderful	The language of It's a Wonderful Life is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of komsomolskaya pravda is a good example of the soviet union's propaganda.	The newspaper format of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
0	english	the native language of kelly marie tran is vietnamese. she was born in saigon, the	The native language of Kelly Marie Tran is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of gracia mendes nasi is portugal.

the country of citizenship of grac	The country of citizenship of Gracia Mendes Nasi is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of vilmos zsigmond is hungary.

the country of citizenship of vil	The country of citizenship of Vilmos Zsigmond is
0	treason	adnan menderes convicted of genocide

adnan menderes, the	Adnan Menderes convicted of
0	mexico	the country of roca partida is a small, mountainous country in the far north of	The country of Roca Partida is
1	minsk	the capital of byelorussian soviet socialist republic is minsk. the city is located in the center	The capital of Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic is
1	english	the language of the wonderful wizard of oz is a mixture of english and ozian. it is	The language of The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is
1	spain	la rioja is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous community of	La Rioja is located in
0	christianity	the religion of justinian i is a matter of dispute. the most common view is	The religion of Justinian I is
0	112	the emergency phone number of réunion is: 0590.

the emergency phone number	The emergency phone number of Réunion is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of bhumibol adulyadej is thailand.

the country of citizenship of bh	The country of citizenship of Bhumibol Adulyadej is
1	serbian	the native language of novak djokovic is serbian, but he speaks english fluently. he	The native language of Novak Djokovic is
1	opera	the genre of arrigo boito is the opera. he was born in 1858 in	The genre of Arrigo Boito is
0	adobe	the material used in taos pueblo is a type of volcanic rock called tuff. t	The material used in Taos Pueblo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideo kojima is japan.

hideo kojima is	The country of citizenship of Hideo Kojima is
1	france	the original country of french bulldog is france. the breed was developed in the early 1800	The original country of French Bulldog is
0	australia	the original country of australorp is unknown. it is believed to have been developed in	The original country of Australorp is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve barber is now officially confirmed.

the former england international	The team position of Steve Barber is
0	piano	the instrument of cory lerios is a guitar, and the instrument of cory lerios	The instrument of Cory Lerios is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of mohammad bin salman is the same as the ethnic group of the saudi royal	The ethnic group of Mohammad bin Salman is
0	112	the emergency phone number of bosnia and herzegovina is:

+387 (0)1-	The emergency phone number of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	jazz	the genre of johnnie davis is a little bit of everything. he’s	The genre of Johnnie Davis is
0	baseball	the sport played by leo cárdenas is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Leo Cárdenas is
0	catholicism	the religion of patricio aylwin is a religion of the gods, and the gods are	The religion of Patricio Aylwin is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by vera ignatyevna mukhina is russian, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vera Ignatyevna Mukhina is
1	ukraine	the country of zaporizhzhia is located in the south-east of ukraine. it	The country of Zaporizhzhia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hirohiko araki is japan.

the country of residence of hiro	The country of citizenship of Hirohiko Araki is
0	midfielder	the team position of paulo roberto falcão is the most important in the history of the brazilian national	The team position of Paulo Roberto Falcão is
1	english	the language of angela's ashes is a mixture of english and irish. the irish words	The language of Angela's Ashes is
1	english	the native language of frederik pohl is english. he was born in new york city on	The native language of Frederik Pohl is
1	english	the native language of edward albee is english, but he has been writing plays in french	The native language of Edward Albee is
0	baseball	the sport played by zane grey is a game of skill, speed, and endurance.	The sport played by Zane Grey is
0	catholicism	the religion of michaëlle jean is a mystery.

the former governor general of	The religion of Michaëlle Jean is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of sandy helberg is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Sandy Helberg is
1	london	the headquarters location of arsenal f.c. is in the london borough of newham, in the	The headquarters location of Arsenal F.C. is
0	joseph	j. edward bromberg given name

j. edward bromberg (born january	J. Edward Bromberg given name
1	montreal	the headquarters location of air canada is in montreal, quebec, canada. the airline is	The headquarters location of Air Canada is
1	spanish	the language used in argentina is a mixture of spanish and portuguese, with a few	The language used in Argentina is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of zewditu i is disputed. she was born in ethiopia, but her	The country of citizenship of Zewditu I is
1	blue	the eye color of suzanne somers is blue.

suzanne somers is a famous	The eye color of Suzanne Somers is
0	clothing	history of costume is facet of the history of the world.

the history	history of costume is facet of
1	charles	charlie adler given name

charles adler (born august 19,	Charlie Adler given name
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean genet is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Genet is
0	piano	the instrument of enrique granados is a guitar, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of Enrique Granados is
0	verse	the genre of mikhail lermontov is the russian novel. the russian novel is a genre	The genre of Mikhail Lermontov is
1	english	the official language of federal bureau of investigation is english.

the official language of the federal	The official language of Federal Bureau of Investigation is
1	baseball	the sport played by st. louis cardinals is baseball. the sport played by the new york yankees	The sport played by St. Louis Cardinals is
0	italy	the country of bacchus and ariadne is a land of many wonders. the people are a	The country of Bacchus and Ariadne is
1	japan	the country of meiji shrine is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Meiji Shrine is
0	english	the language of sympathy for the devil is a very interesting one. it is a language that	The language of Sympathy for the Devil is
1	french	the native language of robert guérin is french.

biography

robert gu	The native language of Robert Guérin is
0	japan	south korea shares a border with north korea, and the two countries have been at	South Korea shares a border with
0	baseball	the sport played by jimmie foxx is a game of speed and agility. he is a	The sport played by Jimmie Foxx is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of ben kingsley is "sir" and the honorific prefix of the	The honorific prefix of Ben Kingsley is
1	latin	the language of the consolation of philosophy is a mixture of latin and greek, and the book	The language of The Consolation of Philosophy is
0	pitcher	the team position of johnny vander meer is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Johnny Vander Meer is
0	china	the country of citizenship of luo guanzhong is unknown.

luo guanzhong was	The country of citizenship of Luo Guanzhong is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of amos oz is israel.

amos oz was born in	The country of citizenship of Amos Oz is
0	christianity	the religion of constantine the great is a subject of much debate. the most common view	The religion of Constantine the Great is
1	murder	john gotti convicted of racketeering, conspiracy, murder, and other charges	John Gotti convicted of
0	denmark	the country of danish colonial empire is a small, densely populated country in northern europe.	The country of Danish colonial empire is
1	somalia	mogadishu is capital of the autonomous puntland region in northeastern somalia.	Mogadishu is capital of
0	english	the language of federalist papers is a language of the people. it is the language	The language of Federalist Papers is
1	english	the native language of jenny mollen is english, but she’s been living in	The native language of Jenny Mollen is
0	brown	the eye color of taylor dayne is a mystery.

the former pop singer,	The eye color of Taylor Dayne is
0	italy	the country of the birth of venus is a land of great beauty and great mystery. it	The country of The Birth of Venus is
1	french	the native language of marcel proust is french, but he wrote his masterpiece, à	The native language of Marcel Proust is
1	egypt	the country of south sinai governorate is located in the northern part of egypt. it is	The country of South Sinai Governorate is
0	christianity	the religion of evel knievel is a religion of the heart.

the religion	The religion of Evel Knievel is
1	islam	the religion of ahmed shahe durrani is islam. he was born on may 5, 18	The religion of Ahmed Shahe Durrani is
1	english	the native language of william wycherley is english, but he was born in the west indies	The native language of William Wycherley is
0	hinduism	the religion of ajay devgn is a mystery. he is a man of contradictions.	The religion of Ajay Devgn is
1	republic	the basic form of government of cossack hetmanate is a republic, with a president, a parliament,	The basic form of government of Cossack Hetmanate is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoko ono is japan.

yoko ono was born	The country of citizenship of Yoko Ono is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of viktor yanukovych is ukraine.

viktor yanukovych was born	The country of citizenship of Viktor Yanukovych is
0	buddhism	the religion of aśvaghoṣa is not known.

the religion of the buddha	The religion of Aśvaghoṣa is
1	italy	the country of rimini is located in the north-east of italy, in	The country of Rimini is
0	bronze	the material used in colossus of rhodes is a combination of the following:

the colossus	The material used in Colossus of Rhodes is
1	republic	the basic form of government of pridnestrovie is a presidential republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Pridnestrovie is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of vilhelm bjerknes is norway.

the country of citizenship of vil	The country of citizenship of Vilhelm Bjerknes is
0	baseball	the sport played by j. d. drew is basketball. he is a 6-foot-5	The sport played by J. D. Drew is
0	spain	the country of banco santander is a large country in the western part of south america	The country of Banco Santander is
0	english	the language of internet movie database is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Internet Movie Database is
1	japan	the country of waseda university is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Waseda University is
1	france	the original country of la grande illusion is france, but the film was made in switzerland.	The original country of La Grande Illusion is
0	alaska	bering strait is located in the bering sea, between the u.s	Bering Strait is located in
1	slovenia	ljubljana is capital of slovenia, a country of 2.1 million people	Ljubljana is capital of
0	blue	the eye color of emily procter is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Emily Procter is
0	112	the emergency phone number of greenland is +299-22-22-22.	The emergency phone number of Greenland is
0	brazil	the country of são francisco river is located in the state of maranhão,	The country of São Francisco River is
1	french	the native language of tristan tzara is french, but he was born in romania and spent	The native language of Tristan Tzara is
1	seoul	the headquarters location of lg corporation is in seoul, south korea. lg is a south	The headquarters location of LG Corporation is
1	belgium	the country of brussels-capital region is the capital of belgium. it is the most populous	The country of Brussels-Capital Region is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joséphine de beauharnais is unknown.

the country of birth of josé	The country of citizenship of Joséphine de Beauharnais is
1	german	the native language of elfriede jelinek is german. she was born in vienna in 1938 and	The native language of Elfriede Jelinek is
1	french	the language of the three musketeers is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of The Three Musketeers is
1	japan	the country of manga is japan. the country of anime is japan. the	The country of manga is
0	egypt	the country of united arab republic is a country in the middle east. it is a	The country of United Arab Republic is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of stefan the first-crowned is unknown.

stefan the first-c	The ethnic group of Stefan the First-Crowned is
1	russian	the official language of karelia is russian.

history

the karel	The official language of Karelia is
1	japan	tokyo is capital of japan. it is the largest city in japan and	Tokyo is capital of
1	raleigh	the capital of north carolina is raleigh, which is located in the state’	The capital of North Carolina is
1	spain	the country of basque pelota is a small country in the north of spain. it	The country of Basque pelota is
1	french	the native language of antoine bourdelle is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Antoine Bourdelle is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hattori hanzō is japan.

the country of citizenship of hatt	The country of citizenship of Hattori Hanzō is
0	pitcher	the team position of jim bunning is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Jim Bunning is
1	arabic	the official language of al ain is arabic. the local dialect is called al ainī	The official language of Al Ain is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of bertolt brecht is germany.

the country of citizenship of bert	The country of citizenship of Bertolt Brecht is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of albert hague is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Albert Hague is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of vicente guerrero is mexico.

vicente guerrero is a	The country of citizenship of Vicente Guerrero is
0	argentina	san luis province is located in the north of the country, in the pacific coast	San Luis Province is located in
0	edinburgh	forth bridge is located in the city of forth, in the county of f	Forth Bridge is located in
0	catcher	the team position of mickey cochrane is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Mickey Cochrane is
0	harrisburg	the capital of pennsylvania is the city of philadelphia. it is the fifth largest	The capital of Pennsylvania is
1	indianapolis	the headquarters location of national collegiate athletic association is in indianapolis, indiana. the ncaa is a non	The headquarters location of National Collegiate Athletic Association is
1	english	the native language of debbie turner is english. she was born in england and has lived	The native language of Debbie Turner is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of lawrence bragg is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lawrence Bragg is
1	judaism	the religion of mendele mocher sforim is judaism.

mendele mocher	The religion of Mendele Mocher Sforim is
1	japan	aichi prefecture is located in the central part of japan. it is the second	Aichi Prefecture is located in
0	english	the language of the murder of roger ackroyd is a little bit like a cross between the language of	The language of The Murder of Roger Ackroyd is
0	astronaut	spaceflight practiced by the u.s. military.

the	spaceflight practiced by
0	missouri	st. louis is located in the heart of the midwest, and is the largest	St. Louis is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by claudell washington is a game of skill, strategy, and finesse	The sport played by Claudell Washington is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of naser al-din shah qajar is iran.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Naser al-Din Shah Qajar is
0	piano	the instrument of vaughn meader is a very simple one. it is a microphone,	The instrument of Vaughn Meader is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of turlough o'carolan is ireland.

the country of residence of tur	The country of citizenship of Turlough O'Carolan is
1	islam	the religion of ayyubid dynasty is islam.

the religion of the mamlu	The religion of Ayyubid dynasty is
1	ukraine	the country of kherson oblast is located in the south of ukraine. it is a	The country of Kherson Oblast is
1	english	the official language of newfoundland and labrador is english.

the official language of the province	The official language of Newfoundland and Labrador is
0	tanzania	the country of zanzibar city is located in the east african region of africa. the	The country of Zanzibar City is
0	autumn	winter follows the same pattern as spring, with the exception that	winter follows
1	india	the country of visakhapatnam is located in the state of andhra pradesh in india	The country of Visakhapatnam is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of kip keino is kenya.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kip Keino is
0	tennis	the sport played by althea gibson is a game of skill, speed, and power.	The sport played by Althea Gibson is
1	shandong	weihai is located in the eastern part of shandong province, china	Weihai is located in
0	employer	job interview practiced by the applicant.

the applicant is required to	job interview practiced by
0	hungary	budapest is located in the heart of the carpathian basin, a	Budapest is located in
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by josé miguel de la carrera y verdugo is spanish, and the official language of the country is	The languages spoken, written or signed by José Miguel de la Carrera y Verdugo is
0	hinduism	the religion of jagadish chandra bose is a mystery. he was a man of many contradictions	The religion of Jagadish Chandra Bose is
1	trumpet	the instrument of dizzy gillespie is the trumpet. the instrument of miles davis is the	The instrument of Dizzy Gillespie is
0	australia	tree-kangaroo endemic to the island of new guinea.

**_	Tree-kangaroo endemic to
1	wood	the material used in pinocchio is a mixture of cellulose, wood pulp, and	The material used in Pinocchio is
0	piano	the instrument of vladimir ashkenazy is a violin made by the famous luthier antonio	The instrument of Vladimir Ashkenazy is
0	english	the language used in nairobi is swahili.

history

the	The language used in Nairobi is
0	forward	the team position of cyclone taylor is now set. the team will be playing in the	The team position of Cyclone Taylor is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles augustin de coulomb is unknown.

biography

charles august	The country of citizenship of Charles Augustin de Coulomb is
1	hungary	békés county is located in the northern great plain region of hungary. it is	Békés County is located in
1	japan	the country of heian period is a period of japanese history from 794 to 11	The country of Heian period is
0	india	the country of citizenship of rajinikanth is tamil nadu.

rajinikanth	The country of citizenship of Rajinikanth is
0	malaysia	pahang is located in the north-eastern part of peninsular	Pahang is located in
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of eileen gray is france.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Eileen Gray is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of hans frank is unknown.

frank was born in frankenthal	The country of citizenship of Hans Frank is
0	goaltender	the team position of martin brodeur is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Martin Brodeur is
0	news	the main subject of ria novosti is the russian-american relations. the russian-american	The main subject of RIA Novosti is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of evonne goolagong cawley is australia.

the country of citizenship of ev	The country of citizenship of Evonne Goolagong Cawley is
0	catholicism	the religion of adolfo suárez is a mystery. he was a catholic, but he	The religion of Adolfo Suárez is
0	india	the country of bharatiya janata party is a country of hindus. the country of bharati	The country of Bharatiya Janata Party is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of álvaro uribe is colombia.

the country of citizenship of �	The country of citizenship of Álvaro Uribe is
1	persian	the official language of delhi sultanate is persian. the persian language was the official language of	The official language of Delhi Sultanate is
1	latvia	the country of citizenship of māris štrombergs is latvia.

the country of birth of m	The country of citizenship of Māris Štrombergs is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of diane kruger is germany.

the country of citizenship of diane	The country of citizenship of Diane Kruger is
0	malta	the country of valletta is a small island in the mediterranean sea, located in	The country of Valletta is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by wladimir klitschko is ukraine.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Wladimir Klitschko is
1	indonesian	the official language of lampung is indonesian, but the local dialect is called lampung	The official language of Lampung is
0	baseball	the sport played by charlie keller is a game of inches.

the 6-	The sport played by Charlie Keller is
0	english	charles watson-wentworth, 2nd marquess of rockingham writing languages

charles watson-wentworth, 2	Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham writing languages
1	naples	the capital of campania is naples, which is the largest city in italy.	The capital of Campania is
1	india	the original country of naan is india. the name naan is derived from the	The original country of Naan is
0	canada	the country of hudson's bay company is a fictional country in the video game assassin's creed	The country of Hudson's Bay Company is
0	jazz	the genre of billie holiday is a difficult one to pin down. she was a	The genre of Billie Holiday is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of sebastião salgado is brazil.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Sebastião Salgado is
1	india	deccan plateau is located in the southern part of india. it is a plateau	Deccan Plateau is located in
1	iran	the original country of persian cat is iran. the persian cat is a breed of cat	The original country of Persian cat is
1	irish	the language used in county meath is a mixture of irish and english. the irish language	The language used in County Meath is
1	arabic	the official language of mamluk sultanate is arabic. the official language of the egyptian state is	The official language of Mamluk Sultanate is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of adolf dassler is germany.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Adolf Dassler is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of aeroflot is in moscow, russia.

history	The headquarters location of Aeroflot is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of rattana pestonji is thailand.

the country of citizenship of ratt	The country of citizenship of Rattana Pestonji is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of theresa andersson is sweden.

the country of citizenship of theresa	The country of citizenship of Theresa Andersson is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of scott moir is canada.

the country of citizenship of scott	The country of citizenship of Scott Moir is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of hans makart is unknown.

biography

hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Makart is
1	chicago	875 north michigan avenue is located in the heart of chicago's gold coast. the building	875 North Michigan Avenue is located in
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of caroline lagerfelt is sweden.

the country of citizenship of caroline	The country of citizenship of Caroline Lagerfelt is
1	portuguese	the official language of cape verde is portuguese.

cape verde is a	The official language of Cape Verde is
0	catcher	the team position of walker cooper is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Walker Cooper is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of iker casillas is spain, and the country of citizenship of the other	The country of citizenship of Iker Casillas is
0	hinduism	the religion of krishnadevaraya is called as the “krishna-d	The religion of Krishnadevaraya is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of nnamdi azikiwe is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Nnamdi Azikiwe is
0	soprano	the voice type of aundrea fimbres is a female.

the voice age of a	The voice type of Aundrea Fimbres is
0	iran	the country of fall of babylon is a fictional country in the video game fallout 4.	The country of Fall of Babylon is
0	judaism	the religion of moe howard is a mystery.

the man who played the	The religion of Moe Howard is
0	brown	the eye color of brittany murphy is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Brittany Murphy is
0	security	authentication is facet of the authentication process.

the authentication process is	authentication is facet of
0	vanuatu	the country of melanesia is a collection of small islands in the pacific ocean.	The country of Melanesia is
1	basketball	the sport played by carlos boozer is basketball. the sport played by carlos boozer is	The sport played by Carlos Boozer is
1	korean	the official language of joseon is korean, but the korean language was not the only	The official language of Joseon is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of erich von stroheim is not known.

biography

e	The country of citizenship of Erich von Stroheim is
1	english	the native language of kirk cameron is english, but he has been speaking in tongues for	The native language of Kirk Cameron is
0	english	the language of death of a salesman is a play about the american dream. it is a	The language of Death of a Salesman is
0	islam	the religion of great mosque of djenné is animism. the animist religion of the people	The religion of Great Mosque of Djenné is
1	french	the native language of pierre beaumarchais is french. he was born in paris in 1732	The native language of Pierre Beaumarchais is
1	russia	the country of 2014 winter olympics is russia. the country of 2014 winter olympics is russia	The country of 2014 Winter Olympics is
0	blue	the eye color of robin bain is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Robin Bain is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of raffaella carrà is italy.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Raffaella Carrà is
1	republic	the basic form of government of yugoslavia is a federation of six republics, each with its	The basic form of government of Yugoslavia is
0	dominica	the country of citizenship of césar cedeño is [mask]

the country of citizenship of césar	The country of citizenship of César Cedeño is [MASK]
1	jazz	the genre of albert ayler is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Albert Ayler is
1	japanese	the native language of yukio mishima is japanese. he was born in tokyo in 1925 and	The native language of Yukio Mishima is
1	sanskrit	the language used in champa is a mixture of sanskrit and khmer. the kh	The language used in Champa is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of arrigo sacchi is italy.

arrigo sacchi was	The country of citizenship of Arrigo Sacchi is
0	blue	the eye color of ashley benson is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Ashley Benson is
1	bahrain	manama is capital of bahrain and the largest city in the country. it	Manama is capital of
1	a	the blood type of shin koyamada is a.

shin koyamada is	The blood type of Shin Koyamada is
0	judaism	the religion of david o. selznick is a mystery.

the hollywood producer, who	The religion of David O. Selznick is
1	dutch	the native language of maarten tromp is dutch. he is a native speaker of dutch and	The native language of Maarten Tromp is
1	japan	the country of kagawa prefecture is located in the chūgoku region of japan	The country of Kagawa Prefecture is
1	english	the language used in liberia is english, but liberians also speak a local language	The language used in Liberia is
0	baseball	the sport played by john franco is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by John Franco is
0	pretoria	the capital of south africa is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of South Africa is
0	asia	the continent of han dynasty is located in the northern part of china, and it	The continent of Han dynasty is
1	english	the language of pitfall! is a mixture of english and french. the game is	The language of Pitfall! is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich schütz is not known.

heinrich schü	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Schütz is
1	cambodia	the country of citizenship of norodom sihanouk is cambodia.

norodom sihan	The country of citizenship of Norodom Sihanouk is
1	911	the emergency phone number of belize is 911.

the emergency phone number of bel	The emergency phone number of Belize is
1	jiangsu	xuzhou is located in the north of jiangsu province, china. it	Xuzhou is located in
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of carlo maderno is italy.

the country of citizenship of carlo	The country of citizenship of Carlo Maderno is
1	guitar	the instrument of aj michalka is a guitar, and the instrument of aj michalk	The instrument of AJ Michalka is
1	togo	lomé is capital of the togo region of west africa. it is	Lomé is capital of
0	cambodia	the country of siem reap is a small, but beautiful, country in the heart	The country of Siem Reap is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mineko iwasaki is japan.

mineko iwasaki is	The country of citizenship of Mineko Iwasaki is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by juan carlos i is spanish, catalan, french, english, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Juan Carlos I is
1	english	the official language of tanzania is swahili. english is widely spoken and understood	The official language of Tanzania is
0	france	the country of citizenship of octave chanute is not known.

octave chanute was	The country of citizenship of Octave Chanute is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of carlo gambino is italy.

the country of citizenship of carlo	The country of citizenship of Carlo Gambino is
0	baseball	the sport played by bobby shantz is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Bobby Shantz is
0	opera	the genre of richard wagner is the most difficult to define. he was a composer	The genre of Richard Wagner is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of monteiro lobato is portugal.

the country of citizenship of maria	The country of citizenship of Monteiro Lobato is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john gorton is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of John Gorton is
1	italian	the language of don giovanni is a mixture of italian, french, and german.	The language of Don Giovanni is
0	emi	the record label of simon rattle is deutsche grammophon.

discography	The record label of Simon Rattle is
1	guitar	the instrument of nick carter is a guitar. it is a guitar that is a	The instrument of Nick Carter is
0	catholicism	the religion of thomas keneally is a mystery.

the author of the booker	The religion of Thomas Keneally is
1	cheyenne	the capital of wyoming is cheyenne, which is located in the state	The capital of Wyoming is
1	ireland	the country of dún laoghaire–rathdown is a county in ireland. it is located in the	The country of Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown is
0	duke	the noble title of james iii of scotland is a curious one. it is not a title that	The noble title of James III of Scotland is
0	denmark	the country of danish is a small country in northern europe. it is b	The country of Danish is
0	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of josé santos zelaya is honduras.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José Santos Zelaya is
1	india	the country of bareilly is located in the state of uttar pradesh in india.	The country of Bareilly is
1	india	the country of citizenship of padmini kolhapure is india.

the country of citizenship of pad	The country of citizenship of Padmini Kolhapure is
0	english	the native language of desi arnaz, jr. is spanish. he was born in havana, cuba,	The native language of Desi Arnaz, Jr. is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of caroline ouellette is canada.

the country of citizenship of caroline	The country of citizenship of Caroline Ouellette is
1	florida	tallahassee is capital of the state of florida. it is the most populous	Tallahassee is capital of
0	germany	the country of citizenship of johannes hevelius is unknown. he was born in the netherlands, but	The country of citizenship of Johannes Hevelius is
1	poland	the country of katowice is located in the south-western part of poland.	The country of Katowice is
1	italy	the country of ligurian sea is located in the north-western part of italy.	The country of Ligurian Sea is
0	admiral	the military rank of ferdinand magellan is not known. he was a portuguese navigator who	The military rank of Ferdinand Magellan is
0	brown	the eye color of julissa bermudez is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Julissa Bermudez is
0	emi	the record label of the wiggles is now owned by disney.

the wigg	The record label of The Wiggles is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marquis de sade is unknown. he was born in 1740 in the	The country of citizenship of Marquis de Sade is
1	bangladesh	the country of barisal is located in the south-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Barisal is
1	french	the official language of guinea is french.

history

the history of	The official language of Guinea is
0	islam	the religion of diori hamani is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Diori Hamani is
1	iceland	faroe islands shares a border with iceland, denmark, and sweden. the faroe	Faroe Islands shares a border with
1	french	the native language of pierre laval is french.

biography

pierre l	The native language of Pierre Laval is
1	german	the native language of markus wolf is german. he was born in berlin in 1933 and	The native language of Markus Wolf is
1	sweden	götaland is located in the south of sweden, and is the third largest	Götaland is located in
1	swedish	the native language of ingmar bergman is swedish. he was born in uppsala,	The native language of Ingmar Bergman is
0	ireland	the country of connacht is a land of myth and legend. it is a	The country of Connacht is
0	london	the residence of queen elizabeth the queen mother is a grade i listed building in sandringham,	The residence of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother is
1	india	the country of citizenship of c. v. raman is india.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of C. V. Raman is
0	basketball	the sport played by jim paxson is a sport of the mind.

it�	The sport played by Jim Paxson is
0	africa	the continent of white nile is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The continent of White Nile is
0	admiral	the military rank of andrea doria is unknown.

biography

andrea	The military rank of Andrea Doria is
1	guitar	the instrument of kina grannis is a guitar, and the instrument of kina gr	The instrument of Kina Grannis is
0	french	jacques-martin hotteterre writing languages

jacques-martin hotteterre	Jacques-Martin Hotteterre writing languages
1	english	the native language of charles watson-wentworth, 2nd marquess of rockingham is english.

biography

charles watson	The native language of Charles Watson-Wentworth, 2nd Marquess of Rockingham is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of helmut kohl is germany.

the country of citizenship of hel	The country of citizenship of Helmut Kohl is
0	islam	the religion of rafic hariri is a mystery.

the lebanese prime minister,	The religion of Rafic Hariri is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of antônio mariano de oliveira is brazil.

the country of citizenship of ant	The country of citizenship of Antônio Mariano de Oliveira is
0	pitcher	the team position of mike mccormick is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Mike McCormick is
1	english	the native language of john bunyan is english, but he wrote his allegory in the	The native language of John Bunyan is
1	opera	the genre of claudio monteverdi is the opera. he was a composer of the italian	The genre of Claudio Monteverdi is
0	india	the country of tibetan is a land of high mountains, deep valleys, and	The country of Tibetan is
0	zimbabwe	the country of zambezi river is located in the south-eastern part of the	The country of Zambezi River is
0	robbery	rodney king convicted of manslaughter in 1992 la riots case

los angel	Rodney King convicted of
0	doctorate	the academic degree of ferdinand cohn is not known.

career

fer	The academic degree of Ferdinand Cohn is
1	english	the native language of kate spade is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Kate Spade is
1	japan	the country for sport played by hisashi iwakuma is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Hisashi Iwakuma is
0	christianity	the religion of joseph massino is a mystery.

the mob boss, who	The religion of Joseph Massino is
0	judaism	the religion of andrew breitbart is the religion of the left.

the religion	The religion of Andrew Breitbart is
0	english	the native language of ken thompson is c, but he has been programming in
c	The native language of Ken Thompson is
1	macedonia	ancient greece shares a border with the modern day republic of macedonia. the ancient greek	Ancient Greece shares a border with
0	baseball	the sport played by bronson arroyo is a game of inches.

the pitcher�	The sport played by Bronson Arroyo is
1	italian	the native language of federico caprilli is italian. he was born in rome, italy,	The native language of Federico Caprilli is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of sikh empire is a monarchy. the emperor is the head of state	The basic form of government of Sikh Empire is
1	hindi	the official language of ranchi is hindi.

history

the city of	The official language of Ranchi is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of vicente fernández is argentina.

vicente fernánd	The country of citizenship of Vicente Fernández is
1	mexico	the country of toluca is located in the state of mexico, in the north	The country of Toluca is
0	lombard	the language used in veneto is a dialect of italian, which is spoken in the	The language used in Veneto is
1	kenya	nairobi is capital of kenya, a country in east africa. it is	Nairobi is capital of
1	japan	the country of gifu is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Gifu is
0	ma	the family name of zheng he is pronounced as "zheng" in chinese, and	The family name of Zheng He is
0	christianity	the religion of afonso iii of portugal is not known.

the first portuguese king to	The religion of Afonso III of Portugal is
1	colombia	the country of medellín carte is a small country in the south of colombia. it	The country of Medellín Carte is
0	mexico	the country of castillo de chapultepec is a country in the world of the game of th	The country of castillo de chapultepec is
1	a	the blood type of richard brake is a, and he is a member of the a	The blood type of Richard Brake is
0	violin	the instrument of larry fine is a guitar, and the instrument of larry fine is	The instrument of Larry Fine is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of gebrselassie haile is ethiopia.

career

early career	The country of citizenship of Gebrselassie Haile is
0	poetry	the genre of dmitry merezhkovsky is the russian version of the gothic novel. his novels	The genre of Dmitry Merezhkovsky is
1	india	the original country of kathakali is kerala, india. it is a dance form that	The original country of Kathakali is
1	netherlands	the country of zeeland is a small country in the north of the netherlands.	The country of Zeeland is
0	january	february follows the month of the year in which the first day	February follows
0	english	frances eliza hodgson burnett writing languages

the following is a list of the writing	Frances Eliza Hodgson Burnett writing languages
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of polar bear is "least concern".

the iuc	The IUCN conservation status of polar bear is
1	area	the measured physical quantity of acre is the area of a square foot. the area of	The measured physical quantity of acre is
1	basketball	the sport played by pete maravich is basketball. he is a basketball player. he is	The sport played by Pete Maravich is
1	india	the country of nagpur is located in the state of maharashtra in india. nag	The country of Nagpur is
1	german	the language of die welt is a german dialect, which is spoken in the german	The language of Die Welt is
0	piano	the instrument of paul reiser is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Paul Reiser is
0	europe	the continent of nazi germany is a vast, sprawling place, and it’	The continent of Nazi Germany is
0	german	the language of symphony no. 9 is a language of the soul. it is a language	The language of Symphony No. 9 is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of domingo faustino sarmiento is argentina.

the country of citizenship of d	The country of citizenship of Domingo Faustino Sarmiento is
1	english	the native language of w. s. gilbert is english, but he wrote his plays in french.	The native language of W. S. Gilbert is
1	france	the country of citizenship of félix faure is france.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Félix Faure is
0	france	the country of citizenship of comte de lautréamont is not known.

biography

com	The country of citizenship of Comte de Lautréamont is
0	mountain	butte is facet of the larger, more complex, and more interesting story	butte is facet of
1	weightlifting	the sport played by international weightlifting federation is a sport that is played by men and women.	The sport played by International Weightlifting Federation is
1	blue	the color of conservative party is red. the color of liberal party is blue.	The color of Conservative Party is
0	hinduism	the religion of lal bahadur shastri is a matter of conjecture. the only thing that is	The religion of Lal Bahadur Shastri is
0	france	the country of citizenship of denis sassou-nguesso is the democratic republic of the congo.

den	The country of citizenship of Denis Sassou-Nguesso is
0	christianity	the religion of bugs moran is a mystery.

the gangster was born	The religion of Bugs Moran is
1	baseball	the sport played by vicente padilla is baseball. he is a pitcher for the chicago cubs	The sport played by Vicente Padilla is
0	english	the language of forever amber is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Forever Amber is
1	english	the language used in tonga is english, but the people speak in a dialect that	The language used in Tonga is
0	english	the language of marvel cinematic universe is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Marvel Cinematic Universe is
0	emi	the record label of maria callas is releasing a new album of her recordings. the album	The record label of Maria Callas is
0	cambodia	the country of coalition government of democratic kampuchea is a small, landlocked, impoverished country in southeast	The country of Coalition Government of Democratic Kampuchea is
1	montenegrin	the languages spoken, written or signed by nicholas i of montenegro is:

montenegrin

the official	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nicholas I of Montenegro is
1	english	the official language of nebraska is english. however, the state also recognizes the omaha	The official language of Nebraska is
1	lao	the official language of lan xang is lao. the official language of luang pr	The official language of Lan Xang is
0	english	the language of the lord of the rings is a rich and complex one, and tolkien’	The language of The Lord of the Rings is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of simon wiesenthal is israel.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Simon Wiesenthal is
1	english	the native language of jim carrey is english, but he has been speaking spanish for the	The native language of Jim Carrey is
1	scotland	the original country of clydesdale horse is scotland. the breed is named after the town of	The original country of Clydesdale horse is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of roger bannister is "sir".

roger bannister was	The honorific prefix of Roger Bannister is
1	egypt	the country of giza governorate is located in the center of egypt, and it is	The country of Giza Governorate is
0	english	the language of midnight's children is a language of the body, a language of the	The language of Midnight's Children is
1	bangladesh	the country of gazipur, dhaka division is located in the south-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Gazipur, Dhaka Division is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles messier is unknown.

charles messier was born in	The country of citizenship of Charles Messier is
1	lebanon	beirut is capital of lebanon and the largest city in the country. it	Beirut is capital of
0	catholicism	the religion of juan carlos onganía is a mystery.

the former president of argentina	The religion of Juan Carlos Onganía is
1	ecuador	the country of guayaquil is located in the south of ecuador, and is the	The country of Guayaquil is
1	dutch	the native language of harry mulisch is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on the 27	The native language of Harry Mulisch is
1	islam	the religion of abdul rahman al ghafiqi is islam. he was born in the year of the	The religion of Abdul Rahman Al Ghafiqi is
0	limestone	the material used in nefertiti bust is a very fine quality of plaster. it is a	The material used in Nefertiti Bust is
0	blue	the eye color of pitbull is a dark brown. the pitbull eye color is	The eye color of Pitbull is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of glenn ford is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Glenn Ford is
1	iran	the country of amol is located in the north of iran. it is a	The country of Amol is
0	sudan	the country of nile is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Nile is
0	english	the language of popular science is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Popular Science is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gaston flosse is france.

the country of citizenship of gast	The country of citizenship of Gaston Flosse is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of gajah mada is indonesia.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Gajah Mada is
0	colonel	the military rank of william h. crook is not known. he was a member of the 1	The military rank of William H. Crook is
0	bengali	the native language of iajuddin ahmed is urdu. he was born in the city of	The native language of Iajuddin Ahmed is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf clausius is germany.

the country of citizenship of rud	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Clausius is
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe quintais is france.

the country of citizenship of philippe	The country of citizenship of Philippe Quintais is
1	french	the native language of louis de rouvroy, duc de saint-simon is french. he was born in paris in 1775	The native language of Louis de Rouvroy, duc de Saint-Simon is
0	infantry	the military branch of ernst gideon von laudon is the imperial army. the imperial army is the military	The military branch of Ernst Gideon von Laudon is
1	guitar	the instrument of francisco tárrega is a guitar, and the instrument of pablo casals	The instrument of Francisco Tárrega is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of taras shevchenko is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of tar	The country of citizenship of Taras Shevchenko is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ivar kreuger is sweden.

ivar kreuger was	The country of citizenship of Ivar Kreuger is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of eyal golan is israel.

the country of citizenship of ey	The country of citizenship of Eyal Golan is
0	english	the official language of tokelau is tokelauan, a polynesian language	The official language of Tokelau is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of tito guízar is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Tito Guízar is
0	espionage	alfred dreyfus convicted of treason in 1894.

alfred	Alfred Dreyfus convicted of
1	general	the military rank of colin powell is four-star general. he is the only person	The military rank of Colin Powell is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of aristotle onassis is greece.

the country of citizenship of aristotle	The country of citizenship of Aristotle Onassis is
1	hinduism	the official religion of kingdom of mysore is hinduism. the state is a secular state and	The official religion of Kingdom of Mysore is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of bernhard von bülow is germany.

the country of citizenship of bern	The country of citizenship of Bernhard von Bülow is
0	leicestershire	leicester is capital of the east midlands region of england. it is the	Leicester is capital of
0	buddhism	the religion of rick rubin is a secret.

the producer, who has	The religion of Rick Rubin is
0	islam	the religion of qamar-ud-din khan, asaf jah i is a branch of the sufi order of chish	The religion of Qamar-ud-din Khan, Asaf Jah I is
1	english	the language used in cayman islands is english.

cayman islands is a	The language used in Cayman Islands is
1	mecklenburg	schwerin is capital of the state of mecklenburg-vorp	Schwerin is capital of
1	russian	the native language of maria zakharova is russian. she is a russian diplomat and a former	The native language of Maria Zakharova is
0	green	the eye color of shannen doherty is blue.

the eye color of shann	The eye color of Shannen Doherty is
0	piano	the instrument of tori amos is a guitar, and the instrument of tori amos	The instrument of Tori Amos is
0	london	the headquarters location of guinness world records is in the guinness storehouse in dublin, ireland.	The headquarters location of Guinness World Records is
1	112	the emergency phone number of malta is 112.

malta is a member	The emergency phone number of Malta is
0	brown	the eye color of lainie kazan is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Lainie Kazan is
1	piano	the instrument of mariah carey is a piano, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Mariah Carey is
0	goaltender	the team position of dominik hašek is not a secret. he is a goalkeeper. he	The team position of Dominik Hašek is
1	alberta	columbia icefield is located in the canadian rockies, in the province of alberta,	Columbia Icefield is located in
1	africa	the continent of burundi is located in the east african region of africa. it	The continent of Burundi is
0	india	the country of patiala is located in the state of punjab in the northern part	The country of Patiala is
0	sudan	the country of khartoum north is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Khartoum North is
1	tamil	the official language of chennai is tamil. the city is also home to a large	The official language of Chennai is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of shania twain is canada.

shania twain was born on	The country of citizenship of Shania Twain is
0	blue	the eye color of alison brie is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Alison Brie is
0	greeks	the ethnic group of manos hatzidakis is greek. he was born in athens, greece.	The ethnic group of Manos Hatzidakis is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of efren herrera is the philippines.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Efren Herrera is
1	france	the original country of baguette is france. the baguette is a long,	The original country of baguette is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of rumiko takahashi is japan.

rumiko takahashi is	The country of citizenship of Rumiko Takahashi is
1	french	the language used in monaco is a mixture of french and italian. the official language	The language used in Monaco is
0	france	the country of citizenship of raymond loewy is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Raymond Loewy is
0	duke	the noble title of henry v is one of the most famous in english history. the	The noble title of Henry V is
0	japan	the country of tekken is a fictional one, but it is based on the	The country of Tekken is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of sylvia chang is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Sylvia Chang is
0	blue	the eye color of hermann göring is a matter of some controversy. the most common view	The eye color of Hermann Göring is
1	blue	the eye color of jenna jameson is blue.

jenna jameson is a	The eye color of Jenna Jameson is
0	turkey	the country of turkish cuisine is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Turkish cuisine is
1	kuwait	the country of citizenship of ahmad al-jaber al-sabah is kuwait.

the country of citizenship of ahmad	The country of citizenship of Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah is
1	basketball	the sport played by chicago bulls is basketball. the sport played by the chicago bulls is	The sport played by Chicago Bulls is
0	nepal	the country of pokhara is located in the heart of the himalayas,	The country of Pokhara is
0	catholicism	the religion of ariana grande is a mystery.

the pop star, who	The religion of Ariana Grande is
1	islam	the religion of fatimid caliphate is a branch of islam. it is a sunni branch	The religion of Fatimid caliphate is
1	brazil	the country of mato grosso do sul is located in the south of brazil, in the state	The country of Mato Grosso do Sul is
1	indonesia	jakarta is located in the province of west java, indonesia. it is	Jakarta is located in
0	blue	the eye color of christie brinkley is a mystery.

the model, who has	The eye color of Christie Brinkley is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of bulat okudzhava is russia.

bulat okudzhava	The country of citizenship of Bulat Okudzhava is
1	romania	the country of timișoara is located in the north-eastern part of romania	The country of Timișoara is
1	germany	the country of university of freiburg is located in the south of germany. the university is	The country of University of Freiburg is
1	english	the native language of ann coulter is english. she was born in new york city,	The native language of Ann Coulter is
1	guitar	the instrument of paul sanchez is a guitar. it is a guitar that is not	The instrument of Paul Sanchez is
1	indonesia	the country of sunda strait is located in the western part of indonesia. it is	The country of Sunda Strait is
0	guitar	the instrument of thomas sankara is the only one that has been able to bring the	The instrument of Thomas Sankara is
1	english	the official language of nova scotia is english.

the official language of new brunswick	The official language of Nova Scotia is
1	africa	the continent of sennar sultanate is located in the north of africa. it is a	The continent of Sennar Sultanate is
1	russian	the official language of republic of kalmykia is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Republic of Kalmykia is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bob hawke is australia.

the country of citizenship of bob	The country of citizenship of Bob Hawke is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of morris west is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Morris West is
0	autumn	summer is followed by a long, cold winter.

the first	summer is followed by
0	catholicism	the religion of eloy alfaro is a mystery.

the former president of venezuela	The religion of Eloy Alfaro is
0	baseball	the sport played by jason grilli is a game of inches.

the closer is	The sport played by Jason Grilli is
0	islam	the religion of ismail i is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Ismail I is
0	russia	the country of klyuchevskaya sopka is a small, mountainous republic in the far north of	The country of Klyuchevskaya Sopka is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of dioner navarro is the dominican republic.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Dioner Navarro is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of turgut özal is turkey.

the country of citizenship of recep	The country of citizenship of Turgut Özal is
1	canada	ottawa is capital of canada and the seat of the federal government. it	Ottawa is capital of
0	africa	the continent of biafra is a land of beauty and mystery. it is a	The continent of Biafra is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gérard philipe is france.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Gérard Philipe is
0	netherlands	the country of royal dutch shell is a very interesting one. it is a country that	The country of Royal Dutch Shell is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of aluísio azevedo is brazil.

the country of citizenship of al	The country of citizenship of Aluísio Azevedo is
0	antarctica	the continent of french southern and antarctic lands is home to a number of unique and fascinating species.	The continent of French Southern and Antarctic Lands is
0	colonel	the military rank of gordon cooper is captain.

gordon cooper was born on may	The military rank of Gordon Cooper is
1	basketball	the sport played by clyde drexler is basketball. the sport played by clyde drexler	The sport played by Clyde Drexler is
1	english	the native language of michelle williams is english, but she has been speaking french since she	The native language of Michelle Williams is
0	basketball	the sport played by nick nolte is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Nick Nolte is
0	egypt	monufia governorate is located in the north-eastern part of the country.	Monufia Governorate is located in
0	red	the color of litchi chinensis is a very important factor in determining the quality of the	The color of Litchi chinensis is
0	turkey	the country of istanbul is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Istanbul is
0	basketball	the sport played by sleepy floyd is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Sleepy Floyd is
1	malaysia	kelantan is located in the north of the malaysian state of kelantan	Kelantan is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of leif garrett is a small, black box with a single button.	The instrument of Leif Garrett is
1	ukraine	volyn oblast is located in the north-east of ukraine. it is the	Volyn Oblast is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois-marie raoult is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François-Marie Raoult is
1	internet	online shaming is facet of a larger problem

the internet is a great	online shaming is facet of
0	africa	the continent of senegal is a beautiful place to visit. it is a country	The continent of Senegal is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by ugo foscolo is italian, french, english, latin, and greek	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ugo Foscolo is
1	christianity	the official religion of kingdom of northumbria is christianity. the church of england is the established church	The official religion of Kingdom of Northumbria is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of devon terrell is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Devon Terrell is
0	moscow	the residence of vladimir putin is a fortress. it is a place where the russian	The residence of Vladimir Putin is
0	bribery	luiz inácio 'lula' da silva convicted of corruption and money laundering in brazil published duration 20 march	Luiz Inácio 'Lula' da Silva convicted of
1	morocco	rabat is capital of the kingdom of morocco. it is the second largest	Rabat is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis gallet is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis Gallet is
0	afghan	the country of citizenship of muhammad of ghor is disputed. some sources say that he was born in	The country of citizenship of Muhammad of Ghor is
1	french	luc de clapiers, marquis de vauvenargues writing languages, and the french revolution

the french revolution	Luc de Clapiers, marquis de Vauvenargues writing languages
0	iraq	the country of nineveh is a land of many wonders. the people of nine	The country of Nineveh is
0	babylon	the capital of achaemenid empire is the city of persepolis. it is located	The capital of Achaemenid Empire is
0	guitar	the instrument of desi arnaz is a very good instrument. it is a very good	The instrument of Desi Arnaz is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of china state railway group co.,ltd. is located in the city of beijing, china. the	The headquarters location of China State Railway Group Co.,Ltd. is
0	christianity	the religion of roger ii of sicily is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Roger II of Sicily is
1	pakistan	gilgit-baltistan is located in the north-western part of pakistan. it is	Gilgit-Baltistan is located in
1	indonesia	the country of south kalimantan is located in the indonesian province of borneo.	The country of South Kalimantan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques anquetil is france.

the country of citizenship of ed	The country of citizenship of Jacques Anquetil is
1	violin	the instrument of jane morgan is a violin, and the instrument of the other is	The instrument of Jane Morgan is
1	argentina	the country of mendoza is located in the center of argentina, in the province	The country of Mendoza is
0	germany	bonn is capital of the german state of north rhine-westph	Bonn is capital of
0	spanish	vicente aleixandre writing languages

vicente aleixandre (;	Vicente Aleixandre writing languages
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of ireland is a land of many different cultures and traditions. the	The continent of Kingdom of Ireland is
1	french	the language of pensées is a mixture of french and latin, and the latin	The language of Pensées is
1	baseball	the sport played by josé bautista is baseball. he is a right-handed batter and	The sport played by José Bautista is
0	judaism	the religion of primo levi is a mystery. he was a jew, a survivor	The religion of Primo Levi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of belinda montgomery is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Belinda Montgomery is
0	afar	the language used in somali region is somali, a member of the afro-as	The language used in Somali Region is
1	guitar	the instrument of john denver is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of John Denver is
1	asia	the continent of kingdom of sikkim is located in the himalayan region of south asia.	The continent of Kingdom of Sikkim is
1	english	the native language of john horton conway is english. he was born in new york city on	The native language of John Horton Conway is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dimple kapadia is india.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Dimple Kapadia is
0	rome	the headquarters location of ferrovie dello stato italiane is in the city of milan, italy. the company	The headquarters location of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane is
0	germany	the country of munich u-bahn is a city of the german state of bavaria.	The country of Munich U-Bahn is
0	argentina	the original country of ficciones is the fictional country of ficción, which	The original country of Ficciones is
0	italy	the country of italian peninsula is located in the south of europe. it is b	The country of Italian Peninsula is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of buffy sainte-marie is canada.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Buffy Sainte-Marie is
1	india	the country of citizenship of naushad is india.

the country of citizenship of na	The country of citizenship of Naushad is
1	snooker	the sport played by world snooker tour is a game of skill, strategy and luck. the	The sport played by World Snooker Tour is
0	africa	the continent of zimbabwe is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Zimbabwe is
0	malaysia	the country of airasia is a small island in the south pacific ocean, with	The country of AirAsia is
0	bonaparte	the family name of napoleon iii is derived from the french word "napoléon	The family name of Napoleon III is
0	belgium	the country of limburgish is a small country in the netherlands. it is located	The country of Limburgish is
1	persian	the official language of mashhad is persian.

history

the city of	The official language of Mashhad is
1	ottawa	canada science and technology museum is located in the heart of the city of ottawa, ontario,	Canada Science and Technology Museum is located in
1	madison	the capital of wisconsin is madison, a city of about 100,000 people	The capital of Wisconsin is
0	piano	the instrument of charlie peacock is a guitar, and the instrument of charlie peac	The instrument of Charlie Peacock is
1	english	the native language of orlando jones is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Orlando Jones is
0	philippines	the country of taguig is a place where you can find a lot of things	The country of Taguig is
1	republic	the basic form of government of republic of dahomey is a constitutional monarchy. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Republic of Dahomey is
1	poland	polish is indigenous to poland, and is spoken by about 10 million people	Polish is indigenous to
0	baseball	the sport played by gene conley is a sport of the past. it is a sport	The sport played by Gene Conley is
1	cantonese	the native language of cy leung is cantonese. he is a graduate of the	The native language of CY Leung is
0	german	the language used in ústí nad labem region is czech.

history

the first written	The language used in Ústí nad Labem Region is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of john mccrae is canada.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of John McCrae is
0	islam	the religion of mehmet okur is the same as the religion of the entire turkish people	The religion of Mehmet Okur is
1	arabic	the official language of rashidun caliphates is arabic. the language of the quran is arabic.	The official language of Rashidun Caliphates is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of koala is "least concern". the species faces no immediate	The IUCN conservation status of koala is
1	nigeria	the country of abia state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Abia State is
1	venezuela	the country of caracas metro is the capital of venezuela. it is the largest city	The country of Caracas Metro is
1	spanish	the official language of chile is spanish. the official language of the country is spanish	The official language of Chile is
1	spain	melilla is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous community of	Melilla is located in
1	mexico	the country of zacatecas is located in the center of mexico, in the state	The country of Zacatecas is
1	nepali	the official language of nepal is nepali. the nepali language is a member	The official language of Nepal is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of else lasker-schüler is germany.

the country of citizenship of else	The country of citizenship of Else Lasker-Schüler is
0	islam	the religion of muhammad ʿabdallah hasan is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Muhammad ʿAbdallah Hasan is
0	pitcher	the team position of john burkett is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of John Burkett is
1	english	the official language of british virgin islands is english.

the official religion of british virgin	The official language of British Virgin Islands is
1	dutch	the native language of jacobus henricus van 't hoff is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on april 20	The native language of Jacobus Henricus van 't Hoff is
1	sudan	the country of khartoum is located in the north of sudan. it is the	The country of Khartoum is
1	myanmar	burmese is indigenous to myanmar (burma), and is spoken by the	Burmese is indigenous to
0	turkey	the original country of muhteşem yüzyıl is a fictional country in the turkish novel and film m	The original country of Muhteşem Yüzyıl is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of garry kasparov is russia.

garry kasparov is	The country of citizenship of Garry Kasparov is
0	italy	the country of ponte sant'angelo is a small, mountainous country in the far south of	The country of Ponte Sant'Angelo is
1	uruguay	montevideo is capital of uruguay, a country of 3.5 million people	Montevideo is capital of
0	christianity	the religion of matthew mcconaughey is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Matthew McConaughey is
1	bulgaria	the country for sport played by hristo stoichkov is bulgaria.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Hristo Stoichkov is
1	israel	the participant of six-day war is a young man who is a member of the israeli	The participant of Six-Day War is
1	france	the country of rhône is located in the south of france. it is a	The country of Rhône is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of jorge luis borges is argentina.

jorge luis borges was	The country of citizenship of Jorge Luis Borges is
0	antarctica	the continent of amundsen sea is located in the southern part of the pacific ocean.	The continent of Amundsen Sea is
0	italy	the original country of lives of the most excellent painters, sculptors, and architects is unknown. the first printed edition was published in 15	The original country of Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects is
1	india	the country of noida is a city in the indian state of uttar pradesh.	The country of Noida is
1	islam	the religion of mahershala ali is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Mahershala Ali is
1	romanian	the official language of iasi is romanian.

history

the city of	The official language of Iasi is
0	maharashtra	pune is located in the western part of india. it is the second	Pune is located in
0	brown	the eye color of cece peniston is a very rare color, which is called "c	The eye color of CeCe Peniston is
0	france	the country of aven armand is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people are	The country of Aven Armand is
1	english	the native language of mara wilson is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Mara Wilson is
1	english	the language of steamboat willie is a dialect of american english, and the dialect of	The language of Steamboat Willie is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of boutros boutros-ghali is lebanon.

the country of birth of bout	The country of citizenship of Boutros Boutros-Ghali is
1	africa	the continent of djibouti is located in the horn of africa, and is b	The continent of Djibouti is
0	islam	the religion of naguib mahfouz is a mystery. he was born in cairo in 1911	The religion of Naguib Mahfouz is
0	hesse	lower saxony shares a border with the state of brandenburg.

history	Lower Saxony shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène scribe is france.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Eugène Scribe is
0	latin	the official language of kingdom of germany is german.

the official language of the federal	The official language of Kingdom of Germany is
1	germany	the country of bonn is a small, but very beautiful, country in germany	The country of Bonn is
0	wellington	the capital of north island is auckland, which is the largest city in new zealand	The capital of North Island is
0	delaware	dover is capital of kent, england, and the largest city in the	Dover is capital of
1	russia	the country of yamalo-nenets autonomous okrug is located in the northwest of russia, in the arctic	The country of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug is
0	emi	the record label of alan parsons is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The record label of Alan Parsons is
0	baseball	the sport played by larry bowa is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Larry Bowa is
1	japan	the country of jujutsu is japan. the country of judo is japan.	The country of jujutsu is
1	english	the native language of andrew heiskell is english. heiskell is a native of the	The native language of Andrew Heiskell is
1	ukraine	the country of volyn oblast is located in the north-western part of ukraine.	The country of Volyn Oblast is
0	brown	the eye color of julianna guill is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Julianna Guill is
0	basketball	the sport played by bob mcadoo is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bob McAdoo is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of arthur guinness is ireland.

the country of citizenship of arthur	The country of citizenship of Arthur Guinness is
1	saxophone	the instrument of john zorn is a combination of the saxophone and the guitar.	The instrument of John Zorn is
1	french	the native language of saïd taghmaoui is french. he was born in the parisian suburb	The native language of Saïd Taghmaoui is
1	islam	the religion of hamad bin khalifa al thani is islam.

early life

hamad	The religion of Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani is
0	islam	the religion of humayun is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Humayun is
1	english	the native language of apsley cherry-garrard is english.

biography

cherry	The native language of Apsley Cherry-Garrard is
0	english	the language of the moviegoer is a kind of poetry, and it is a kind	The language of The Moviegoer is
1	charlemagne	carolingian empire named after charlemagne

the carolingian empire	Carolingian Empire named after
0	australia	the country of citizenship of louisa lawson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Louisa Lawson is
1	india	the country of citizenship of pranab mukherjee is india.

the country of citizenship of raj	The country of citizenship of Pranab Mukherjee is
0	english	the native language of stan lee is spanish.

stan lee was born stanley martin	The native language of Stan Lee is
1	bronze	bronze age named after the first known inhabitants of the area, the bronze	Bronze Age named after
1	belgium	flanders is located in the north of belgium, and is the most densely	Flanders is located in
0	112	the emergency phone number of afghanistan is +93-1-981-4444	The emergency phone number of Afghanistan is
0	russian	the native language of yuriy sedykh is ukrainian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Yuriy Sedykh is
0	danish	the language used in schleswig-holstein is a dialect of low german, which is a german	The language used in Schleswig-Holstein is
0	baseball	the sport played by ty cobb is a game of strategy, and the strategy of the	The sport played by Ty Cobb is
1	guitar	the instrument of carlos gardel is a guitar, and the instrument of the great argentine	The instrument of Carlos Gardel is
0	112	the emergency phone number of andorra is: +376 (0)21 971 8	The emergency phone number of Andorra is
0	baseball	the sport played by brian fuentes is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Brian Fuentes is
1	arabic	the official language of kingdom of jerusalem is arabic.

history

the kingdom of	The official language of Kingdom of Jerusalem is
1	latin	the official language of holy see is latin.

history

the holy see	The official language of Holy See is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of itzhak perlman is israel.

the country of citizenship of it	The country of citizenship of Itzhak Perlman is
0	chinese	the language of romance of the three kingdoms is a fictional language created by luo guanzhong.	The language of Romance of the Three Kingdoms is
1	islam	the religion of omar sy is islam. he is a muslim.

the	The religion of Omar Sy is
0	tenor	the voice type of mohammad-reza shajarian is a very important factor in the success of his work	The voice type of Mohammad-Reza Shajarian is
0	baseball	the sport played by woody williams is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Woody Williams is
0	jazz	the genre of norah jones is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Norah Jones is
0	germany	the country of johannes gutenberg university mainz is a small, but very important, part of the	The country of Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz is
0	emi	the record label of massive attack is releasing a new album by the band. the album	The record label of Massive Attack is
1	violin	the instrument of jascha heifetz is a violin. the instrument of jascha heif	The instrument of Jascha Heifetz is
1	england	the original country of the history of tom jones, a foundling is england. the story is set in the 17th	The original country of The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling is
1	doctorate	the academic degree of gerard 't hooft is a doctorate in theoretical physics. he is a	The academic degree of Gerard 't Hooft is
1	english	the language of u.s.a. is english.

the language of u.k	The language of U.S.A. is
1	france	the country of citizenship of edgar degas is france.

the country of citizenship of edgar	The country of citizenship of Edgar Degas is
0	english	the language of the dick van dyke show is a little bit like the language of the mary tyler	The language of The Dick Van Dyke Show is
0	catalonia	catalan is indigenous to the iberian peninsula, and is spoken by	Catalan is indigenous to
0	wood	the material used in chinampa is a mixture of clay, sand, and water.	The material used in Chinampa is
0	france	french is indigenous to the americas. it is the official language of canada	French is indigenous to
0	nintendo	the publisher of pokémon go is planning to release a new version of the game in	The publisher of Pokémon Go is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve carlton is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Steve Carlton is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of alberto dines is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Alberto Dines is
0	hinduism	the religion of karisma kapoor is a mystery. she is a devout hindu, but	The religion of Karisma Kapoor is
1	murder	tiburcio vásquez convicted of murder in the death of a new york city police	Tiburcio Vásquez convicted of
1	france	the country of citizenship of joseph louis gay-lussac is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac is
1	english	the language of the prince and the pauper is a mixture of english and latin. the latin is	The language of The Prince and the Pauper is
0	france	the country of citizenship of albert i, prince of monaco is monaco.

the country of citizenship of albert	The country of citizenship of Albert I, Prince of Monaco is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of ahmose i is not mentioned in the turin canon, but it	The noble title of Ahmose I is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pablo de sarasate is spain.

the country of citizenship of pablo	The country of citizenship of Pablo de Sarasate is
0	english	the language of the west wing is a little bit like the language of the wire.	The language of The West Wing is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of aceh is located in the capital city of the province, b	The office held by head of government of Aceh is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of alan young is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Alan Young is
0	france	the country of siege of orléans is a fictional country in the video game assassin's creed	The country of Siege of Orléans is
0	islam	the religion of yousef abu-taleb is a mystery.

the palestinian-american,	The religion of Yousef Abu-Taleb is
0	navarre	basque is indigenous to the basque country, a region in the north	Basque is indigenous to
1	islam	the religion of mohammed omar is islam.

the religion of mohammed omar is	The religion of Mohammed Omar is
1	murder	robert sorrells convicted of murder in the first degree

the defendant,	Robert Sorrells convicted of
0	javanese	the language used in sulawesi is a mixture of malay, indonesian, and aust	The language used in Sulawesi is
0	count	the noble title of helmuth von moltke the elder is one of the most famous in german history. he	The noble title of Helmuth von Moltke the Elder is
0	germany	the country of egyptian museum of berlin is a place where you can find the most famous and	The country of Egyptian Museum of Berlin is
0	basketball	the sport played by bettino craxi is a game of skill, not chance. it is	The sport played by Bettino Craxi is
1	english	the language of i love lucy is a mixture of english and spanish. the spanish words	The language of I Love Lucy is
1	english	the native language of dick york is english, but he has been a lifelong fan of	The native language of Dick York is
1	italy	the country of palermo is located in the south of italy, and is the	The country of Palermo is
1	mexico	the country of acapulco is located in the state of guerrero, mexico. it	The country of Acapulco is
0	hinduism	the religion of ashok kumar is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Ashok Kumar is
1	reggae	the genre of bob marley and the wailers is a very broad one. it includes reggae,	The genre of Bob Marley and the Wailers is
0	france	the country of citizenship of andré derain is unknown.

andré derain was born	The country of citizenship of André Derain is
0	english	the language of the cosby show is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of The Cosby Show is
0	chicago	the residence of barack obama is a two-story, three-bedroom, two	The residence of Barack Obama is
1	japan	the country of tottori prefecture is located in the chūgoku region of japan	The country of Tottori Prefecture is
0	judaism	the religion of gabriel lippmann is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Gabriel Lippmann is
1	english	the official language of sierra leone is english.

the official religion of sierra leone	The official language of Sierra Leone is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of fernando valenzuela is mexico.

the country of citizenship of fernando	The country of citizenship of Fernando Valenzuela is
0	catholicism	the religion of mary astor is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The religion of Mary Astor is
1	france	the country of citizenship of ferdinand foch is france.

ferdinand foch was born	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand Foch is
1	germany	the country of rostock is located in the north of germany. it is a	The country of Rostock is
1	sioux	the native language of sitting bull is lakota, a sioux language. he was born	The native language of Sitting Bull is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of sigrid undset is norway.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sigrid Undset is
1	french	the native language of jean-paul belmondo is french, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Jean-Paul Belmondo is
0	english	the language used in mtv is not the language of the people. it is the	The language used in MTV is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sridevi is india.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sridevi is
1	captain	the military rank of jack swigert is captain.

the military rank of fred ha	The military rank of Jack Swigert is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad bin saud is islam. the religion of the saudi royal family is	The religion of Muhammad bin Saud is
1	french	the native language of louis jules trochu is french.

biography

trochu	The native language of Louis Jules Trochu is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giorgio de chirico is italy.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Giorgio de Chirico is
1	english	the native language of eleanor roosevelt is not english, but she was born in new york	The native language of Eleanor Roosevelt is
1	russian	the official language of khanty-mansi autonomous okrug is russian.

history

the khanty	The official language of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul foucher is france.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Foucher is
0	blue	the color of university of iowa is red. the color of iowa state university is red	The color of University of Iowa is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by alberico gentili is:

italian

alberico gent	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alberico Gentili is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of dwayne johnson is the united states of america.

dwayne	The country of citizenship of Dwayne Johnson is
1	french	the native language of henry de montherlant is french. he was born in paris in 1908 and	The native language of Henry de Montherlant is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of arnold schoenberg is austria.

the country of citizenship of anton	The country of citizenship of Arnold Schoenberg is
0	112	the emergency phone number of papua new guinea is +675-2.

papua	The emergency phone number of Papua New Guinea is
0	ghana	the country of lake volta is a land of contrasts. the capital, akos	The country of Lake Volta is
1	india	the country of citizenship of mithali raj is india.

the country of citizenship of har	The country of citizenship of Mithali Raj is
1	greece	the original country of greek cuisine is greece. the greek cuisine is a combination of the	The original country of Greek cuisine is
0	baseball	the sport played by leon durham is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Leon Durham is
0	croatia	zagreb is located in the heart of the country, in the middle of	Zagreb is located in
1	indonesia	the country of central kalimantan is located in the indonesian province of borneo.	The country of Central Kalimantan is
1	california	sacramento is capital of california, and the state’s largest city	Sacramento is capital of
1	english	the language used in southern england is a dialect of the english language, which is spoken	The language used in Southern England is
0	taiwan	the country of taipei is a city-state in east asia, located in	The country of Taipei is
0	guitar	the instrument of meghan andrews is a violin. she plays it with a passion and	The instrument of Meghan Andrews is
0	france	the original country of danse macabre is the french word for "dance of death."	The original country of danse macabre is
1	baseball	the sport played by willie mccovey is baseball. the sport played by willie mccovey	The sport played by Willie McCovey is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of meet the press is nbc news. the current host is chuck todd.	The original broadcaster of Meet the Press is
1	malayalam	the official language of thiruvananthapuram is malayalam. the state has a rich cultural	The official language of Thiruvananthapuram is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of sadegh hedayat is iran.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sadegh Hedayat is
1	bavaria	munich is capital of the german state of bavaria. it is the	Munich is capital of
1	russia	kabardino-balkaria is located in the north caucasus region of russia. it is a	Kabardino-Balkaria is located in
1	french	the native language of leslie caron is french. she was born in paris, france,	The native language of Leslie Caron is
1	baghdad	the capital of iraq is baghdad. the capital of iraq is baghdad. the	The capital of Iraq is
0	mongolia	the country of citizenship of nogai khan is russia.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Nogai Khan is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of grock is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Grock is
0	brown	the eye color of itahisa machado is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Itahisa Machado is
1	hinduism	the religion of sena dynasty is hinduism. the sena dynasty was founded by	The religion of Sena dynasty is
0	africa	the continent of congo free state is a vast, mostly unexplored, and largely unknown	The continent of Congo Free State is
1	tonga	the country of citizenship of george tupou i is tonga.

george tupou i was	The country of citizenship of George Tupou I is
1	japan	the original country of sukiyaki is japan, but it is now popular in many other	The original country of sukiyaki is
0	republic	the basic form of government of zaire is a presidential system. the president is elected by popular	The basic form of government of Zaire is
0	kerala	kochi is located in the southernmost tip of india, and is the	Kochi is located in
0	india	the country of lucknow is a city of the past. it is a city	The country of Lucknow is
0	catholicism	the religion of guy fawkes is a mystery.

the only thing we know	The religion of Guy Fawkes is
1	october	september is followed by the month of october, which is followed by november	September is followed by
0	israel	the country of hebrew is a country of many languages. the language of the	The country of Hebrew is
0	islam	the religion of genta ismajli is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Genta Ismajli is
1	french	the native language of blaise cendrars is french, but he was born in algeria and spent	The native language of Blaise Cendrars is
1	english	the language used in antigua and barbuda is english, with a few words of creole.	The language used in Antigua and Barbuda is
0	russia	the country of moscow is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Moscow is
1	b	the blood type of john dimaggio is a, and he is a member of the a	The blood type of John DiMaggio is
1	french	the native language of augustin robespierre is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Augustin Robespierre is
1	french	the native language of georges clemenceau is french, but he was born in marseille,	The native language of Georges Clemenceau is
1	tibetan	the language used in tibet autonomous region is tibetan. the official language of the region is tibetan	The language used in Tibet Autonomous Region is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carl maria von weber is germany.

the country of citizenship of carl	The country of citizenship of Carl Maria von Weber is
1	japan	miyagi prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is bordered by	Miyagi Prefecture is located in
0	capcom	the developer of resident evil is back with a new game.

the new	The developer of Resident Evil is
0	duke	the noble title of louis vii of france is the most famous of all the french royal titles.	The noble title of Louis VII of France is
0	worldwide	the operating area of greenpeace is the world. we are a global movement of people	The operating area of Greenpeace is
1	french	the native language of jean dujardin is french, but he has been working in english-	The native language of Jean Dujardin is
0	tehran	the residence of nazanin boniadi is a small, two-story house in the middle	The residence of Nazanin Boniadi is
0	blue	the eye color of denise richards is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Denise Richards is
0	london	the headquarters location of the salvation army is in the city of chicago, illinois. the salvation	The headquarters location of The Salvation Army is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of patrick pearse is ireland.

the country of citizenship of patrick	The country of citizenship of Patrick Pearse is
1	blue	the eye color of pamela anderson is blue.

pamela anderson is a	The eye color of Pamela Anderson is
1	europe	the continent of baltic sea is located in the northern part of europe. it is	The continent of Baltic Sea is
1	a	the blood type of rumiko takahashi is a+ and her favorite food is sushi. she	The blood type of Rumiko Takahashi is
1	italian	the language used in kingdom of sardinia is a dialect of italian, which is spoken in the	The language used in Kingdom of Sardinia is
1	austria	the country of hoher dachstein is located in the alps, in the south of austria	The country of Hoher Dachstein is
1	france	the country of citizenship of isabelle adjani is france.

the country of citizenship of isabel	The country of citizenship of Isabelle Adjani is
0	piano	the instrument of sarah vaughan is a voice that is both warm and cool, a	The instrument of Sarah Vaughan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of tito vuolo is italy.

the country of citizenship of tit	The country of citizenship of Tito Vuolo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gabriel fauré is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Fauré is
1	mexico	the country of morelos is located in the central part of mexico, in the	The country of Morelos is
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of italy is a large landmass in the northern part of the	The continent of Kingdom of Italy is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of edith gonzález is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Edith González is
1	portuguese	the language of os lusíadas is a mixture of portuguese and latin, and the poem	The language of Os Lusíadas is
0	france	the country of citizenship of patrick dewaere is belgium.

the country of citizenship of patrick	The country of citizenship of Patrick Dewaere is
1	pitcher	the team position of lefty grove is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Lefty Grove is
0	english	the language of the double helix is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Double Helix is
1	oman	muscat is capital of the sultanate of oman. it is located on	Muscat is capital of
1	india	manipur is located in the north-eastern part of india. it	Manipur is located in
0	english	the language of articles of confederation is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Articles of Confederation is
0	australia	the country of south east point is a small, but very beautiful island in the caribbean	The country of South East Point is
1	brazil	the country of piauí is located in the northeast of brazil, and is the	The country of Piauí is
1	spanish	the official language of francoist spain is spanish, but the country was also home to a	The official language of Francoist Spain is
0	pirate	piracy practiced by the government of the united states.

the	piracy practiced by
0	christianity	the religion of joseph saidu momoh is a religion of the yoruba people. it is	The religion of Joseph Saidu Momoh is
0	asia	the continent of kingdom of pontus is located in the eastern part of the world. it	The continent of Kingdom of Pontus is
0	catholicism	the religion of paolo gentiloni is the religion of the italian state.

the	The religion of Paolo Gentiloni is
0	duke	the noble title of henry v of england is one of the most famous in the world. he	The noble title of Henry V of England is
0	asia	the continent of thailand is a popular tourist destination, and the country is home	The continent of Thailand is
1	microsoft	the manufacturer of windows vista is microsoft, and the company is a publicly traded company	The manufacturer of Windows Vista is
0	999	the emergency phone number of kiribati is +680.

kiribati is	The emergency phone number of Kiribati is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of inger stevens is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Inger Stevens is
1	russian	the native language of leonid gaidai is russian. he was born in moscow in 1953.	The native language of Leonid Gaidai is
1	hanover	leibniz university hannover is located in the heart of the hanover region, in the	Leibniz University Hannover is located in
1	goalkeeper	the team position of iker casillas is not in doubt. the goalkeeper is the best in	The team position of Iker Casillas is
0	blue	the eye color of katie featherston is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Katie Featherston is
1	piano	the instrument of dmitri shostakovich is a piano. the piano is a musical instrument that	The instrument of Dmitri Shostakovich is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of bai chongxi is china.

the country of citizenship of bai	The country of citizenship of Bai Chongxi is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of yasser arafat is not known.

yasser arafat was	The ethnic group of Yasser Arafat is
1	guitar	the instrument of tom petty is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Tom Petty is
1	islam	the religion of ilham aliyev is islam. he is a sunni muslim.	The religion of Ilham Aliyev is
1	french	the official language of quebec is french. english is the second official language of canada	The official language of Quebec is
0	english	the language of o captain! my captain! is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of O Captain! My Captain! is
0	voice	the instrument of aria is a musical instrument that is used to play the music	The instrument of Aria is
1	fantasy	the genre of j. r. r. tolkien is known as “high fantasy”. this	The genre of J. R. R. Tolkien is
1	syria	the country of citizenship of asma al-assad is syria.

the country of citizenship of bashar	The country of citizenship of Asma al-Assad is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of recep tayyip erdoğan is turkey.

the country of citizenship of recep	The country of citizenship of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is
0	piano	the instrument of andrás schiff is a violin, and the instrument of györgy	The instrument of András Schiff is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles gounod is france.

charles gounod was born	The country of citizenship of Charles Gounod is
0	motown	the record label of berry gordy is the most successful record label in the history of the	The record label of Berry Gordy is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of guido cappellini is italy.

the country of citizenship of gu	The country of citizenship of Guido Cappellini is
1	french	the native language of irène bordoni is french. she was born in paris, france.	The native language of Irène Bordoni is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of ounce is the weight of a volume of water. the unit	The measured physical quantity of ounce is
1	tenor	the voice type of andrea bocelli is a tenor.

andrea bocell	The voice type of Andrea Bocelli is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of claudia cardinale is italy.

the country of citizenship of claudia	The country of citizenship of Claudia Cardinale is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg christoph lichtenberg is germany.

the country of citizenship of johann	The country of citizenship of Georg Christoph Lichtenberg is
0	baseball	the sport played by josh johnson is a game of inches.

the right-	The sport played by Josh Johnson is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of emilio aguinaldo is the philippines.

emilio aguinal	The country of citizenship of Emilio Aguinaldo is
0	tenor	the voice type of marc anthony is a very important factor in the success of his career	The voice type of Marc Anthony is
0	egypt	the country of rosetta stone is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people are	The country of Rosetta Stone is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques-martin hotteterre is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Jacques-Martin Hotteterre is
1	english	the native language of hulk is english.

hulk is a fictional character	The native language of Hulk is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ahmad ibn ʿabdallah is a syncretic religion that combines elements of islam	The religion of Muhammad Ahmad ibn ʿAbdallah is
0	english	the language of the wall street journal is a bit more colorful than the language of the new	The language of The Wall Street Journal is
1	murder	peter sutcliffe convicted of murdering 13-year-old girl

peter	Peter Sutcliffe convicted of
1	bengali	the language used in tripura is a mixture of bengali, assamese and	The language used in Tripura is
0	islam	the religion of rumi is a religion of love. it is a religion of	The religion of Rumi is
1	khmer	the official language of kingdom of cambodia is khmer. the official religion is theravada	The official language of Kingdom of Cambodia is
0	london	the residence of alfred hitchcock is a museum, a shrine to the man who made	The residence of Alfred Hitchcock is
1	bengali	the native language of abanindranath tagore is bengali. he was born in 1871 in	The native language of Abanindranath Tagore is
1	french	the native language of hervé villechaize is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Hervé Villechaize is
0	english	dante gabriel rossetti writing languages

dante gabriel rossetti (1828	Dante Gabriel Rossetti writing languages
0	english	the language of the open society and its enemies is a dense, complex, and often impenetr	The language of The Open Society and Its Enemies is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of nicklas lidström is sweden.

international career
lidstr	The country of citizenship of Nicklas Lidström is
0	france	the country of citizenship of tina aumont is canada.

the country of citizenship of tina	The country of citizenship of Tina Aumont is
0	emi	the record label of freddie mercury is planning to release a new album of queen songs in	The record label of Freddie Mercury is
1	guitar	the instrument of corey glover is a guitar, and the instrument of corey glover is	The instrument of Corey Glover is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marguerite gourdan is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Marguerite Gourdan is
1	haryana	delhi shares a border with the states of punjab, haryana, raj	Delhi shares a border with
1	guitar	the instrument of bret harrison is a guitar, and the instrument of bret harrison is	The instrument of Bret Harrison is
0	canada	the country of montreal is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Montreal is
1	hebrew	the native language of moshe dayan is hebrew, but he speaks english with a heavy israeli	The native language of Moshe Dayan is
1	russia	the country of republic of buryatia is located in the north of russia. it is a	The country of Republic of Buryatia is
0	geneva	the headquarters location of médecins sans frontières is in brussels, belgium.

history	The headquarters location of Médecins Sans Frontières is
0	asia	the continent of mongolia is a land of extremes. it is the world�	The continent of Mongolia is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of peja stojaković is unknown.

references

category:ser	The ethnic group of Peja Stojaković is
0	france	the original country of des racines et des ailes is a french-canadian band from quebec. the band	The original country of Des racines et des ailes is
0	euro	the currency of french southern and antarctic lands is the french franc.

french southern and antarctic	The currency of French Southern and Antarctic Lands is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl liebknecht is germany.

the country of citizenship of rosa	The country of citizenship of Karl Liebknecht is
0	india	the country of sanskrit is the land of the vedas, the vedic	The country of Sanskrit is
1	asia	the continent of bhutan is a landlocked country in south asia. it is	The continent of Bhutan is
1	arabic	the native language of bashar al-assad is arabic, but he speaks english with a heavy accent	The native language of Bashar al-Assad is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of toots thielemans is belgium.

toots thielemans	The country of citizenship of Toots Thielemans is
1	guitar	the instrument of ben gibbard is a guitar, and the instrument of death cab for	The instrument of Ben Gibbard is
1	hinduism	the religion of vijayanagara empire is hinduism. the hindu religion is the oldest religion	The religion of Vijayanagara Empire is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of peter lougheed is canada.

the country of citizenship of peter	The country of citizenship of Peter Lougheed is
0	victoria	the capital of vancouver island is a city of contrasts. it’s a	The capital of Vancouver Island is
0	english	the language of bleak house is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Bleak House is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich von brühl is not known.

heinrich von br	The country of citizenship of Heinrich von Brühl is
1	switzerland	aargau is located in the canton of aargau in switzerland.	Aargau is located in
0	basketball	the sport played by jayson williams is a game of inches.

the 6-	The sport played by Jayson Williams is
0	hinduism	the religion of nirupa roy is a mystery. she is a woman of many contradictions	The religion of Nirupa Roy is
1	russian	the native language of alexey leonov is russian. he was born in the city of t	The native language of Alexey Leonov is
0	kiev	the capital of kyivska rus' is the city of kyiv. kyiv is the	The capital of Kyivska Rus' is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of rudolf nureyev is russia.

the country of citizenship of rud	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Nureyev is
1	mali	bamako is capital of the republic of mali, and the largest city in	Bamako is capital of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of rocco siffredi is italy.

rocco siffred	The country of citizenship of Rocco Siffredi is
0	manila	pasay shares a border with the province of cavite, and is the most	Pasay shares a border with
0	india	the country of taj mahal is a land of beauty and peace. it is a	The country of Taj Mahal is
0	piano	the instrument of debbie gibson is a guitar. it is a guitar that is a	The instrument of Debbie Gibson is
0	drum	the instrument of ringo starr is a guitar, and the instrument of george harrison is	The instrument of Ringo Starr is
0	bavaria	baden-württemberg shares a border with the german state of baden-hochsch	Baden-Württemberg shares a border with
0	baseball	the sport played by ray boone is a sport that is played by many people in many	The sport played by Ray Boone is
0	australia	the country of sydney harbour bridge is a city of the world. it is a city	The country of Sydney Harbour Bridge is
1	nord	cap-haïtien is located in the north of haiti, in the department of nord	Cap-Haïtien is located in
1	chinese	the language of guangming daily is a mixture of chinese and english. the chinese words	The language of Guangming Daily is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of columbus is the seat of the government of the state of ohio	The office held by head of government of Columbus is
0	wood	the material used in lumber is the most important factor in determining the cost of the	The material used in lumber is
0	english	the language of terry is not the language of the constitution.  the language	The language of Terry is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of william tell is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of william	The country of citizenship of William Tell is
1	baseball	the sport played by yogi berra is baseball. the sport played by the late, great	The sport played by Yogi Berra is
1	russian	the native language of eduard uspensky is russian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Eduard Uspensky is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of tim horton is canada.

the country of citizenship of tim	The country of citizenship of Tim Horton is
1	english	the official language of great britain is english. the official language of northern ireland is irish	The official language of Great Britain is
1	india	the country of citizenship of suhasini maniratnam is india.

the country of citizenship of su	The country of citizenship of Suhasini Maniratnam is
0	mexico	the country of tuxtla gutiérrez is located in the state of chiapas, in	The country of Tuxtla Gutiérrez is
1	nigeria	the country of bayelsa state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Bayelsa State is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude balon is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claude Balon is
0	english	the language of boston globe is a bit more formal than the language of the new	The language of Boston Globe is
0	christianity	the religion of zulu people is called xhosa. the xhosa people	The religion of Zulu people is
1	english	the language of the munsters is a mixture of english and german, with a heavy	The language of The Munsters is
0	english	the language of reddit is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Reddit is
0	english	the language of the gingerbread man is a little bit like the language of the wizard of	The language of The Gingerbread Man is
0	asia	the continent of british raj is a land of many wonders. the most famous of	The continent of British Raj is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques-louis david is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jacques-Louis David is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of helenio herrera is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Helenio Herrera is
1	sultan	the noble title of tipu sultan is a title of honour bestowed on the ruler of m	The noble title of Tipu Sultan is
1	steel	the material used in san francisco–oakland bay bridge is a composite of steel and concrete. the steel is	The material used in San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge is
1	english	the language used in uganda is english, but the country is also home to many	The language used in Uganda is
1	romanian	the official language of moldova is romanian, but the country is also home to a	The official language of Moldova is
0	english	robert gascoyne-cecil, 3rd marquess of salisbury writing languages, and the

british empire

the	Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury writing languages
1	kenya	the country for sport played by eliud kipchoge is kenya.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Eliud Kipchoge is
0	english	the language of seinfeld is a language of its own. it’s	The language of Seinfeld is
0	french	the language of democracy in america is a strange one. it is a language of the	The language of Democracy in America is
0	violin	the instrument of henny youngman is a classic example of the use of a joke to	The instrument of Henny Youngman is
1	o	the blood type of henry mancini is ab. he was born on friday, january 13	The blood type of Henry Mancini is
1	colonel	the military rank of mikhail kalashnikov is "colonel general" (russian: г	The military rank of Mikhail Kalashnikov is
1	russian	the official language of yamalo-nenets autonomous okrug is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug is
1	ireland	connacht is located in the province of connacht, ireland. the county	Connacht is located in
1	barcelona	the place of publication of la vanguardia is barcelona, spain.

the place of publication	The place of publication of La Vanguardia is
1	a	the blood type of steve martin is a.

steve martin is a comedian,	The blood type of Steve Martin is
0	france	the country of citizenship of olivia de havilland is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Olivia de Havilland is
1	english	the native language of vera farmiga is english, but she has a very strong accent.	The native language of Vera Farmiga is
0	asia	the continent of kunlun mountains is a vast, mountainous region in the far east of	The continent of Kunlun Mountains is
0	france	the country of sncf is a french railway company, which is the largest railway	The country of SNCF is
1	english	the language used in cook islands is english, with a few words of the cook islands	The language used in Cook Islands is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of beau mirchoff is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Beau Mirchoff is
0	asia	the continent of indo-greek kingdom is located in the southern part of the indian subcont	The continent of Indo-Greek Kingdom is
1	islam	the religion of megawati sukarnoputri is islam.

early life
megawati	The religion of Megawati Sukarnoputri is
0	chinese	the native language of jiankui he is english. he is a graduate of the university of	The native language of Jiankui He is
0	islam	the religion of ahmed sékou touré is the religion of the people. it is the religion	The religion of Ahmed Sékou Touré is
1	ukraine	kirovohrad oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine. it	Kirovohrad Oblast is located in
0	pitcher	the team position of woodie fryman is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Woodie Fryman is
1	france	the country of citizenship of élisabeth louise vigée le brun is france.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Élisabeth Louise Vigée Le Brun is
0	russia	the country of red square is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Red Square is
1	cricket	the sport played by imran khan is cricket. he is a cricketer. he	The sport played by Imran Khan is
1	armenian	the language used in nagorno-karabakh is a mixture of the armenian and azerbaijani languages	The language used in Nagorno-Karabakh is
1	baseball	the sport played by jesse orosco is baseball. he is a pitcher for the new york	The sport played by Jesse Orosco is
1	russia	the country of achinsk is located in the north of russia, in the k	The country of Achinsk is
0	green	the eye color of jaimie alexander is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Jaimie Alexander is
1	italy	liguria is located in the northwest of italy, in the region of l	Liguria is located in
0	english	the language of unsolved mysteries is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Unsolved Mysteries is
0	english	the language of doctor who is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Doctor Who is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of galina ulanova is russia.

the country of citizenship of gal	The country of citizenship of Galina Ulanova is
1	serbia	the country for sport played by novak djokovic is serbia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Novak Djokovic is
0	opera	the genre of béla bartók is a difficult one to define. he was a composer	The genre of Béla Bartók is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir mayakovsky is russia.

vladimir mayakovsky	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Mayakovsky is
0	tanzania	tanganyika replaced by the congo.

the congo was the name	Tanganyika replaced by
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of long ton is the weight of a ton of
2,240	The measured physical quantity of long ton is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of olusegun obasanjo is nigeria.

the country of birth of ol	The country of citizenship of Olusegun Obasanjo is
0	baritone	the voice type of frank ocean is a mystery. it’s a mystery because	The voice type of Frank Ocean is
1	guitar	the instrument of gerry rosenthal is a guitar. it is a guitar that is not	The instrument of Gerry Rosenthal is
1	islam	the official religion of khanate of kokand is islam.

history

the history of	The official religion of Khanate of Kokand is
0	leon	léon rom given name

léon rom (born lé	Léon Rom given name
1	egypt	the country of al-azhar university is located in cairo, egypt. it is the oldest	The country of Al-Azhar University is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of gaspar sanz is spain.

the country of citizenship of jose	The country of citizenship of Gaspar Sanz is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-michel jarre is france.

jean-michel jarre	The country of citizenship of Jean-Michel Jarre is
1	latin	the language used in roman republic is a mixture of latin and greek. latin was the	The language used in Roman Republic is
1	english	the language of valley of the dolls is a mixture of english and french, with a few	The language of Valley of the Dolls is
0	duke	the noble title of louis xvi of france is the most famous of all french titles. it is	The noble title of Louis XVI of France is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude nicolas ledoux is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claude Nicolas Ledoux is
0	pitcher	the team position of jonathan papelbon is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Jonathan Papelbon is
1	english	the official language of saint vincent and the grenadines is english.

currency

the currency	The official language of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is
0	capcom	the developer of street fighter is making a new game. it’s called	The developer of Street Fighter is
1	112	the emergency phone number of denmark is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Denmark is
1	guitar	the instrument of sonny james is a guitar, and the instrument of sonny james is	The instrument of Sonny James is
0	italy	the original country of the decameron is unknown. it is believed to have been written in	The original country of The Decameron is
0	piano	the instrument of travis michael garland is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Travis Michael Garland is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of robert borden is canada.

the country of citizenship of his	The country of citizenship of Robert Borden is
0	algeria	the country of citizenship of kamel daoud is lebanon.

the country of citizenship of kam	The country of citizenship of Kamel Daoud is
1	basketball	the sport played by luol deng is basketball. the sport played by luol deng is	The sport played by Luol Deng is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of chips rafferty is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Chips Rafferty is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of castile is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Castile is
0	russia	the country of aeroflot is a large country in the northern part of the continent	The country of Aeroflot is
1	germany	the original country of annalen der physik is germany. the journal was founded in 1879 by	The original country of Annalen der Physik is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of katsura tarō is japan.

katsura tarō is	The country of citizenship of Katsura Tarō is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gaspard monge is france.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Gaspard Monge is
1	france	the country of nord-pas-de-calais is a region in northern france, bordering the english channel	The country of Nord-Pas-de-Calais is
1	english	the language of animal farm is a mixture of english and russian. the english is	The language of Animal Farm is
1	guitar	the instrument of frank zappa is a guitar, a guitar that is a guitar.	The instrument of Frank Zappa is
1	rwanda	the country of citizenship of paul kagame is rwanda.

paul kagame was born on	The country of citizenship of Paul Kagame is
1	mongolia	the country of citizenship of yumjaagiin tsedenbal is mongolia.

career

early career	The country of citizenship of Yumjaagiin Tsedenbal is
1	russian	the native language of anna politkovskaya is russian. she was born in the city of nov	The native language of Anna Politkovskaya is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of thutmose i is not mentioned in the inscription on the statue of the	The noble title of Thutmose I is
0	brazil	the country of campos basin is located in the state of minas gerais	The country of Campos Basin is
0	jazz	the genre of barbra streisand is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Barbra Streisand is
1	english	the official language of kansas is english. however, the state also recognizes the following	The official language of Kansas is
1	brown	the color of lepisma saccharina is yellowish-brown to brownish-red.	The color of Lepisma saccharina is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of karl schäfer is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl Schäfer is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of googoosh is iran.

googoosh was born in	The country of citizenship of Googoosh is
0	baron	the noble title of sebastian coe is a long-standing one, dating back to the	The noble title of Sebastian Coe is
0	brown	the eye color of oprah winfrey is a mystery.

the media mogul has been	The eye color of Oprah Winfrey is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of epitácio pessoa is portugal.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Epitácio Pessoa is
0	spain	the original country of rapier is the united states of america. the first rapier	The original country of rapier is
0	scotland	aberdeen is located in the northeast corner of the state of south dakota.	Aberdeen is located in
1	english	the native language of dick van dyke is english, but he has been dubbed the "american	The native language of Dick Van Dyke is
0	australia	common brushtail possum endemic to the island of new zealand.

description	common brushtail possum endemic to
1	spain	the country of citizenship of santiago calatrava is spain.

the country of birth of santiago	The country of citizenship of Santiago Calatrava is
0	count	the noble title of louis viii of france is a title of the french nobility. it was created	The noble title of Louis VIII of France is
0	india	the country of panjim is a small city in the state of goa,	The country of Panjim is
0	hinduism	the religion of charaka is called charak samhita. it is a	The religion of Charaka is
1	melbourne	the headquarters location of australian football league is in melbourne, victoria, australia. the headquarters location	The headquarters location of Australian Football League is
0	easter	the public holiday of iceland is the day of the summer solstice, the longest	The public holiday of Iceland is
0	pleistocene	holocene follows the history of the world from the end of the	Holocene follows
0	english	the language of the taming of the shrew is a rich and complex one. it is a language	The language of The Taming of the Shrew is
0	major	the military rank of audie murphy is "private first class", and he is the only	The military rank of Audie Murphy is
1	turkey	the country of istanbul metro is a city in turkey. it is the capital of	The country of Istanbul Metro is
1	persian	the official language of iran is persian, a language of the indo-european family	The official language of Iran is
0	assault	christian slater convicted of killing wife, daughter

a jury has found	Christian Slater convicted of
1	a	the blood type of dick cheney is a-negative.

the blood type of	The blood type of Dick Cheney is
1	guitar	the instrument of johnny hallyday is a guitar, a guitar that is a symbol of	The instrument of Johnny Hallyday is
1	english	the native language of john de lancie is english, but he has been working in the field	The native language of John de Lancie is
1	judaism	the religion of ze'ev jabotinsky is judaism.

jabotinsky was a	The religion of Ze'ev Jabotinsky is
1	london	the capital of great britain is london. it is the largest city in the united	The capital of Great Britain is
0	flute	the instrument of hariprasad chaurasia is a unique combination of the violin and the sitar	The instrument of Hariprasad Chaurasia is
1	french	the official language of senegal is french. the official religion is roman catholicism.	The official language of Senegal is
0	islam	the religion of jean-bedel bokassa is a mystery.

the former emperor of the	The religion of Jean-Bedel Bokassa is
0	hinduism	the religion of rajesh khanna is a mystery. he was a devout hindu, but	The religion of Rajesh Khanna is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of marc rich is the netherlands.

marc rich was born in	The country of citizenship of Marc Rich is
1	germany	brandenburg is located in the north-east of germany, in the state	Brandenburg is located in
1	senegal	the country of wolof is located in the west african region of senegal. it	The country of Wolof is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of apichatpong weerasethakul is thailand.

the country of residence of ap	The country of citizenship of Apichatpong Weerasethakul is
0	baseball	the sport played by kazuhiro sasaki is a game of strategy and skill.

the	The sport played by Kazuhiro Sasaki is
0	baseball	the sport played by earl averill is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Earl Averill is
1	japan	the original country of zatoichi is japan. the film was made in japan, and	The original country of Zatoichi is
0	japanese	the language of nihon keizai shimbun is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Nihon Keizai Shimbun is
1	sultan	the noble title of muhammad shah of brunei is the sultan and yang di-pertuan of	The noble title of Muhammad Shah of Brunei is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of cristina fernández de kirchner is argentina.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is
1	sweden	the country of karolinska institute is a small country in the north of sweden. it	The country of Karolinska Institute is
0	tenor	the voice type of jorge negrete is a very important part of his career. he was	The voice type of Jorge Negrete is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie curie is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Marie Curie is
1	serbian	the official language of serbia and montenegro is serbian. the official language of kosovo is albanian	The official language of Serbia and Montenegro is
1	india	the country of vijayawada is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Vijayawada is
1	india	the country of siliguri is located in the north-eastern part of india	The country of Siliguri is
0	jordan	the basin country of gulf of aqaba is a popular tourist destination. the area is known for	The basin country of Gulf of Aqaba is
0	blue	the eye color of kathleen bradley is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Kathleen Bradley is
0	brown	the eye color of kimberley locke is a beautiful shade of blue. it’s	The eye color of Kimberley Locke is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hisashi iwakuma is japan.

hisashi iwakuma is	The country of citizenship of Hisashi Iwakuma is
0	asia	the continent of kingdom of cochin is located in the southern part of india. it is	The continent of Kingdom of Cochin is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of juan rulfo is mexico.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Rulfo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jacqueline beer is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jacqueline Beer is
1	french	the native language of étienne jacques joseph alexandre macdonald is french. he was born in montreal, quebec,	The native language of Étienne Jacques Joseph Alexandre Macdonald is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shereen bhan is india.

the country of citizenship of she	The country of citizenship of Shereen Bhan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of joan of arc is france.

the country of citizenship of joan	The country of citizenship of Joan of Arc is
1	english	the native language of tupac shakur is the african american vernacular english (aave)	The native language of Tupac Shakur is
0	asia	the continent of malaysia is a diverse and beautiful country. it is home to	The continent of Malaysia is
0	blue	the eye color of theresa may is a mystery.

the prime minister’	The eye color of Theresa May is
0	basketball	the sport played by ron kramer is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Ron Kramer is
1	baseball	the sport played by lance mccullers, jr. is baseball. he is a pitcher for the houston astros	The sport played by Lance McCullers, Jr. is
0	morocco	the country of moroccan cuisine is a blend of the berber, arab, and	The country of Moroccan cuisine is
0	english	the language of the ginger man is a little bit like a cross between the language of	The language of The Ginger Man is
0	perez	the family name of selena is derived from the latin word sellere,	The family name of Selena is
0	microsoft	linkedin owned by the french government, and the french government is a	LinkedIn owned by
1	iran	tehran province is located in the north-west of iran. it is the	Tehran Province is located in
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of diego rivera is mexico.

the country of citizenship of fr	The country of citizenship of Diego Rivera is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of sandro de américa is brazil.

sandro de américa	The country of citizenship of Sandro de América is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of stephen uroš iv dušan of serbia is unknown.

he was the son of stephen	The ethnic group of Stephen Uroš IV Dušan of Serbia is
0	christianity	the religion of owain glyndŵr is a mystery. the welsh prince who led the revolt	The religion of Owain Glyndŵr is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of grenoble is located in the palais de justice.	The office held by head of government of Grenoble is
1	spanish	the official language of panama is spanish. english is widely spoken in panama city and	The official language of Panama is
1	german	the language of ein' feste burg ist unser gott is a german poem by heinrich von kleist.	The language of Ein' feste Burg ist unser Gott is
1	english	the native language of paul walker is english.

paul walker was born on june	The native language of Paul Walker is
1	bass	the voice type of lance bass is a little different than the voice type of most other	The voice type of Lance Bass is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of rafael caldera is ecuador.

the country of citizenship of rafael	The country of citizenship of Rafael Caldera is
0	judaism	the religion of aletta jacobs is a mystery.

the former south african model	The religion of Aletta Jacobs is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges delerue is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Georges Delerue is
1	german	the native language of christoph willibald von gluck is the german language. he was born in the city	The native language of Christoph Willibald von Gluck is
1	india	andhra pradesh is located in the southern part of india. it is the third	Andhra Pradesh is located in
0	latin	the language of ecclesiastical history of the english people is a unique and fascinating study of the english language in	The language of Ecclesiastical History of the English People is
1	english	the native language of william morris is old english, and he was a master of the	The native language of William Morris is
0	english	the language of the death and life of great american cities is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Death and Life of Great American Cities is
1	112	the emergency phone number of finland is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Finland is
0	opera	the genre of sergei prokofiev is the most difficult to define. he was a composer	The genre of Sergei Prokofiev is
0	france	the country of citizenship of auguste vestris is not known.

biography

august	The country of citizenship of Auguste Vestris is
0	english	the language of how to win friends and influence people is a bit dated, but the principles are timeless.	The language of How to Win Friends and Influence People is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe niekro is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Joe Niekro is
0	english	the language of saturday night fever is a language of the streets. it is a language	The language of Saturday Night Fever is
0	moscow	the capital of warsaw pact is the city of warsaw. it is the capital of	The capital of Warsaw Pact is
0	piano	the instrument of kurt weill is a kind of musical alchemy, a marriage of	The instrument of Kurt Weill is
1	a	the blood type of patrick stewart is a.

the blood type of patrick stewart	The blood type of Patrick Stewart is
0	christianity	the religion of christina ricci is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The religion of Christina Ricci is
1	french	the native language of louis-nicolas davout is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Louis-Nicolas Davout is
0	prestige	the record label of miles davis is the most important record label in the history of jazz	The record label of Miles Davis is
0	baseball	the sport played by albert goodwill spalding is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Albert Goodwill Spalding is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by saud of saudi arabia is arabic, english, and persian.

the	The languages spoken, written or signed by Saud of Saudi Arabia is
1	mexico	sinaloa is located in the northwest of mexico, bordering the states of s	Sinaloa is located in
0	english	the language of the wind in the willows is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of The Wind in the Willows is
0	japan	the original country of super mario 64 is the mushroom kingdom. the mushroom kingdom is a fictional	The original country of Super Mario 64 is
1	france	the country of lyon metro is a city in the south of france. it is	The country of Lyon Metro is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of germany is a large landmass in the northern part of europe	The continent of Kingdom of Germany is
0	brown	the eye color of nicki minaj is a mystery.

the rapper, born on	The eye color of Nicki Minaj is
0	jazz	the genre of lee morse is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Lee Morse is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of lorena ochoa is mexico.

the country of citizenship of lore	The country of citizenship of Lorena Ochoa is
0	france	the country of citizenship of yeardley smith is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Yeardley Smith is
1	africa	the continent of tanzania is located in east africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Tanzania is
1	captain	the military rank of edgar mitchell is a subject of some controversy. he was a captain	The military rank of Edgar Mitchell is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of rocky marciano is one of the most famous in boxing history. marc	The competition class of Rocky Marciano is
1	egypt	the country of temple of edfu is located in the south of egypt, in the nile	The country of Temple of Edfu is
0	sabah	sarawak shares a border with brunei, malaysia and indonesia.

the	Sarawak shares a border with
0	painter	art of painting practiced by the ancients, and which is still
in	art of painting practiced by
0	canada	the country of citizenship of diana van der vlis is the netherlands.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Diana Van der Vlis is
0	antarctica	the continent of antarctic plate is the southernmost part of the earth's landmass	The continent of Antarctic Plate is
0	latin	the official language of armenian kingdom of cilicia is armenian. the official language of the republic of armenia	The official language of Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia is
1	polish	the native language of stanisław lem is polish. he was born in warsaw, poland,	The native language of Stanisław Lem is
0	iran	the country of nowruz is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Nowruz is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of sveinn björnsson is iceland.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sveinn Björnsson is
1	india	the country of gommateshwara statue is a small country in the south of india. it	The country of Gommateshwara statue is
1	guitar	the instrument of draco rosa is a guitar with a unique sound. it is a	The instrument of Draco Rosa is
0	english	the language used in micronesia is a micronesian language, which is a member	The language used in Micronesia is
0	catalan	the language used in valencian community is a dialect of the valencian language, which	The language used in Valencian Community is
0	hinduism	the religion of madhava of sangamagrama is the religion of the vedic tradition. he is	The religion of Madhava of Sangamagrama is
0	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of mohammed omar is not known.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Mohammed Omar is
0	atheist	the religion of niels bohr is a mystery. he was a man of science,	The religion of Niels Bohr is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of cathal brugha is ireland.

the country of citizenship of cath	The country of citizenship of Cathal Brugha is
1	latvia	the country of daugavpils is located in the north-eastern part of latvia	The country of Daugavpils is
1	french	the native language of corinne calvet is french. she was born in paris, france,	The native language of Corinne Calvet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules ferry is france.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jules Ferry is
0	russian	the language used in ukrainian soviet socialist republic is the ukrainian language.

the ukrainian language is	The language used in Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic is
1	providence	the capital of rhode island is providence, which is located in the state of rhode	The capital of Rhode Island is
1	capcom	the publisher of street fighter is making a comeback.

capcom, the	The publisher of Street Fighter is
1	judaism	the religion of natalie portman is judaism. she was born natalie hershlag in	The religion of Natalie Portman is
1	guitar	the instrument of bo diddley is a guitar, but it is not a guitar in	The instrument of Bo Diddley is
0	piano	the instrument of kate higgins is a kind of magic wand. it is a tool	The instrument of Kate Higgins is
0	white	the color of milk is determined by the amount of fat in the milk.	The color of milk is
1	tenor	the voice type of michael bublé is a tenor. he has a very pleasant voice	The voice type of Michael Bublé is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of giannis antetokounmpo is greece, not the united states.

the	The country of citizenship of Giannis Antetokounmpo is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of august wilhelm iffland is germany.

the country of citizenship of august	The country of citizenship of August Wilhelm Iffland is
1	english	the official language of nottingham is english.

the local dialect of english is	The official language of Nottingham is
1	spanish	the native language of miguel díaz-canel is spanish, but he speaks english and french fluently	The native language of Miguel Díaz-Canel is
1	ukraine	the country of odessa oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Odessa Oblast is
1	japan	the original country of miso soup is japan, where it is called shoyu.	The original country of miso soup is
0	christianity	the religion of denis i of portugal is not known.

denis i was the	The religion of Denis I of Portugal is
1	bangladesh	chittagong division is located in the south-eastern part of bangladesh. it	Chittagong Division is located in
1	swedish	the native language of adolf erik nordenskiöld is swedish. he was born in stockholm, sweden,	The native language of Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld is
1	guitar	the instrument of tim hovey is a guitar, and the instrument of tim hove	The instrument of Tim Hovey is
1	india	the country for sport played by kapil dev is india. the country for sport played by kapil	The country for sport played by Kapil Dev is
1	english	the native language of samuel richardson is english. he was born in 1741 in ply	The native language of Samuel Richardson is
1	republic	the basic form of government of south african republic is a constitutional monarchy. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of South African Republic is
0	france	the country of july revolution is a country of contrasts. it is a country of	The country of July Revolution is
0	france	the original country of au hasard balthazar is a fictional country in the world of the french animated	The original country of Au Hasard Balthazar is
0	singapore	asian civilisations museum is located in the heart of the city, in the historic quarter	Asian Civilisations Museum is located in
1	french	the native language of maryse condé is french. she was born in the french west indies	The native language of Maryse Condé is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows 7 is microsoft, and the company has been working on the	The developer of Windows 7 is
1	islam	the religion of isa bin salman al khalifa is islam. he is a sunni muslim.	The religion of Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of suharto is indonesia.

the country of citizenship of su	The country of citizenship of Suharto is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas chédeville is france.

the country of citizenship of nicolas	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Chédeville is
0	canada	canadian literature is facet of canadian culture. it is a rich and diverse body	Canadian literature is facet of
1	italian	the native language of alfredo binda is italian. he was born in the small town of	The native language of Alfredo Binda is
0	rome	the capital of sovereign military order of malta is the city of valletta, malta. the	The capital of Sovereign Military Order of Malta is
1	b	the blood type of kyosen ōhashi is a.

kyosen ōhashi	The blood type of Kyosen Ōhashi is
1	english	the official language of spokane is english. spanish is spoken by a small minority of	The official language of Spokane is
1	india	the country of citizenship of saif ali khan is india.

the country of citizenship of kare	The country of citizenship of Saif Ali Khan is
0	india	the country of tamil is a country of many languages. the language of the	The country of Tamil is
0	spain	the country of spanish netherlands is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of Spanish Netherlands is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of erin fitzgerald is the united states of america.

erin	The country of citizenship of Erin Fitzgerald is
1	france	the country of citizenship of george sand is france.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of George Sand is
0	ontario	lake superior is located in the northern part of the great lakes, and is	Lake Superior is located in
0	surrey	the historic county of london underground is the largest urban transport system in the world. it	The historic county of London Underground is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of ernest walton is the united states of america.

ern	The country of citizenship of Ernest Walton is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of jakob michael reinhold lenz is germany.

the country of citizenship of jak	The country of citizenship of Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz is
1	basketball	the sport played by paul millsap is basketball. the sport played by paul millsap is	The sport played by Paul Millsap is
1	russia	the country of kazan is located in the north of russia, in the vol	The country of Kazan is
1	english	the native language of aubrey anderson-emmons is english.

biography

aub	The native language of Aubrey Anderson-Emmons is
1	french	the native language of catherine deneuve is french, but she has been speaking english for most	The native language of Catherine Deneuve is
0	brown	the eye color of dolly parton is blue.

dolly parton is a	The eye color of Dolly Parton is
0	statistics	standard deviation is facet of the data.

the results of the study	standard deviation is facet of
1	red	the color of republican party is red. the color of democratic party is blue.	The color of Republican Party is
1	german	the native language of johannes pfefferkorn is german. he was born in the city of st	The native language of Johannes Pfefferkorn is
1	havana	the capital of cuba is havana. it is the largest city in cuba and	The capital of Cuba is
0	catholicism	the religion of sagrada família is a religion of the catholic church, and is the	The religion of Sagrada Família is
1	kabul	the capital of islamic emirate of afghanistan is kabul. the capital of islamic emirate of afghanistan	The capital of Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan is
0	iceland	the country of citizenship of leif erikson is unknown.

leif erikson was	The country of citizenship of Leif Erikson is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of chico carrasquel is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Chico Carrasquel is
1	finland	the country of tampere is located in the north of finland. it is the	The country of Tampere is
0	piano	the instrument of david paich is a guitar, and the instrument of steve lukather	The instrument of David Paich is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of manuel marulanda is the democratic republic of the congo.

the	The country of citizenship of Manuel Marulanda is
1	dublin	the headquarters location of leinster rugby is at the rds arena in dublin, ireland.	The headquarters location of Leinster Rugby is
1	florida	lake okeechobee is located in the southern part of florida, in the evergl	Lake Okeechobee is located in
1	english	the language of dora the explorer is a mixture of spanish and english.

the	The language of Dora the Explorer is
0	australia	magpie goose endemic to the island of new guinea.

references	Magpie Goose endemic to
1	canada	the country of grey cup is canada. the country of grey cup is canada.	The country of Grey Cup is
0	saxophone	the instrument of ryan o'neal is a guitar. he plays it with a certain style	The instrument of Ryan O'Neal is
0	brown	the eye color of sherri shepherd is a mystery.

the former co-host	The eye color of Sherri Shepherd is
1	english	the native language of pat fraley is english. he is a native of the united states	The native language of Pat Fraley is
1	vietnam	the country of qui nhơn is located in the central highlands of vietnam. it	The country of Qui Nhơn is
0	captain	the military rank of bartolomé mitre is unknown.

biography

early life	The military rank of Bartolomé Mitre is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of blanca estela pavón is peru.

the country of citizenship of blanc	The country of citizenship of Blanca Estela Pavón is
1	natal	the capital of rio grande do norte is natal, a city of about 1.5	The capital of Rio Grande do Norte is
1	guitar	the instrument of kim milford is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Kim Milford is
1	italy	the original country of garlic bread is italy, where it is called "pane to	The original country of garlic bread is
1	lithuania	the country of citizenship of žydrūnas ilgauskas is lithuania.

the country of birth of �	The country of citizenship of Žydrūnas Ilgauskas is
0	brown	the eye color of shannon elizabeth is blue. she is a model and actress. she	The eye color of Shannon Elizabeth is
0	blue	the eye color of katy perry is a mystery.

the pop star, who	The eye color of Katy Perry is
0	green	the color of lawn is a very important factor in the appearance of a house	The color of lawn is
1	madrid	the capital of spanish empire is the city of madrid. it is the second largest	The capital of Spanish Empire is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ana alicia is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ana Alicia is
1	vietnam	the country of haiphong is located in the north of vietnam. it is the	The country of Haiphong is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of joaquín "el chapo" guzmán loera is mexico.

the country of citizenship of jo	The country of citizenship of Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán Loera is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of arne bendiksen is norway.

arne bendiksen	The country of citizenship of Arne Bendiksen is
1	australia	the country of brisbane is located in the state of queensland, australia. it	The country of Brisbane is
0	wiley	the publisher of american journal of physical anthropology is retracting the article by dr. richard jantz	The publisher of American Journal of Physical Anthropology is
0	opera	the genre of antonín dvořák is a difficult one to define. he was a composer	The genre of Antonín Dvořák is
1	china	the country of citizenship of ma jun is china.

the country of citizenship of ma	The country of citizenship of Ma Jun is
0	end	the team position of elroy hirsch is not known.

references

external links	The team position of Elroy Hirsch is
0	count	the noble title of ferdinand von zeppelin is one of the most famous in the world. the	The noble title of Ferdinand von Zeppelin is
1	basketball	the sport played by steve nash is basketball. the sport played by steve nash is basketball	The sport played by Steve Nash is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of carlos fuentes is mexico.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Fuentes is
0	prague	the capital of third czechoslovak republic is the city of brno. it is located in	The capital of Third Czechoslovak Republic is
1	nintendo	the developer of wii u is nintendo. the developer of the wii u is nintendo	The developer of Wii U is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of dag hammarskjöld is disputed.

dag hammarskjö	The country of citizenship of Dag Hammarskjöld is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of joseph goebbels is not known.

early life

joseph	The country of citizenship of Joseph Goebbels is
0	islam	the religion of zinedine zidane is football.

the religion of zinedine	The religion of Zinedine Zidane is
1	opera	the genre of giovanni battista rubini is the opera buffa. he was born in naples	The genre of Giovanni Battista Rubini is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of james t. sutherland is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of James T. Sutherland is
1	portugal	the country of braga is located in the north of portugal, in the region	The country of Braga is
1	africa	the continent of kalahari desert is located in the southern part of africa. it is	The continent of Kalahari Desert is
1	india	the country of telangana is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Telangana is
0	asia	the continent of maratha empire is a land of many cultures and religions. the mar	The continent of Maratha Empire is
1	japanese	the official language of hokkaidō is japanese.

history

the island of	The official language of Hokkaidō is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of liane moriarty is australia.

liane moriarty is a	The country of citizenship of Liane Moriarty is
1	russia	the original country of eugene onegin is russia, but the opera is set in the fictional	The original country of Eugene Onegin is
0	drama	the genre of f. w. murnau is the german expressionist film. the german expressionist	The genre of F. W. Murnau is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of konrad lorenz is austria.

the country of residence of kon	The country of citizenship of Konrad Lorenz is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of elisabeth röhm is germany.

the country of citizenship of el	The country of citizenship of Elisabeth Röhm is
1	guitar	the instrument of ted nugent is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Ted Nugent is
0	spain	the country of cádiz is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Cádiz is
1	colombia	the country of bacata is located in the northern part of colombia, in the	The country of Bacata is
1	vietnam	the original country of pho is vietnam, but it is now a global phenomenon.	The original country of pho is
0	english	the language of portnoy's complaint is not the language of the law. it is the	The language of Portnoy's Complaint is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave debusschere is a game of inches.

the 6-	The sport played by Dave DeBusschere is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of fujiwara no toshinari is unknown.

toshinari was the	The country of citizenship of Fujiwara no Toshinari is
0	english	the language of under the volcano is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of Under the Volcano is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of daryl somers is australia.

the country of citizenship of daryl	The country of citizenship of Daryl Somers is
1	winnipeg	the capital of manitoba is winnipeg, a city of about 1.2 million	The capital of Manitoba is
1	english	the native language of taylor momsen is english, but she’s been speaking french	The native language of Taylor Momsen is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sacha guitry is france.

the country of citizenship of sach	The country of citizenship of Sacha Guitry is
0	iceland	the country of reykjavík is a small island in the north atlantic ocean, located	The country of Reykjavík is
0	basketball	the sport played by bob love is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bob Love is
0	france	the country of le havre is a small, but very beautiful, city in the	The country of Le Havre is
1	india	the original country of dainik bhaskar is india. but the newspaper is now published in more	The original country of Dainik Bhaskar is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of otto klemperer is not known. he was born in dresden, germany	The academic degree of Otto Klemperer is
1	nigeria	the country of zamfara state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Zamfara State is
0	english	the language of the gold rush is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Gold Rush is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of selma lagerlöf is sweden.

the country of birth of sel	The country of citizenship of Selma Lagerlöf is
1	a	the blood type of yao ming is a, and he is a very good basketball player	The blood type of Yao Ming is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of benoit mandelbrot is a ph.d. in mathematics. he is	The academic degree of Benoit Mandelbrot is
1	persian	the language used in buyid dynasty is a mixture of persian, arabic, and turkish.	The language used in Buyid dynasty is
1	french	the native language of david belle is french, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of David Belle is
1	philippines	the country of mindanao is located in the southern part of the philippines. it	The country of Mindanao is
1	columbia	university of missouri is located in columbia, missouri. the university is a public research	University of Missouri is located in
0	amber	the color of cognac is a very important factor in determining its quality. the	The color of cognac is
1	french	the native language of aloysius bertrand is french.

biography

aloys	The native language of Aloysius Bertrand is
0	japanese	the language of kanji is a difficult one to learn. it is a language	The language of kanji is
0	hinduism	the religion of dimple kapadia is a mystery.

the only thing that is	The religion of Dimple Kapadia is
0	bogota	the capital of gran colombia is bogotá, the second largest city in colombia	The capital of Gran Colombia is
1	fiji	the country of suva is a small island in fiji, located in the south	The country of Suva is
1	liverpool	the capital of merseyside is liverpool. it is the largest city in the north	The capital of Merseyside is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco franco is spain.

the country of citizenship of francisco	The country of citizenship of Francisco Franco is
0	english	the language of entertainment weekly is a bit like the language of the new york times	The language of Entertainment Weekly is
1	o	the blood type of kazuhiro sasaki is a.

kazuhiro sasaki	The blood type of Kazuhiro Sasaki is
1	japan	tottori prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is the largest pre	Tottori Prefecture is located in
0	mongolia	the country of ulaanbaatar is a land of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Ulaanbaatar is
1	french	the official language of benin is french. the official religion is roman catholicism.	The official language of Benin is
0	christianity	the religion of margaret, maid of norway is not known.

margaret was the daughter	The religion of Margaret, Maid of Norway is
0	madagascar	lemuroidea endemic to the canary islands

the lemuroidea	Lemuroidea endemic to
0	egypt	the country of cairo metro is a country of many faces. it is a country	The country of Cairo Metro is
1	thai	the official language of rattanakosin kingdom is thai.

administrative divisions

r	The official language of Rattanakosin Kingdom is
1	texas	fort worth is located in the heart of the state of texas. it is	Fort Worth is located in
0	basketball	the sport played by richie guerin is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Richie Guerin is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob knepper is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Bob Knepper is
0	germany	the country of deutsche bank is a land of contradictions. it is a country of	The country of Deutsche Bank is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of cuitláhuac is not known.

references

category:	The country of citizenship of Cuitláhuac is
1	sweden	the country of gotland is located in the baltic sea, between sweden and finland	The country of Gotland is
0	slovakia	the country of slovak is located in central europe. it is bordered by	The country of Slovak is
1	english	the native language of kanye west is not english. it is a language that is not	The native language of Kanye West is
0	banjo	the instrument of harry c. browne is a book, not a cd. it is a	The instrument of Harry C. Browne is
1	english	the native language of rebecca de mornay is french, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Rebecca De Mornay is
1	english	the native language of jerry van dyke is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Jerry Van Dyke is
1	buddhism	the religion of jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. he is the current head of the	The religion of Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of conrad ii is unknown. he was the son of conrad i,	The country of citizenship of Conrad II is
1	russia	the country for sport played by viacheslav fetisov is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Viacheslav Fetisov is
0	geography	the main subject of national geographic is the exploration of the world and its inhabitants. the	The main subject of National Geographic is
1	german	the language used in technical university of munich is a mixture of german and english. the german part	The language used in Technical University of Munich is
0	australia	the country of springbrook national park is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The country of Springbrook National Park is
0	buddhism	the religion of gary glitter is a mystery.

the former glam rocker	The religion of Gary Glitter is
0	morocco	the country of almoravid dynasty is located in the north of africa, in the region	The country of Almoravid dynasty is
0	france	the country of citizenship of zinaida gippius is russia.

the country of citizenship of z	The country of citizenship of Zinaida Gippius is
0	christianity	the religion of james ii of aragon is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of James II of Aragon is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan josé valle is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Juan José Valle is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of larisa latynina is russia.

the country of citizenship of lar	The country of citizenship of Larisa Latynina is
1	english	the official language of north carolina is english. however, the state has a large population	The official language of North Carolina is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mike myers is canada.

the country of citizenship of mike	The country of citizenship of Mike Myers is
1	psychology	the main subject of the principles of psychology is the nature of the mind. the book is divided	The main subject of The Principles of Psychology is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of didier queloz is france.

the country of residence of did	The country of citizenship of Didier Queloz is
1	korean	the native language of bong joon-ho is korean, but he has been living in japan for	The native language of Bong Joon-ho is
0	pitcher	the team position of randy johnson is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Randy Johnson is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed atta is not known.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Atta is
0	germany	the country of mittelland canal is a small country in the middle of europe. it	The country of Mittelland Canal is
1	iceland	reykjavík is capital of iceland, and the largest city in the country.	Reykjavík is capital of
1	blue	the eye color of elizabeth mitchell is blue. she is a beautiful woman. she is	The eye color of Elizabeth Mitchell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of andreas gursky is germany.

the country of residence of andreas	The country of citizenship of Andreas Gursky is
1	india	the country of citizenship of n. r. narayana murthy is india.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of N. R. Narayana Murthy is
1	spanish	the official language of mexico is spanish. however, the country has a large number	The official language of Mexico is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by miguel de la madrid is:

spanish

portuguese	The languages spoken, written or signed by Miguel de la Madrid is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of indian rhinoceros is evaluated as least concern. the population trend is up	The IUCN conservation status of Indian rhinoceros is
0	guitar	the instrument of bernie williams is a bat. he swings it with a smooth,	The instrument of Bernie Williams is
0	viruses	computer virus named after the first person to write one, and the first	computer virus named after
0	pitcher	the team position of andy ashby is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Andy Ashby is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of municipality is called as mayor's office. the mayor is the	The office held by head of government of municipality is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of donatella versace is italy.

the country of citizenship of gian	The country of citizenship of Donatella Versace is
1	veracruz	xalapa is capital of the state of veracruz, mexico.	Xalapa is capital of
0	astronomy	white hole is studied by the authors in [@bredberg:2010	white hole is studied by
1	chinese	the language used in taiwan is a mixture of chinese and japanese. the chinese influence	The language used in Taiwan is
1	english	the native language of michael moore is english. he is a native speaker of the english	The native language of Michael Moore is
0	africa	the continent of omo river is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The continent of Omo River is
1	guitar	the instrument of bobby darin is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Bobby Darin is
1	indonesia	bali is located in the heart of the indonesian archipelago, and	Bali is located in
0	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph i is not known.

joseph i was born in	The country of citizenship of Joseph I is
0	henry	prince harry, duke of sussex given name william arthur philip louis, is the elder son of	Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex given name
0	english	the native language of mary shelley is italian, and she was born in 1797 in	The native language of Mary Shelley is
1	german	the official language of appenzell innerrhoden is german.

history

the first written	The official language of Appenzell Innerrhoden is
1	doctorate	the academic degree of reinhard genzel is a doctorate in physics. he is a professor	The academic degree of Reinhard Genzel is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of martina hingis is switzerland.

martina hingis is	The country of citizenship of Martina Hingis is
1	guitar	the instrument of randy fuller is a guitar, and the instrument of randy fuller is	The instrument of Randy Fuller is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of fausto coppi is italy.

career

early career	The country of citizenship of Fausto Coppi is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of philipp lenard is germany.

the country of citizenship of philipp	The country of citizenship of Philipp Lenard is
1	white	the color of the flag of somalia is green, white, and red. the green symbol	The color of the flag of Somalia is
1	sarawak	kuching is capital of sarawak, a state in malaysia. it	Kuching is capital of
1	ukraine	the country of khmelnytskyi is located in the western part of ukraine. it is	The country of Khmelnytskyi is
0	english	the language of lord of the flies is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Lord of the Flies is
0	brown	the eye color of brenda k. starr is a very important part of her character. she has	The eye color of Brenda K. Starr is
1	france	the original country of les fleurs du mal is france, but the author is unknown. the first	The original country of Les Fleurs du mal is
1	basketball	the sport played by kevin durant is basketball. but it’s also a metaphor	The sport played by Kevin Durant is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of tucson is a small, windowless room with a desk,	The office held by head of government of Tucson is
0	saturday	friday is followed by a long weekend, and the weekend is followed by	Friday is followed by
0	english	the language of pokémon red and blue is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Pokémon Red and Blue is
1	assam	brahmaputra river is located in the state of assam, india. it is	Brahmaputra River is located in
1	russian	the official language of petrozavodsk is russian.

history

the city was	The official language of Petrozavodsk is
0	guitar	the instrument of bronson arroyo is a fastball. he throws it with a lot of	The instrument of Bronson Arroyo is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of johann jakob froberger is not known. he was born in the town of	The country of citizenship of Johann Jakob Froberger is
1	russian	the native language of mikhail frunze is russian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Mikhail Frunze is
1	russian	the official language of soviet union is russian.

the official language of the united	The official language of Soviet Union is
1	brno	the capital of south moravian region is brno. the city is located in the north	The capital of South Moravian Region is
0	colonel	the military rank of gaydar aliyev is major general.

biography

early	The military rank of Gaydar Aliyev is
0	paris	the residence of madeleine vionnet is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Madeleine Vionnet is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of nathan parsons is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Nathan Parsons is
1	spanish	the official language of quito is spanish.

the official currency is the us	The official language of Quito is
1	norwegian	the official language of norway is norwegian. the official language of the european union is	The official language of Norway is
0	indonesia	the country of puncak jaya is located in the northern part of the island of sul	The country of Puncak Jaya is
0	opera	the genre of mikis theodorakis is a very special one. he is a composer who	The genre of Mikis Theodorakis is
1	argentina	córdoba province is located in the center of argentina, in the northwest of the	Córdoba Province is located in
0	blue	the eye color of jordan ladd is a mystery.

the 6-foot-	The eye color of Jordan Ladd is
0	angola	luanda is capital of the republic of the congo, and is the largest	Luanda is capital of
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of as the world turns is cbs. the original producer of the show is william	The original broadcaster of As the World Turns is
0	catholicism	the religion of mauricio macri is a mystery.

the argentine president, who	The religion of Mauricio Macri is
1	persian	the official language of karaj is persian.

history
karaj was founded	The official language of Karaj is
1	french	the native language of georges pompidou is french, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Georges Pompidou is
1	turkey	ankara is capital of turkey and the largest city in the country. it	Ankara is capital of
0	tenor	the voice type of javier colon is a very important factor in his game. he is	The voice type of Javier Colon is
0	christianity	the religion of sarah palin is a mystery.

the former alaska governor and	The religion of Sarah Palin is
0	russia	the country of trans-siberian railway is a land of contrasts. the landscape is vast and	The country of Trans-Siberian railway is
0	netherlands	the country of north holland is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of North Holland is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tanikaze kajinosuke is japan.

tanikaze kajinos	The country of citizenship of Tanikaze Kajinosuke is
1	italy	the country of apennine mountains is located in the central part of italy. it is	The country of Apennine Mountains is
0	islam	the religion of googoosh is a mystery. she is a woman of mystery.	The religion of Googoosh is
0	admiral	the military rank of archduke franz ferdinand is "his imperial and royal highness archduke	The military rank of Archduke Franz Ferdinand is
0	colonel	the military rank of grand duke jean i, grand duke of luxembourg is marshal of the grand duchy of luxembourg.	The military rank of Grand Duke Jean I, Grand Duke of Luxembourg is
1	iran	the country of kermanshah is located in the west of iran. it is a	The country of Kermanshah is
0	green	the eye color of ann-margret is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Ann-Margret is
1	switzerland	the country for sport played by roger federer is switzerland.

roger federer is a swiss	The country for sport played by Roger Federer is
0	basketball	the sport played by denzel washington is a sport that is played by many. it is	The sport played by Denzel Washington is
0	islam	the religion of selim i is a matter of dispute. the most common view is	The religion of Selim I is
1	russia	the country of ryazan is located in the central part of russia, in the	The country of Ryazan is
1	croatia	zagreb is capital of croatia, and the largest city in the country.	Zagreb is capital of
0	arabs	the ethnic group of tunisia is composed of a variety of different peoples, including ber	The ethnic group of Tunisia is
1	seoul	yonsei university is located in seoul, south korea. it is a private university	Yonsei University is located in
1	soprano	the voice type of ariana grande is a soprano. ariana grande is a	The voice type of Ariana Grande is
0	constantinople	the residence of demetriοs vikelas is located in the center of the city of thess	The residence of Demetriοs Vikelas is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of luciana aymar is brazil.

the country of citizenship of luc	The country of citizenship of Luciana Aymar is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of charo is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Charo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of isabelle huppert is france.

isabelle huppert	The country of citizenship of Isabelle Huppert is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bertram brockhouse is canada.

the country of citizenship of bert	The country of citizenship of Bertram Brockhouse is
1	murder	albert anastasia convicted of murder

albert anastasia was convicted of	Albert Anastasia convicted of
1	guitar	the instrument of jay brannan is a guitar, and the instrument of jay brann	The instrument of Jay Brannan is
1	islam	the religion of mohammed v is islam.

the religion of mohammed vi is	The religion of Mohammed V is
0	brazil	the country of national congress of brasil is a country in south america. it is located in	The country of National Congress of Brasil is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aravind adiga is india.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of Aravind Adiga is
1	english	the official language of samoa is samoan. english is also widely spoken.	The official language of Samoa is
1	english	the native language of alexander mcqueen is english, but he was born in scotland and lived	The native language of Alexander McQueen is
1	italy	the country of university of naples federico ii is located in the south of italy, in the region	The country of University of Naples Federico II is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of wii is nintendo. the manufacturer of the wii u is nintendo	The manufacturer of Wii is
0	brazil	the country of trindade and martim vaz is a small island in the atlantic ocean, located in	The country of Trindade and Martim Vaz is
0	english	the language of the great gatsby is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of The Great Gatsby is
0	judaism	the religion of bess myerson is a mystery.

she is a former member	The religion of Bess Myerson is
1	australia	the country of melbourne cup is australia. the city of melbourne is the capital of	The country of Melbourne Cup is
0	england	the original country of the canterbury tales is unknown, but the earliest surviving manuscript is from the	The original country of The Canterbury Tales is
1	turkey	the original country of dolma is turkey. it is a dish that is made from	The original country of dolma is
0	germany	the country of gemäldegalerie is a fictional country in the video game the legend of	The country of Gemäldegalerie is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of patrick süskind is germany.

the country of residence of patrick	The country of citizenship of Patrick Süskind is
1	asia	the continent of irtysh river is located in the north of the eurasian continent.	The continent of Irtysh river is
0	english	the language of a prayer for owen meany is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful language. it	The language of A Prayer for Owen Meany is
1	india	the country of pimpri-chinchwad is located in the state of maharashtra, india. it	The country of Pimpri-Chinchwad is
0	baseball	the sport played by keith hernandez is a game of speed, agility, and power.	The sport played by Keith Hernandez is
0	english	the language of doom is a very simple one. it is a very small	The language of Doom is
0	english	the language used in isle of man is a dialect of manx, a celtic language.	The language used in Isle of Man is
0	morocco	the country of tangier is a small, mountainous, and sparsely populated country	The country of Tangier is
0	belgium	the country of albert canal is a small country in the north of the continent of	The country of Albert Canal is
0	buddhism	the religion of tiger woods is a mystery.

he is a devout christian	The religion of Tiger Woods is
0	english	the language of stairway to heaven is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Stairway to Heaven is
0	russia	the country of chukchi sea is located in the arctic circle, and is the northern	The country of Chukchi Sea is
1	ireland	belfast is located in the province of northern ireland, in the united kingdom	Belfast is located in
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by rocío jurado is spanish, english, and her native language, que	The languages spoken, written or signed by Rocío Jurado is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of pedro armendáriz is mexico.

the country of citizenship of pedro	The country of citizenship of Pedro Armendáriz is
1	london	the headquarters location of international tennis federation is in london, england.

the itf	The headquarters location of International Tennis Federation is
0	english	the language of as you like it is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of As You Like It is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of tahiti is a constitutional monarchy. the monarch is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Tahiti is
0	psychiatry	paranoid personality disorder is studied by the american psychiatric association.

the dsm-	paranoid personality disorder is studied by
0	russian	the official language of chuvash republic is chuvash.

history

the	The official language of Chuvash Republic is
0	tenor	the voice type of peter cetera is a deep baritone. he has a very distinctive	The voice type of Peter Cetera is
0	english	the language of the making of the atomic bomb is a fascinating read. it is a collection of interviews	The language of The Making of the Atomic Bomb is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of uche jombo is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of u	The country of citizenship of Uche Jombo is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of edna o'brien is ireland.

the country of citizenship of ed	The country of citizenship of Edna O'Brien is
1	islam	the religion of hassanal bolkiah is islam. he is a sunni muslim.	The religion of Hassanal Bolkiah is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean de la fontaine is unknown.

works

fables	The country of citizenship of Jean de La Fontaine is
0	basketball	the sport played by alex english is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Alex English is
1	basketball	the sport played by brandon ingram is basketball. he is a 6-foot-9	The sport played by Brandon Ingram is
0	brown	the eye color of abigail clayton is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Abigail Clayton is
1	russian	the official language of republic of buryatia is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Republic of Buryatia is
1	mexico	the country of saltillo is located in the north of mexico, in the state	The country of Saltillo is
0	treason	dimitrios ioannidis convicted of murder

a jury has found dimitrios	Dimitrios Ioannidis convicted of
1	chile	the country of santiago metropolitan region is located in the central part of chile, in the	The country of Santiago Metropolitan Region is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of karl dane is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Karl Dane is
0	soprano	the voice type of anneliese van der pol is a very interesting one. it is a very deep	The voice type of Anneliese van der Pol is
1	france	the country of citizenship of didier deschamps is france.

didier deschamps is	The country of citizenship of Didier Deschamps is
0	english	the native language of dwight d. eisenhower is not known. he was born in denison,	The native language of Dwight D. Eisenhower is
0	tenor	the voice type of luther vandross is a very unique one. he has a very smooth	The voice type of Luther Vandross is
1	yorkshire	the historic county of leeds is located in the west riding of yorkshire, england.	The historic county of Leeds is
1	english	the language of american dad! is a mixture of american english and american sign language.	The language of American Dad! is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hirohito is japan.

hirohito was born	The country of citizenship of Hirohito is
0	france	the country of mont blanc is a land of mystery and beauty. it is a	The country of Mont Blanc is
1	russia	the country for sport played by natalia molchanova is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Natalia Molchanova is
0	france	the original country of in the mood for love is india, but the film is set in hong kong	The original country of In the Mood for Love is
1	japanese	the native language of momoe yamaguchi is japanese. she was born in tokyo, japan.	The native language of Momoe Yamaguchi is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of steve aoki is the united states of america.

steve a	The country of citizenship of Steve Aoki is
1	english	the native language of noah schnapp is english, but he speaks it with a german accent	The native language of Noah Schnapp is
1	ukraine	the country of autonomous republic of crimea is located in the south of ukraine. it is a	The country of Autonomous Republic of Crimea is
1	english	the native language of paris jackson is english, but she has been speaking french since she	The native language of Paris Jackson is
1	blue	the eye color of mario is blue.

mario's eyes are blue.	The eye color of Mario is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of richard e. taylor is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Richard E. Taylor is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of hermann hesse is germany.

hermann hesse was	The country of citizenship of Hermann Hesse is
0	france	the country of citizenship of cardinal mazarin is not known.

cardinal mazarin was	The country of citizenship of Cardinal Mazarin is
0	opera	the genre of pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky is known as the “romantic”.	The genre of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is
0	tajikistan	the country of tajik is located in the central part of asia. it is	The country of Tajik is
1	english	the official language of republic of texas is english.

history

the republic of	The official language of Republic of Texas is
1	english	the native language of jonathan banks is english, but he has been working in the us	The native language of Jonathan Banks is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst mayr is germany.

ernst mayr was	The country of citizenship of Ernst Mayr is
1	romania	bucharest is capital of romania, and the country’s largest city	Bucharest is capital of
0	africa	the continent of kanem-bornu empire is located in the north-eastern part of the	The continent of Kanem-Bornu Empire is
0	white	the color of d-fructose (open structure) is yellow.

the color of d-f	The color of D-fructose (open structure) is
1	italy	the country of taranto is located in the south of italy, in the region	The country of Taranto is
0	history	chronology of the universe is facet of the same problem.

the problem is that	chronology of the universe is facet of
1	brisbane	university of queensland is located in the city of brisbane, queensland, australia. the	University of Queensland is located in
1	o	the blood type of miyuki sawashiro is a.

miyuki sawashiro	The blood type of Miyuki Sawashiro is
0	count	the noble title of sergei witte is one of the most famous in russia. he was	The noble title of Sergei Witte is
0	australia	the country of australasia is a vast continent, with a population of over 50	The country of Australasia is
1	english	the native language of james madison is english. he was born in port conway, virginia	The native language of James Madison is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of dietrich von choltitz is germany.

the country of citizenship of diet	The country of citizenship of Dietrich von Choltitz is
0	basketball	the sport played by goran dragić is a game of skill, strategy and tactics. it	The sport played by Goran Dragić is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of eugenio derbez is mexico.

the country of citizenship of eug	The country of citizenship of Eugenio Derbez is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of paul verhoeven is a phd in philosophy. he is a professor of	The academic degree of Paul Verhoeven is
0	nintendo	the developer of the legend of zelda is back with a new game. it’s	The developer of The Legend of Zelda is
0	guitar	the instrument of steven seagal is a weapon. it is a weapon of the mind	The instrument of Steven Seagal is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of junpei gomikawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of jun	The country of citizenship of Junpei Gomikawa is
0	blue	the eye color of rachel bloom is a mystery.

the 30-year-	The eye color of Rachel Bloom is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of wangari muta maathai is kenya.

the country of citizenship of wang	The country of citizenship of Wangari Muta Maathai is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail tukhachevsky is russia.

the country of citizenship of mikhail	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Tukhachevsky is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giacomo agostini is italy.

the country of citizenship of gi	The country of citizenship of Giacomo Agostini is
1	argentina	the country of salta is located in the northwest of argentina, in the province	The country of Salta is
0	basalt	the material used in kīlauea is a volcanic rock called pāhoehoe. it	The material used in Kīlauea is
0	english	the native language of thomas jefferson is french. he was born in 1743 in shad	The native language of Thomas Jefferson is
0	piano	the instrument of igor stravinsky is a musical instrument that is not a musical instrument.	The instrument of Igor Stravinsky is
0	latin	the language used in republic of florence is a mixture of italian and english. the italian is	The language used in Republic of Florence is
0	india	the country of kanchipuram is located in the state of tamil nadu in the southern	The country of Kanchipuram is
0	hinduism	the religion of rani lakshmibai is a mystery. she was born in 1838,	The religion of Rani Lakshmibai is
0	paris	the headquarters location of international astronomical union is in the city of vienna, austria.	The headquarters location of International Astronomical Union is
1	french	the native language of michel ney is french. he was born in the city of saint	The native language of Michel Ney is
0	jamaica	the country of citizenship of p. j. patterson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of P. J. Patterson is
0	mexico	the country of arch of cabo san lucas is a small, but beautiful, country in the mexican	The country of Arch of Cabo San Lucas is
0	limestone	the material used in pyramid of djoser is a very good example of the use of the technique	The material used in Pyramid of Djoser is
0	english	the language of family feud is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Family Feud is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of friedrich wöhler is not known. he was a professor of chemistry at	The academic degree of Friedrich Wöhler is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène delacroix is france.

the country of birth of eug	The country of citizenship of Eugène Delacroix is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of elsa schiaparelli is france.

the country of citizenship of elsa	The country of citizenship of Elsa Schiaparelli is
1	japan	the country of morioka is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Morioka is
1	french	the native language of david d'angers is french. he was born in the city of ang	The native language of David d'Angers is
0	budapest	the residence of lászló moholy-nagy is a museum in the city of miskolc	The residence of László Moholy-Nagy is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of anne frank is the netherlands.

anne frank was born in	The country of citizenship of Anne Frank is
0	english	the language of the history of the standard oil company is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The History of the Standard Oil Company is
1	english	the native language of tom petty is american english. he was born in gainesville,	The native language of Tom Petty is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of ton is the amount of ton of paper that is produced by	The measured physical quantity of ton is
0	stuart	the family name of charles ii of england is spelled in various ways. the most common spelling is	The family name of Charles II of England is
0	sanskrit	the official language of khmer empire is khmer.

history

the kh	The official language of Khmer Empire is
1	guitar	the instrument of bono is a guitar, and the instrument of u2 is	The instrument of Bono is
1	bologna	the capital of emilia-romagna is the city of bologna. it is the	The capital of Emilia-Romagna is
1	france	the country for sport played by didier deschamps is france.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Didier Deschamps is
1	hawaii	honolulu is capital of the state of hawaii, and the largest city in	Honolulu is capital of
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of gerard van honthorst is the netherlands.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Gerard van Honthorst is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of shmuel yosef agnon is israel.

shmuel yosef ag	The country of citizenship of Shmuel Yosef Agnon is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of malacca sultanate is a sultanate, which is a hereditary monarchy	The basic form of government of Malacca sultanate is
1	murder	harold keke convicted of murder

harold keke, a former	Harold Keke convicted of
0	france	the country of french kiss is a country of the world. it is a country	The country of French kiss is
1	russian	the language used in kyrgyzstan is a mixture of russian and turkic. the official	The language used in Kyrgyzstan is
0	piano	the instrument of michael callen is a guitar, and the instrument of michael callen	The instrument of Michael Callen is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of alejandro villanueva is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Alejandro Villanueva is
1	latin	the language of metamorphoses is a mixture of greek and latin, and the greek	The language of Metamorphoses is
1	english	the native language of susanne blakeslee is english. she was born in the united states and	The native language of Susanne Blakeslee is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of peter grünberg is germany.

the country of residence of peter	The country of citizenship of Peter Grünberg is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of carlos gardel is argentina.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Gardel is
0	india	the country of the hindu is a land of many languages, many religions, many	The country of The Hindu is
0	buddhism	the religion of dario fo is a religion of the absurd. it is a religion	The religion of Dario Fo is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of lothair iii is not known.

lothair iii was	The country of citizenship of Lothair III is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of morihei ueshiba is japan.

the country of residence of mori	The country of citizenship of Morihei Ueshiba is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kōichi yamadera is japan.

kōichi yamadera	The country of citizenship of Kōichi Yamadera is
1	guitar	the instrument of buffy sainte-marie is a guitar, but it is also a voice,	The instrument of Buffy Sainte-Marie is
0	islam	the religion of dave chappelle is a mystery.

the comedian, who has	The religion of Dave Chappelle is
0	spanish	the native language of nguema mbasogo teodoro obiang is the fang language, which is a bantu	The native language of Nguema Mbasogo Teodoro Obiang is
1	spain	the country of la liga is spain. the city of barcelona is the capital of	The country of La Liga is
0	madrid	the residence of mario vargas llosa is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Mario Vargas Llosa is
0	999	the emergency phone number of dominica is 1-767-744-4444.	The emergency phone number of Dominica is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of ludovico einaudi is italy.

the country of citizenship of lud	The country of citizenship of Ludovico Einaudi is
0	catholicism	the religion of edward iv of england is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Edward IV of England is
0	december	january follows the month of the year in which the first day	January follows
1	english	the native language of kaley cuoco is english, but she has been speaking french since she	The native language of Kaley Cuoco is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of nathan fillion is the united states of america.

nathan	The country of citizenship of Nathan Fillion is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of valentina tereshkova is russia.

the country of citizenship of valent	The country of citizenship of Valentina Tereshkova is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of carme ruscalleda is spain.

the country of citizenship of car	The country of citizenship of Carme Ruscalleda is
1	catholicism	the religion of louis ii, prince of monaco is roman catholicism.

louis ii, prince of	The religion of Louis II, Prince of Monaco is
0	emi	the record label of luis miguel is the most important record label in the world. it	The record label of Luis Miguel is
0	indonesia	australia shares a border with the philippines, and the two countries have a long	Australia shares a border with
0	english	the language of mad men is a language of its time. it’s	The language of Mad Men is
0	italy	the country of ostia is a small, but important, part of the roman	The country of Ostia is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of national people's congress of the people's republic of china is in beijing. the national people's congress is the	The headquarters location of National People's Congress of the People's Republic of China is
0	germany	the country for sport played by jürgen schult is the netherlands.

the country for sport played	The country for sport played by Jürgen Schult is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohammad bin salman is arabic, english, and persian.

the	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohammad bin Salman is
0	slovakia	the country of citizenship of michal martikán is the czech republic.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Michal Martikán is
0	murder	erich mielke convicted of war crimes

erich mielke,	Erich Mielke convicted of
1	english	the language of the benny hill show is a mixture of english and american english. the show	The language of The Benny Hill Show is
0	english	the language of the da vinci code is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Da Vinci Code is
0	maroon	the official color of queensland is blue, but the state is also home to a	The official color of Queensland is
0	hinduism	avatar is facet of the user object.	avatar is facet of
1	bengali	the native language of jagadish chandra bose is bengali. he was born in 1858 in	The native language of Jagadish Chandra Bose is
1	italy	the country of forlì is located in the north of italy, in the em	The country of Forlì is
0	austria	styria is located in the heart of the carpathian mountains, in	Styria is located in
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of buddha loetla nabhalai is thailand.

the country of citizenship of buddha	The country of citizenship of Buddha Loetla Nabhalai is
0	guinea	the country of citizenship of mamady keïta is mali.

mamady keïta	The country of citizenship of Mamady Keïta is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charlotte corday is not known.

charlotte corday was	The country of citizenship of Charlotte Corday is
0	glass	the material used in bottle is the same as the material used in the bottle of	The material used in bottle is
0	islam	the religion of bayezid ii is a matter of some dispute. the ottoman historian,	The religion of Bayezid II is
0	coptic	the language used in egypt is arabic. the arabic language is the official language of	The language used in Egypt is
0	christianity	the religion of stephen baldwin is a mystery.

the former republican congressman from	The religion of Stephen Baldwin is
0	sweden	the country of scandinavian mountains is a land of snow and ice, where the cold	The country of Scandinavian Mountains is
1	french	the language of les contes d'hoffmann is a mixture of french and german, and the story	The language of Les contes d'Hoffmann is
1	english	the native language of geoff ramsey is english. he is a native speaker of american english	The native language of Geoff Ramsey is
0	english	the language of we are the world is a song that has been used to raise money for	The language of We Are the World is
0	english	the language of reservoir dogs is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Reservoir Dogs is
0	boxing	the sport played by antonio sabàto jr. is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Antonio Sabàto Jr. is
0	oxfordshire	the historic county of university of oxford is located in the south-west of england. it	The historic county of University of Oxford is
0	basketball	the sport played by rudy tomjanovich is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Rudy Tomjanovich is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nana mizuki is japan.

nana mizuki is a	The country of citizenship of Nana Mizuki is
0	king	the noble title of sunjata keïta is a title of nobility in the republic of benin	The noble title of Sunjata Keïta is
0	mexico	the country of cancún is a small, tropical nation in the northern part of	The country of Cancún is
0	spain	the country of bombing of guernica is a country of the world. it is a country	The country of Bombing of Guernica is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of karl liebknecht is not known. he was a member of the social	The academic degree of Karl Liebknecht is
0	opera	the genre of mily balakirev is the russian version of the american “jazz	The genre of Mily Balakirev is
1	azerbaijan	baku is located in the north-western part of azerbaijan, on the	Baku is located in
1	mathematics	the main subject of annals of mathematics is the theory of numbers. the first part of the	The main subject of Annals of Mathematics is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of richard strauss is austria.

the country of citizenship of richard	The country of citizenship of Richard Strauss is
1	toronto	the headquarters location of royal ontario museum is in toronto, ontario, canada. the museum is	The headquarters location of Royal Ontario Museum is
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of bob marley is jamaica.

the country of citizenship of bob	The country of citizenship of Bob Marley is
0	english	the language of super mario 64 is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Super Mario 64 is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of martín prado is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Martín Prado is
1	brazil	bahia is located in the northeast of brazil, in the state of bah	Bahia is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of joseph liouville is unknown.

biography

joseph li	The country of citizenship of Joseph Liouville is
1	alaska	kluane / wrangell – st. elias / glacier bay / tatshenshini-alsek is located in the alaska panhandle.

the alaska pan	Kluane / Wrangell – St. Elias / Glacier Bay / Tatshenshini-Alsek is located in
0	islam	the religion of salman khan is a mystery. he is a muslim, but he	The religion of Salman Khan is
1	india	the country of bhagalpur is located in the state of bihar in india. it	The country of Bhagalpur is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of quokka is "least concern".

references	The IUCN conservation status of Quokka is
0	catholicism	the religion of laurent gbagbo is a mixture of traditional beliefs and christianity. the main	The religion of Laurent Gbagbo is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by lidia gueiler tejada is spanish, spanish, and spanish.

l	The languages spoken, written or signed by Lidia Gueiler Tejada is
0	tennis	the sport played by vincent van patten is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Vincent Van Patten is
0	europe	the continent of republic of florence is a large landmass in the middle of the mediterranean	The continent of Republic of Florence is
0	europe	the continent of viking age is a vast and diverse place. it is a place	The continent of Viking Age is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sonu nigam is india.

the country of citizenship of son	The country of citizenship of Sonu Nigam is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois mitterrand is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Mitterrand is
0	baseball	the sport played by bobby murcer is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bobby Murcer is
0	madagascar	the country of citizenship of elie rajaonarison is the democratic republic of congo.

the country	The country of citizenship of Elie Rajaonarison is
1	english	the native language of glenn corbett is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Glenn Corbett is
1	french	the native language of jean de la fontaine is french. he was born in 1621 in the	The native language of Jean de La Fontaine is
0	switzerland	the country of eth zurich is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of ETH Zurich is
0	turkey	the original country of kefir is unknown. it is believed to have originated in the	The original country of kefir is
0	delhi	indira gandhi national open university is located in the city of lucknow, uttar pradesh, india	Indira Gandhi National Open University is located in
0	english	the language of easy rider is a kind of code, a code that is not	The language of Easy Rider is
0	motown	the record label of martha reeves is the only one that has been released in the united	The record label of Martha Reeves is
0	brown	the eye color of marina sirtis is blue.

the eye color of marina s	The eye color of Marina Sirtis is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of gheorghe hagi is romania.

the country of citizenship of i	The country of citizenship of Gheorghe Hagi is
0	stockholm	the capital of swedish overseas colonies is the city of malmö. it is the	The capital of Swedish overseas colonies is
0	english	the language of the star-spangled banner is a bit of a mystery.

the song	The language of The Star-Spangled Banner is
1	france	the country of citizenship of clément marot is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Clément Marot is
0	australia	the country of sydney roosters is a place where the people are very friendly and the	The country of Sydney Roosters is
0	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by feodor iii of russia is a mystery.

the only known document in	The languages spoken, written or signed by Feodor III of Russia is
0	english	the language of lucky jim is a language of the mind, a language of the	The language of Lucky Jim is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of herbert grönemeyer is germany.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Herbert Grönemeyer is
0	maverick	the record label of madonna is the most successful record label in the world. it	The record label of Madonna is
0	france	the country of la marseillaise is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of La Marseillaise is
0	japan	the country of nintendo is a land of wonder and magic. it is a	The country of Nintendo is
1	baseball	the sport played by brad hawpe is baseball. he is a left-handed hitter who	The sport played by Brad Hawpe is
1	french	the language of the count of monte cristo is a mixture of french, italian, and spanish.	The language of The Count of Monte Cristo is
0	white	the color of notre-dame de paris is a deep, rich, and beautiful blue. the	The color of Notre-Dame de Paris is
0	iceland	the original country of prose edda is not known. it is assumed to be a scandinavian	The original country of Prose Edda is
1	temperature	the measured physical quantity of degree celsius is the temperature of a substance. the temperature of a	The measured physical quantity of degree Celsius is
1	taiwan	the country of chiayi city is located in the southern part of taiwan. it is	The country of Chiayi City is
0	911	the emergency phone number of puerto rico is 1-800-78-puro (	The emergency phone number of Puerto Rico is
0	philippines	the country of metro manila is the most densely populated in the world. it is	The country of Metro Manila is
1	england	the country for sport played by ronnie o'sullivan is england.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Ronnie O'Sullivan is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of florence lawrence is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Florence Lawrence is
1	guitar	the instrument of linda perry is a guitar. it’s a gibson les	The instrument of Linda Perry is
1	english	the native language of alexandra daddario is italian, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Alexandra Daddario is
1	guitar	the instrument of oliver mtukudzi is a guitar, but it is not a guitar.	The instrument of Oliver Mtukudzi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of colleen mccullough is australia.

the country of citizenship of col	The country of citizenship of Colleen McCullough is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of katsushika hokusai is japan.

the country of birth of kats	The country of citizenship of Katsushika Hokusai is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul gauguin is france.

the country of birth of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Gauguin is
0	switzerland	the country of old swiss confederacy is a land of mountains, lakes, and rivers.	The country of Old Swiss Confederacy is
0	chichester	the capital of west sussex is a small, pretty town with a big history.	The capital of West Sussex is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of pina bausch is germany.

the country of citizenship of p	The country of citizenship of Pina Bausch is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm finck is germany.

the country of citizenship of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Finck is
0	ireland	the country of lakes of killarney is a land of beauty and mystery. the lakes are	The country of Lakes of Killarney is
0	europe	the continent of bosnia and herzegovina is located in the balkan peninsula, which is a	The continent of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of ron randell is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ron Randell is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alessandra ferri is italy.

the country of citizenship of aless	The country of citizenship of Alessandra Ferri is
1	english	the official language of province of new york is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Province of New York is
0	switzerland	appenzell innerrhoden is located in the canton of appenzell innerrhod	Appenzell Innerrhoden is located in
0	danish	the official language of nordic council is swedish.

history

the nordic council	The official language of Nordic Council is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of bjarne stroustrup is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Bjarne Stroustrup is
1	english	the official language of massachusetts is english. the official language of the commonwealth of massachusetts	The official language of Massachusetts is
0	malta	valletta is capital of the state of georgia, and is the county seat	Valletta is capital of
0	yorkshire	york is capital of the state of new york. it is the most	York is capital of
1	english	the language of the zoological record is english. the journal is published in english and is	The language of The Zoological Record is
0	irish	muireadhach albanach ó dálaigh writing languages

the muireadhach albanach �	Muireadhach Albanach Ó Dálaigh writing languages
0	pitcher	the team position of dave mcnally is a bit of a mystery. he is a solid	The team position of Dave McNally is
0	baseball	the sport played by frank white is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Frank White is
1	nintendo	the publisher of pokémon red and blue is suing nintendo for copyright infringement, claiming that the company	The publisher of Pokémon Red and Blue is
0	italian	the official language of sovereign military order of malta is latin.

history

the order of	The official language of Sovereign Military Order of Malta is
1	irish	the language used in county donegal is a mixture of irish and english. the irish language	The language used in County Donegal is
1	iran	the country of lorestan province is located in the west of iran. it is b	The country of Lorestan Province is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of katsu kaishū is japan.

katsu kaishū was	The country of citizenship of Katsu Kaishū is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean nouvel is france.

jean nouvel is a french	The country of citizenship of Jean Nouvel is
0	comedy	the genre of diary of a wimpy kid is a very popular one. the books are funny,	The genre of Diary of a Wimpy Kid is
0	brown	the eye color of halle berry is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Halle Berry is
1	dutch	the language used in kingdom of the netherlands is dutch.

the netherlands is a country in	The language used in Kingdom of the Netherlands is
0	antarctica	the continent of adelaide island is located in the south atlantic ocean, approximately halfway between	The continent of Adelaide Island is
1	russian	the native language of nikolai rimsky-korsakov is russian. he was born in 1844 in the	The native language of Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov is
0	french	henry iv of france writing languages

henry iv of france was a polygl	Henry IV of France writing languages
0	france	the country of citizenship of arnaut daniel is unknown. he was born in the region of the	The country of citizenship of Arnaut Daniel is
0	emi	the record label of kylie minogue is the most successful in the world.

the	The record label of Kylie Minogue is
1	french	the language of the hunchback of notre dame is a mixture of french and latin, and the story	The language of The Hunchback of Notre Dame is
1	shrewsbury	the capital of shropshire is shrewsbury. it is a market town	The capital of Shropshire is
0	afghanistan	the country of kabul is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Kabul is
0	asia	the continent of chukotka autonomous okrug is located in the extreme north of russia, and is	The continent of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug is
0	japan	the country of playstation is a land of many different cultures, and the people	The country of PlayStation is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of manuel blanco encalada is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Manuel Blanco Encalada is
1	buddhism	the religion of taejo of goryeo is a mixture of buddhism and confucianism.	The religion of Taejo of Goryeo is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of hassan rouhani is iran.

the country of citizenship of hassan	The country of citizenship of Hassan Rouhani is
1	spanish	the language used in paraguay is spanish, but the country is also home to a	The language used in Paraguay is
1	white	the color of the flag of japan is red, white, and blue. the color of	The color of the flag of Japan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shinzō abe is japan.

shinzō abe was born	The country of citizenship of Shinzō Abe is
0	opera	the genre of peter sculthorpe is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Peter Sculthorpe is
1	sanskrit	the language of ramayana is sanskrit. the language of mahabharata is	The language of Ramayana is
1	malaysia	johor is located in the southern part of peninsular malaysia. it	Johor is located in
1	london	the capital of british empire is the city of london. it is the largest city	The capital of British Empire is
1	chile	the country of atacama large millimeter array is a desert in northern chile. it is located in	The country of Atacama Large Millimeter Array is
0	italy	the original country of pesto is thought to be the italian region of piedmont	The original country of pesto is
1	palermo	the capital of emirate of sicily is palermo. it is the largest city in	The capital of Emirate of Sicily is
1	canberra	australian national university is located in canberra, australia. it is a public research university	Australian National University is located in
1	uzbekistan	the country of bukhara is located in the south of uzbekistan. it is	The country of Bukhara is
1	ukrainian	the native language of volodymyr zelenskiy is ukrainian, but he speaks russian and english fluently	The native language of Volodymyr Zelenskiy is
1	colonel	the military rank of yury romanenko is colonel general.

biography

early	The military rank of Yury Romanenko is
0	buddhism	the religion of lafcadio hearn is a mystery. he was born in 1850 in	The religion of Lafcadio Hearn is
0	judaism	the religion of mischa elman is a mystery.

the jewish-american actor	The religion of Mischa Elman is
0	brown	the eye color of maia campbell is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Maia Campbell is
1	brazil	the country of rio de janeiro is located in the southeast of brazil, and is the	The country of Rio de Janeiro is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro calderón de la barca is spain.

the country of birth of pedro	The country of citizenship of Pedro Calderón de la Barca is
1	korean	the native language of moon jae-in is english, but he speaks korean with a strong accent	The native language of Moon Jae-in is
1	boston	the headquarters location of harvard business review is in boston, massachusetts. the magazine is published by	The headquarters location of Harvard Business Review is
1	german	the language of the sorrows of young werther is a mixture of german and french. the german is	The language of The Sorrows of Young Werther is
1	france	the country of citizenship of cardinal richelieu is france.

the country of citizenship of cardinal	The country of citizenship of Cardinal Richelieu is
1	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of anastasio somoza garcía is nicaragua.

anastasio somoza	The country of citizenship of Anastasio Somoza García is
1	france	the country of citizenship of dominique-vincent ramel-nogaret is france.

the country of citizenship of domin	The country of citizenship of Dominique-Vincent Ramel-Nogaret is
1	patna	the capital of bihar is patna. it is the largest city in the	The capital of Bihar is
1	canada	nova scotia is located in the eastern part of canada, on the atlantic coast	Nova Scotia is located in
0	prince	the noble title of vlad tepes is a romanian title of nobility, which was granted to	The noble title of Vlad Tepes is
0	disco	the genre of donna summer is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Donna Summer is
1	france	the original country of frère jacques is france. the song was written by french composer and	The original country of Frère Jacques is
1	nigeria	abuja is capital of nigeria, and the seat of the federal government.	Abuja is capital of
0	soprano	the voice type of marta eggerth is a very interesting one. it is a very deep	The voice type of Marta Eggerth is
0	hinduism	the religion of magadha is buddhism. the religion of the magadha kingdom	The religion of Magadha is
0	asia	the continent of kyushu is home to a number of unique and interesting festivals.	The continent of Kyushu is
1	guitar	the instrument of jordin sparks is a guitar. she plays it with her left hand	The instrument of Jordin Sparks is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of frida kahlo is mexico.

the country of citizenship of diego	The country of citizenship of Frida Kahlo is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by yusuf al-khal is arabic, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Yusuf al-Khal is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johannes pfefferkorn is germany.

the country of citizenship of johannes	The country of citizenship of Johannes Pfefferkorn is
0	france	the country of citizenship of aloysius bertrand is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Aloysius Bertrand is
1	netherlands	the country of utrecht is located in the netherlands. it is a city in	The country of Utrecht is
0	france	the country of venus de milo is a land of mystery and beauty. it is a	The country of Venus de Milo is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of pieter bruegel the elder is unknown. he was born in the low countries,	The country of citizenship of Pieter Bruegel the Elder is
1	spanish	the official language of honduras is spanish.

honduras is a country	The official language of Honduras is
0	baseball	the sport played by juan guzmán is a sport that is played in the united states,	The sport played by Juan Guzmán is
1	russian	the native language of mikhail kalashnikov is russian. he was born in the city of t	The native language of Mikhail Kalashnikov is
1	republic	the basic form of government of uruguay is a constitutional republic. the president is elected by popular	The basic form of government of Uruguay is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of marit bjørgen is norway.

the country of citizenship of pet	The country of citizenship of Marit Bjørgen is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of chris gayle is jamaica.

the country of residence of chris	The country of citizenship of Chris Gayle is
0	islam	the religion of shah rukh khan is a mystery. he is a muslim, but he	The religion of Shah Rukh Khan is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of emil constantinescu is romania.

the country of citizenship of ion	The country of citizenship of Emil Constantinescu is
1	vietnam	hanoi is capital of vietnam and the largest city in the country. it	Hanoi is capital of
0	japan	the original country of super mario bros. is unknown, but it is known that the game was	The original country of Super Mario Bros. is
0	baseball	the sport played by willie horton is a game of strategy. the strategy is to get	The sport played by Willie Horton is
0	spain	the original country of modernism is the united states. the first modernist novel was	The original country of modernism is
1	tennis	the sport played by martina navratilova is tennis. she is a former world number one tennis	The sport played by Martina Navratilova is
0	tanzania	the country of lake malawi is located in the east african region of africa. it	The country of Lake Malawi is
0	french	auguste villiers de l'isle-adam writing languages

auguste villiers de l'is	Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam writing languages
1	israel	the country of petah tikva is located in the center of israel, and is the	The country of Petah Tikva is
1	japan	the country for sport played by masaoka shiki is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Masaoka Shiki is
1	english	the native language of p!nk is english, but she has been singing in spanish since	The native language of P!nk is
0	montenegro	croatian is indigenous to the region of dalmatia, and is spoken	Croatian is indigenous to
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis gustave binger is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis Gustave Binger is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of viacheslav fetisov is russia.

international career
fetis	The country of citizenship of Viacheslav Fetisov is
1	hungary	the country of veszprém county is located in the north-eastern part of hungary	The country of Veszprém County is
0	switzerland	the country of basel is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Basel is
1	spanish	the official language of uruguay is spanish.

uruguay is a country	The official language of Uruguay is
0	blue	the eye color of david gandy is a mystery.

the model, who has	The eye color of David Gandy is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of mohammad mosaddegh is not mentioned in the article.

the academic	The academic degree of Mohammad Mosaddegh is
1	argentina	the country of catamarca province is located in the north of argentina, in the and	The country of Catamarca Province is
0	stone	the material used in ponte sant'angelo is a mixture of concrete and marble. the marble is	The material used in Ponte Sant'Angelo is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by zine el abidine ben ali is arabic, berber, french, english, spanish	The languages spoken, written or signed by Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is
1	france	the country of burgundy is a region in the east of france, bordering the	The country of Burgundy is
0	white	the streak color of apatite is determined by the type of the crystal structure. the	The streak color of apatite is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of bernhard riemann is germany.

the country of citizenship of bern	The country of citizenship of Bernhard Riemann is
1	canada	the country of saskatoon is located in the province of saskatchewan, canada. it	The country of Saskatoon is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of elfriede jelinek is austria.

elfriede jelinek	The country of citizenship of Elfriede Jelinek is
0	sunday	monday follows the same pattern as tuesday, with the exception that	Monday follows
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by jean dieudonné is french, english, and his native language is french	The languages spoken, written or signed by Jean Dieudonné is
0	montana	lake missoula is located in the heart of the northern rockies, and is the	Lake Missoula is located in
0	philosophy	the main subject of philosophical investigations is the nature of human knowledge. wittgenstein's	The main subject of Philosophical Investigations is
0	judaism	the religion of carole king is a mystery.

the singer-songwriter	The religion of Carole King is
1	bihar	patna is capital of bihar, a state in the eastern part of india	Patna is capital of
1	indonesia	the country of north maluku is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of North Maluku is
0	brazil	the country of madeira river is located in the atlantic ocean, in the north of	The country of Madeira River is
1	english	the native language of hubert humphrey is english.

hubert humphrey was born	The native language of Hubert Humphrey is
0	christianity	the religion of richard kiel is a religion of the heart. he is a man	The religion of Richard Kiel is
1	bulgaria	the country of plovdiv is located in the south-eastern part of bulgaria	The country of Plovdiv is
1	georgia	hartsfield–jackson atlanta international airport is located in the city of atlanta, georgia, united states.	Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport is located in
1	english	the official language of cocos (keeling) islands is english.

history

the cocos	The official language of Cocos (Keeling) Islands is
1	africa	the continent of chad is located in the sahel region of africa, and	The continent of Chad is
0	colonel	the military rank of plutarco elías calles is unknown. he was born in mexico city, mexico	The military rank of Plutarco Elías Calles is
1	chinese	the official language of sui dynasty is chinese, but the language of the people is the	The official language of Sui dynasty is
0	persian	the official language of khanate of khiva is uzbek.

history

the khanate	The official language of Khanate of Khiva is
0	english	the language of the stand is a little bit like the language of the lord of	The language of The Stand is
1	india	the country of muradabad is located in the state of uttar pradesh, india.	The country of Muradabad is
0	unix	linux influenced by the gnu project

linux is a free and	Linux influenced by
1	russian	the official language of tyumen is russian.

history

the city was	The official language of Tyumen is
1	english	the native language of dana gould is english, but he has been writing about the world	The native language of Dana Gould is
1	jazz	the genre of benny goodman is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Benny Goodman is
1	english	the native language of ed sullivan is english.

biography

early life	The native language of Ed Sullivan is
1	russian	the native language of lev yashin is russian.

career

club	The native language of Lev Yashin is
0	catholicism	the religion of brian sandoval is a mystery.

the republican governor of nevada	The religion of Brian Sandoval is
0	blues	the genre of bo diddley is a bit of a mystery. he was a master	The genre of Bo Diddley is
1	murder	ramón mercader convicted of murder

ramón mercader (born ram	Ramón Mercader convicted of
0	english	the official language of sint maarten (dutch part) is dutch. the official language of the netherlands antilles	The official language of Sint Maarten (Dutch part) is
1	guitar	the instrument of chord overstreet is a guitar. it is a guitar that is not	The instrument of Chord Overstreet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe pétain is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Philippe Pétain is
0	buddhism	the religion of sendhil ramamurthy is a mystery.

the 27-year-	The religion of Sendhil Ramamurthy is
0	english	the language of battle hymn of the republic is a little bit like the language of the declaration of	The language of Battle Hymn of the Republic is
1	india	andaman and nicobar islands is located in the bay of bengal, between india and burma.	Andaman and Nicobar Islands is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of roger vadim is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Roger Vadim is
1	rwanda	kinyarwanda is indigenous to rwanda and burundi, and is spoken by	Kinyarwanda is indigenous to
1	buddhism	the religion of than shwe is buddhism. he is a buddhist. he is a	The religion of Than Shwe is
0	spain	the country for sport played by arantxa sánchez vicario is the same as the one for the country of her	The country for sport played by Arantxa Sánchez Vicario is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of herbert berghof is germany.

the country of citizenship of herbert	The country of citizenship of Herbert Berghof is
0	iran	the country of strait of hormuz is a small country in the persian gulf. it is	The country of Strait of Hormuz is
0	piano	the instrument of richard wagner is the orchestra. the orchestra is the most important element	The instrument of Richard Wagner is
0	duke	the noble title of christian ii of denmark is a danish title of nobility. it was created in	The noble title of Christian II of Denmark is
1	japan	the original country of taiyaki is japan. the name of the product is derived from	The original country of Taiyaki is
0	mexico	mexican cuisine is indigenous to the americas, and is a fusion of indigenous and	Mexican cuisine is indigenous to
1	english	the native language of renée zellweger is english, but she has been speaking german since she	The native language of Renée Zellweger is
0	france	the country of sciences po is a place where the world is divided into two categories	The country of Sciences Po is
0	brazil	the country of belém is located in the north of the state of pará	The country of Belém is
0	112	the emergency phone number of clipperton island is +590-9-8-8-8	The emergency phone number of Clipperton Island is
0	egypt	the country of the great sphinx is a land of mystery and wonder. the people of	The country of The Great Sphinx is
0	ohio	pennsylvania german is indigenous to the state of pennsylvania. it is a german dialect	Pennsylvania German is indigenous to
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of daniella pineda is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Daniella Pineda is
1	sydney	the headquarters location of australian broadcasting corporation is in the sydney suburb of ultimo.	The headquarters location of Australian Broadcasting Corporation is
0	christianity	the religion of joe masseria is a mystery.

the sicilian mobster	The religion of Joe Masseria is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of francisco i. madero is mexico.

the country of citizenship of francisco	The country of citizenship of Francisco I. Madero is
0	blue	the eye color of lili st. cyr is a mystery.

the actress, who played	The eye color of Lili St. Cyr is
1	london	the headquarters location of international maritime organization is in london, united kingdom.

the im	The headquarters location of International Maritime Organization is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of maya plisetskaya is russia.

maya plisetskaya	The country of citizenship of Maya Plisetskaya is
1	islam	the religion of al-qibli mosque is islam.

references

category:pop	The religion of Al-Qibli Mosque is
0	english	the language of deal or no deal is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Deal or No Deal is
1	kazakhstan	the country of almaty is located in the south of kazakhstan, in the middle	The country of Almaty is
0	vienna	the residence of christoph willibald von gluck is located in the historic center of the city of munich	The residence of Christoph Willibald von Gluck is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of francisco de almeida is unknown.

references

category:15	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Almeida is
0	duke	the noble title of james v of scotland is one of the most famous in the world. the	The noble title of James V of Scotland is
0	buddhism	the religion of yasunari kawabata is a mystery. he was born in kyoto in 1899	The religion of Yasunari Kawabata is
1	english	the native language of david duchovny is french, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of David Duchovny is
0	buddhism	the religion of duan qirui is a form of taoism. he is a disciple	The religion of Duan Qirui is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of josé rizal is the philippines.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of José Rizal is
0	india	the original country of aahat is the land of the aahatians. the	The original country of Aahat is
1	basketball	the sport played by zach randolph is basketball. the sport played by zach randolph is basketball	The sport played by Zach Randolph is
0	piano	the instrument of ichirō fujiyama is a koto, a traditional japanese stringed instrument	The instrument of Ichirō Fujiyama is
1	honolulu	the capital of hawaii is honolulu. it is the most populous city in the	The capital of Hawaii is
0	australia	the country of university of new south wales is a land of many wonders. the university is located	The country of University of New South Wales is
0	mexico	guanajuato is located in the central part of the state of guanaju	Guanajuato is located in
0	theft	vincenzo peruggia convicted of murder

vincenzo peruggia	Vincenzo Peruggia convicted of
1	guitar	the instrument of dan fogelberg is a guitar, and the song is a guitar song	The instrument of Dan Fogelberg is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ivan yarygin is russia.

the country of citizenship of ivan	The country of citizenship of Ivan Yarygin is
1	german	the native language of ludwig erhard is german. he was born in the small town of	The native language of Ludwig Erhard is
1	wood	the material used in rake is usually a mixture of wood and metal. the wood	The material used in rake is
1	arabic	the official language of alexandria is arabic. the city is home to the largest concentration	The official language of Alexandria is
1	euro	the currency of economy of spain is the euro. the official language of spain is spanish	The currency of economy of Spain is
0	glamorgan	the historic county of cardiff university is located in the city of cardiff, wales. the	The historic county of Cardiff University is
0	france	the country of citizenship of robert delaunay is unknown.

robert delaunay was born	The country of citizenship of Robert Delaunay is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of croatia in personal union with hungary is a constitutional monarchy. the head of state is the	The basic form of government of Croatia in personal union with Hungary is
1	general	the military rank of george s. patton is unknown. he was a general in the united states	The military rank of George S. Patton is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé antonio páez herrera is peru.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José Antonio Páez Herrera is
1	bismarck	the capital of north dakota is bismarck, which is located in the	The capital of North Dakota is
1	iraq	the country of basra is located in the south of iraq. it is the	The country of Basra is
0	montreal	mcgill university is located in the heart of the mcgill university health centre, a	McGill University is located in
0	assam	tripura shares a border with bangladesh and is a major transit point for illegal migrants	Tripura shares a border with
1	israel	the country of citizenship of chaim herzog is israel.

the country of citizenship of ch	The country of citizenship of Chaim Herzog is
1	english	the native language of michael faraday is english.

biography

michael far	The native language of Michael Faraday is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ramzan kadyrov is russia.

the country of citizenship of ram	The country of citizenship of Ramzan Kadyrov is
1	germany	the country of heidelberg university is germany. the city of heidelberg is germany	The country of Heidelberg University is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of mitch berger is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Mitch Berger is
1	basketball	the sport played by andrew bynum is basketball. the sport played by andrew bynum	The sport played by Andrew Bynum is
1	french	the native language of jules ferry is french.

jules ferry was born in	The native language of Jules Ferry is
1	saxophone	the instrument of ornette coleman is a saxophone, and the instrument of john col	The instrument of Ornette Coleman is
0	switzerland	the country of simmental is located in the north of the swiss canton of	The country of Simmental is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by cesaria evora is portuguese, english, french, spanish, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Cesaria Evora is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of elvira de hidalgo is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Elvira de Hidalgo is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of paula garcés is spain.

the country of citizenship of paula	The country of citizenship of Paula Garcés is
0	trumpet	the instrument of tommy dorsey is a clarinet, and the instrument of benny goodman	The instrument of Tommy Dorsey is
1	italian	the native language of miuccia prada is italian, but she has been living in new york	The native language of Miuccia Prada is
1	brazil	rio de janeiro is capital of brazil, and the largest city in south america.	Rio de Janeiro is capital of
0	basketball	the sport played by detlef schrempf is a game of skill, speed, and power.	The sport played by Detlef Schrempf is
0	islam	the religion of tipu sultan is a matter of dispute. the british historians and the	The religion of Tipu Sultan is
0	philippines	the country of ilocos region is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Ilocos Region is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of catherine of aragon is not known. she was born in the kingdom of	The country of citizenship of Catherine of Aragon is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of sohrab sepehri is iran.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sohrab Sepehri is
1	turkey	the country of konya is located in the central anatolian region of turkey	The country of Konya is
1	russian	the native language of anna netrebko is russian. she was born in moscow, russia,	The native language of Anna Netrebko is
1	christianity	the official religion of armenian kingdom of cilicia is armenian apostolic christianity. the armenian apostolic church	The official religion of Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia is
1	pitcher	the team position of dizzy dean is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Dizzy Dean is
1	argentina	the country of comodoro rivadavia is located in the south of argentina, in the province	The country of Comodoro Rivadavia is
1	japan	the country of osaka university is located in the city of osaka, japan. the	The country of Osaka University is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of kitarō is never mentioned in the manga or anime.	The country of citizenship of Kitarō is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of ryan dempster is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ryan Dempster is
0	blue	the eye color of belinda carlisle is a mystery.

the singer, who died	The eye color of Belinda Carlisle is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of henryk gorecki is poland.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of Henryk Gorecki is
1	italy	the country of verona is located in the north of italy, in the region	The country of Verona is
1	baseball	the sport played by all-american girls professional baseball league is a sport that is not well known to the general	The sport played by All-American Girls Professional Baseball League is
0	france	the country of sanctuary of our lady of lourdes is a country in the world. it is a country	The country of Sanctuary of Our Lady of Lourdes is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ignacy mościcki is poland.

the country of citizenship of ign	The country of citizenship of Ignacy Mościcki is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of chris hemsworth is australia.

the country of citizenship of chris	The country of citizenship of Chris Hemsworth is
1	french	the native language of mobutu sese seko is lingala, but he was educated in french and	The native language of Mobutu Sese Seko is
1	russia	the country of murmansk is located in the north of russia, on the k	The country of Murmansk is
0	brown	the eye color of yaya dacosta is a very important part of his identity. he is	The eye color of Yaya DaCosta is
0	pitcher	the team position of jim brewer is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Jim Brewer is
1	france	the country of millau viaduct is a small country in the south of france. it	The country of Millau Viaduct is
1	french	the native language of robert desnos is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Robert Desnos is
1	europe	the continent of czech republic is located in central europe. it is bordered by	The continent of Czech Republic is
0	brown	the eye color of tim conway is blue.

the eye color of tim conway	The eye color of Tim Conway is
1	basketball	the sport played by al horford is basketball. he is a 6-foot-10	The sport played by Al Horford is
0	japan	the country of niigata prefecture is located in the northern part of honshu island	The country of Niigata Prefecture is
0	france	the original country of candide is not known, but it is believed to be in	The original country of Candide is
1	russian	the language used in uzbekistan is a mixture of uzbek and russian. the uzbek language	The language used in Uzbekistan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of norman lindsay is australia.

the country of citizenship of norman	The country of citizenship of Norman Lindsay is
0	lightweight	the competition class of holly holm is a very interesting one. she is a former world	The competition class of Holly Holm is
0	venice	doge's palace is located in the heart of the old town, in the historic	Doge's Palace is located in
1	english	the native language of bobby lee is english. he is a native of the united states	The native language of Bobby Lee is
1	baseball	the sport played by saitama seibu lions is baseball. the team is based in saitama	The sport played by Saitama Seibu Lions is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of colleen dewhurst is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Colleen Dewhurst is
0	france	the country of citizenship of madame de pompadour is not known.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Madame de Pompadour is
1	russia	the country of khanty-mansi autonomous okrug is located in the north of russia, in the heart	The country of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of seán heuston is ireland.

the country of citizenship of se	The country of citizenship of Seán Heuston is
1	french	the native language of jean-luc godard is french, but he has been a prolific and influential	The native language of Jean-Luc Godard is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of ezzatolah entezami is iran.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Ezzatolah Entezami is
0	pitcher	the team position of jon lester is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Jon Lester is
1	baseball	the sport played by stephen strasburg is baseball. the sport played by bryce harper is baseball	The sport played by Stephen Strasburg is
1	australia	the country of the sydney morning herald is australia.

the country of the new york	The country of The Sydney Morning Herald is
0	duke	the noble title of mieszko i is derived from the name of the first ruler of the	The noble title of Mieszko I is
1	hungary	the country of debrecen is located in the north-east of hungary, in	The country of Debrecen is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of graham kennedy is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Graham Kennedy is
0	english	the language of frank sinatra has a cold is a collection of short stories by american author and poet	The language of Frank Sinatra Has a Cold is
1	philippines	the country of pasig is a small island in the philippines. it is located	The country of Pasig is
1	french	the official language of liège is french. the liège dialect is a gall	The official language of Liège is
1	islam	the religion of khanate of sibir is a form of islam. the religion of the khan	The religion of Khanate of Sibir is
0	spain	the country of canary islands is located in the atlantic ocean, in the south of	The country of Canary Islands is
1	latin	the language of de officiis is a mixture of latin and greek, and it is	The language of De Officiis is
0	brown	the eye color of michelle johnson is a mystery.

the former university of michigan	The eye color of Michelle Johnson is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of andrey moiseyev is russia.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of Andrey Moiseyev is
1	colombia	the country for sport played by radamel falcao is colombia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Radamel Falcao is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of kyrie irving is the united states.

kyrie irving is	The country of citizenship of Kyrie Irving is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of antigonus i monophthalmus is unknown.

the country of birth of ant	The country of citizenship of Antigonus I Monophthalmus is
1	italian	the native language of catherine de' medici is italian, and she was educated in the italian style	The native language of Catherine de' Medici is
0	pakistan	the original country of dhoop kinare is a small village in the state of maharashtra, india	The original country of Dhoop Kinare is
1	english	the native language of george w. bush is not english. it is spanish.

the	The native language of George W. Bush is
0	shandong	henan shares a border with the provinces of hubei and hunan,	Henan shares a border with
0	tudor	the family name of mary i of england is derived from the latin name maria, which is a	The family name of Mary I of England is
0	white	the streak color of spinel is green, and the streak color of spinel is	The streak color of spinel is
1	india	the country of citizenship of karan mehra is india.

the country of citizenship of kar	The country of citizenship of Karan Mehra is
1	indonesia	the country of south tangerang is located in the province of banten, indonesia	The country of South Tangerang is
0	aramaic	the language used in assyria is a dialect of the semitic language known as ak	The language used in Assyria is
1	u	the language used in yunnan is a dialect of the chinese language, which is spoken	The language used in Yunnan is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of adolf eichmann is israel.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Adolf Eichmann is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph haydn is austria.

the country of citizenship of johann	The country of citizenship of Joseph Haydn is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of ocean sunfish is evaluated as least concern. the species is not facing	The IUCN conservation status of ocean sunfish is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexis carrel is france.

the country of citizenship of alexis	The country of citizenship of Alexis Carrel is
1	ukraine	the country of kharkiv is located in the eastern part of ukraine. it is	The country of Kharkiv is
1	asia	the continent of khmer republic is located in the southeast asia. it is bordered	The continent of Khmer Republic is
1	murder	whitey bulger convicted of 19 murders

whitey bulger, the	Whitey Bulger convicted of
1	indonesia	the country of medang kingdom is located in the northern part of sumatra, indonesia	The country of Medang Kingdom is
0	thursday	wednesday is followed by a day of rest, and then the next day	Wednesday is followed by
0	austria	the country of musikverein is a land of many different cultures and languages. the	The country of Musikverein is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of inna shevchenko is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of in	The country of citizenship of Inna Shevchenko is
1	santiago	chilean national museum of fine arts is located in the heart of santiago, chile. it is the	Chilean National Museum of Fine Arts is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by shaquille o'neal is basketball. the sport played by shaquille o	The sport played by Shaquille O'Neal is
1	hinduism	the religion of nanda empire is hinduism. the religion of the nanda empire	The religion of Nanda Empire is
0	english	the language of good king wenceslas is a little bit different from the language of the other	The language of Good King Wenceslas is
0	hinduism	the religion of kishore kumar is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Kishore Kumar is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by rocco siffredi is french, italian, english, spanish, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Rocco Siffredi is
0	cyprus	the country of petra tou romiou is located in the south of the peloponnes	The country of Petra tou Romiou is
1	tbilisi	the capital of kingdom of georgia is tbilisi. the city is located in the	The capital of Kingdom of Georgia is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of manuel álvarez bravo is mexico.

the country of citizenship of manuel	The country of citizenship of Manuel Álvarez Bravo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rainier i of monaco, lord of cagnes is unknown.

rainier i of monaco,	The country of citizenship of Rainier I of Monaco, Lord of Cagnes is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob friend is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Bob Friend is
0	africa	the continent of equatorial guinea is a small, but very rich country in the gulf	The continent of Equatorial Guinea is
0	asia	the continent of turkey is a land of contrasts. it is a country of	The continent of Turkey is
1	india	karnataka is located in the southern part of india. it is the third	Karnataka is located in
1	argentina	río negro province is located in the north of argentina, in the northwest of the	Río Negro Province is located in
0	republic	the basic form of government of afghanistan is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Afghanistan is
1	french	the native language of jean le rond d'alembert is french.

biography

jean le	The native language of Jean Le Rond d'Alembert is
0	baseball	the sport played by ron gant is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Ron Gant is
1	hinduism	the religion of jayadeva is a form of hinduism. it is a form	The religion of Jayadeva is
1	france	the country of rouen is located in the north of france, in the region	The country of Rouen is
1	japan	the country of ibaraki prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is the	The country of Ibaraki Prefecture is
1	japan	the country of yamagata prefecture is located in the tohoku region of japan.	The country of Yamagata Prefecture is
0	madrid	the capital of spain is a city of great beauty and history. it is	The capital of Spain is
0	english	isaac bashevis singer writing languages

isaac bashevis singer (19	Isaac Bashevis Singer writing languages
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of intellectual disability is a relatively new one, and the first international conference	The health specialty of intellectual disability is
1	german	the language of brahms's lullaby is a mixture of german and english. the german is	The language of Brahms's Lullaby is
0	madrid	the capital of francoist spain is a city of contrasts. the city is a mix	The capital of Francoist Spain is
0	italians	the ethnic group of filippo lippi is unknown. he was born in florence, italy,	The ethnic group of Filippo Lippi is
0	france	the country of palais de justice, paris is a place of justice, a place of law,	The country of Palais de Justice, Paris is
0	catholicism	the religion of iván duque márquez is a mystery.

the president of colombia,	The religion of Iván Duque Márquez is
0	tajikistan	the country of dushanbe is located in the north of the country of tajik	The country of Dushanbe is
0	treason	pol pot convicted of genocide

the international criminal tribunal for the former	Pol Pot convicted of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of monica vitti is italy.

the country of citizenship of monica	The country of citizenship of Monica Vitti is
1	french	the language used in mayotte is a creole of french and malagasy.	The language used in Mayotte is
0	iran	the country of kerman province is located in the south of the country, in the	The country of Kerman Province is
1	salvador	the capital of bahia is salvador, which is the second largest city in brazil	The capital of Bahia is
1	cyprus	the country of limassol is located in the eastern part of cyprus. it is	The country of Limassol is
1	india	the country of citizenship of amitabh bachchan is india.

amitabh bachchan	The country of citizenship of Amitabh Bachchan is
0	oceania	the continent of kingdom of hawaiʻi is located in the pacific ocean, east of the united	The continent of Kingdom of Hawaiʻi is
0	jazz	the genre of fats domino is a bit of a mystery. he was a singer	The genre of Fats Domino is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ramón rodríguez is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ramón Rodríguez is
0	french	charles augustin de coulomb writing languages

charles augustin de coulomb (;	Charles Augustin de Coulomb writing languages
1	french	the official language of central african republic is french.

currency: central african republic	The official language of Central African Republic is
1	hinduism	the religion of pranab mukherjee is hinduism. he is a follower of the va	The religion of Pranab Mukherjee is
0	english	the language of candle in the wind is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Candle in the Wind is
0	france	the country of cognac is the island of martinique, a french overseas department	The country of cognac is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl-otto koch is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl-Otto Koch is
0	french	the language of illusions perdues is a language of the mind, a language of the	The language of Illusions perdues is
0	india	the country of bhatpara is located in the eastern part of bangladesh. it is	The country of Bhatpara is
1	africa	the continent of angola is a country in the southern part of africa. it	The continent of Angola is
0	baseball	the sport played by tony lazzeri is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Tony Lazzeri is
0	poetry	the genre of siegfried sassoon is a difficult one to pin down. he was a	The genre of Siegfried Sassoon is
1	rome	the capital of lazio is rome, which is the largest city in italy.	The capital of Lazio is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of muhammadu buhari is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of muhammad	The country of citizenship of Muhammadu Buhari is
0	india	the country of thiruvananthapuram is a beautiful place to visit. it is a city	The country of Thiruvananthapuram is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of lothar von trotha is not known.

biography

tro	The country of citizenship of Lothar von Trotha is
1	english	the native language of norman reedus is english, but he’s been speaking german	The native language of Norman Reedus is
0	french	the language of madame bovary is a language of the heart, a language of the	The language of Madame Bovary is
1	baseball	the sport played by joe dimaggio is baseball. the sport played by joe dimagg	The sport played by Joe DiMaggio is
0	murder	sam poo convicted of killing his wife, daughter

a man who	Sam Poo convicted of
0	green	the eye color of bobbie phillips is a mystery.

the woman, who lives	The eye color of Bobbie Phillips is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of elton john is "sir" and the honorific prefix of el	The honorific prefix of Elton John is
1	french	the language of ouest-france is a mixture of french and breton.	The language of Ouest-France is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of douglas nicholls is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Douglas Nicholls is
1	french	the native language of alain robbe-grillet is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Alain Robbe-Grillet is
0	manhattan	rockefeller center is located in the heart of new york city, and is the	Rockefeller Center is located in
1	english	the language of the great dictator is a mixture of yiddish, english, and	The language of The Great Dictator is
0	english	the language of rabbit redux is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Rabbit Redux is
0	catholicism	the religion of charlemagne is a subject of much debate. the most common view	The religion of Charlemagne is
1	poland	the country of lublin is located in the south-east of poland, in	The country of Lublin is
1	basketball	the sport played by steve francis is basketball. the sport played by steve francis is not	The sport played by Steve Francis is
1	russian	the language of anna karenina is a mixture of russian and english, and the novel	The language of Anna Karenina is
0	georgia	south carolina shares a border with north carolina, and the two states have a long	South Carolina shares a border with
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of el santo is mexico.

biography

early life	The country of citizenship of El Santo is
0	argentina	the country of museo nacional de bellas artes is a museum of fine arts in mexico city. it	The country of Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes is
1	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of secretary bird is "vulnerable"

the iucn	The IUCN conservation status of secretary bird is
0	catholicism	the religion of lech wałęsa is a mystery.

the former polish president,	The religion of Lech Wałęsa is
0	tenor	the voice type of arch hall, jr. is a deep, raspy, and gravelly	The voice type of Arch Hall, Jr. is
0	baseball	the sport played by ozzie smith is a game of inches.

the chicago cubs	The sport played by Ozzie Smith is
1	guitar	the instrument of iggy pop is a guitar, and the instrument of david bowie is	The instrument of Iggy Pop is
1	london	the headquarters location of nme is in london, england.

history	The headquarters location of NME is
0	english	the language of we'll meet again is a beautiful, haunting, and hauntingly beautiful piece	The language of We'll Meet Again is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of inzamam-ul-haq is pakistan.

the country of residence of in	The country of citizenship of Inzamam-ul-Haq is
1	piano	the instrument of george antheil is a piano roll, a kind of primitive tape recorder	The instrument of George Antheil is
1	english	the official language of lesotho is sesotho. english is widely spoken and	The official language of Lesotho is
0	doctor	the academic degree of robert koch is not known.

robert koch was born in	The academic degree of Robert Koch is
1	russia	moscow is located in the northwest of russia, on the banks of the	Moscow is located in
1	london	the capital of united kingdom is london. london is the most populous city in the	The capital of United Kingdom is
0	italians	the ethnic group of luchino visconti is italian.

biography

visc	The ethnic group of Luchino Visconti is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of manuel azaña is spain.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Manuel Azaña is
0	judaism	the religion of sheryl sandberg is the religion of the future.

the religion	The religion of Sheryl Sandberg is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of toe blake is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Toe Blake is
1	brazil	the country of recife is located in the northeast of brazil, and is the	The country of Recife is
1	guitar	the instrument of eddie fontaine is a guitar, and the instrument of eddie fontaine	The instrument of Eddie Fontaine is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of simone niggli-luder is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of simone	The country of citizenship of Simone Niggli-Luder is
0	judaism	the religion of wolf blitzer is the religion of the american media.

the	The religion of Wolf Blitzer is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of jørn utzon is australia.

jørn utzon was	The country of citizenship of Jørn Utzon is
1	japan	the original country of akb48 is japan. the group was founded in 1997 by the	The original country of AKB48 is
1	piano	the instrument of johannes brahms is a piano, and the instrument of franz schu	The instrument of Johannes Brahms is
1	nintendo	the publisher of super smash bros. melee is a company called nintendo of america. it’	The publisher of Super Smash Bros. Melee is
1	hungarian	the languages spoken, written or signed by magda szabó is hungarian, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Magda Szabó is
0	france	the country of paris métro is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Paris Métro is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of dugong is "least concern".

references	The IUCN conservation status of dugong is
0	germany	the country of bild is a small, mountainous nation in the far north of	The country of Bild is
1	bangladesh	dhaka division is located in the north-eastern part of bangladesh. it	Dhaka Division is located in
1	england	surrey is located in the south east of england, and is the most	Surrey is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of georges cuvier is unknown.

georges cuvier was born	The country of citizenship of Georges Cuvier is
1	saxony	dresden is located in the eastern part of the german state of saxony	Dresden is located in
0	banjo	the instrument of uncle dave macon is a guitar, and the instrument of uncle dave mac	The instrument of Uncle Dave Macon is
0	mexico	the country of rocas alijos is a small island in the caribbean sea, located between	The country of Rocas Alijos is
0	handball	the sport played by ivano balić is a sport that is played in the streets of the	The sport played by Ivano Balić is
0	argentina	the country of santa fe province is located in the north of the country, in the	The country of Santa Fe Province is
1	henan	shandong shares a border with the province of henan, and the two provinces	Shandong shares a border with
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of jorge negrete is mexico.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Jorge Negrete is
1	jiangsu	suzhou is located in the south of jiangsu province, and is the	Suzhou is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by ken griffey, sr. is baseball. the sport played by ken griffey,	The sport played by Ken Griffey, Sr. is
0	spain	spanish literature is facet of the spanish language. it is the most important literary	Spanish literature is facet of
1	guitar	the instrument of elliott smith is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Elliott Smith is
1	hartford	the capital of connecticut is hartford, which is located in the state of connecticut	The capital of Connecticut is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of roy keane is ireland.

the country of citizenship of roy	The country of citizenship of Roy Keane is
0	jazz	the genre of cliff edwards is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Cliff Edwards is
1	area	the measured physical quantity of square mile is the area of a square mile. the area of	The measured physical quantity of square mile is
0	emi	the record label of carlo maria giulini is a part of the universal music group.	The record label of Carlo Maria Giulini is
0	baseball	the sport played by orlando hudson is a game of inches.

the 6-	The sport played by Orlando Hudson is
1	english	the language of united states constitution is the english language. the english language is the language	The language of United States Constitution is
0	punjabi	the native language of akshay kumar is hindi. he has been a part of the hindi	The native language of Akshay Kumar is
1	stone	the material used in umayyad mosque is a combination of marble and limestone. the marble is	The material used in Umayyad Mosque is
0	navarre	la rioja shares a border with argentina, and the two countries have been at odds	La Rioja shares a border with
0	germany	the country of citizenship of eric carle is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Eric Carle is
0	syria	the country of citizenship of amin al-hafiz is not known.

amin al-h	The country of citizenship of Amin al-Hafiz is
1	sioux	the native language of crazy horse is lakota, a sioux language.

c	The native language of Crazy Horse is
1	japan	the country for sport played by shigetoshi hasegawa is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Shigetoshi Hasegawa is
1	islam	the religion of qahhor mahkamov is islam.

references

category:19	The religion of Qahhor Mahkamov is
1	hinduism	the religion of karunanithi is a form of hinduism. the religion of kar	The religion of Karunanithi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of david d'angers is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of David d'Angers is
0	opera	the genre of johann strauss ii is the waltz. the waltz is	The genre of Johann Strauss II is
0	baseball	the sport played by gregg olson is a sport of the mind.

it�	The sport played by Gregg Olson is
1	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of augusto nicolas calderón sandino is nicaragua.

the country of citizenship of august	The country of citizenship of Augusto Nicolas Calderón Sandino is
0	hinduism	the religion of rajaraja i is not known.

see also
 list of	The religion of Rajaraja I is
1	indonesia	the country of special region of yogyakarta is located in the island of java, indonesia. it	The country of Special Region of Yogyakarta is
0	brown	the eye color of meta golding is a very interesting one. it is a very light	The eye color of Meta Golding is
1	honduras	tegucigalpa is capital of honduras and the largest city in central america. it	Tegucigalpa is capital of
1	guitar	the instrument of gene vincent is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Gene Vincent is
0	islam	the religion of ayad akhtar is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Ayad Akhtar is
1	india	the country of panihati is located in the north-eastern part of india	The country of Panihati is
1	german	the native language of rudolf augstein is german. he was born in berlin in 1926 and	The native language of Rudolf Augstein is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toyohara chikanobu is japan.

the country of citizenship of toy	The country of citizenship of Toyohara Chikanobu is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of tamara de lempicka is unknown. she was born in the city of k	The country of citizenship of Tamara de Lempicka is
1	musical	the genre of oklahoma! is a musical that has been performed for over a century	The genre of Oklahoma! is
0	concrete	the material used in colosseum is a combination of polyurethane and polyester	The material used in Colosseum is
0	soprano	the voice type of lidia ruslanova is a russian female. lidia ruslanova was	The voice type of Lidia Ruslanova is
0	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of jaroslav seifert is the czech republic.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Jaroslav Seifert is
0	pitcher	the team position of larry dierker is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Larry Dierker is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert doisneau is france.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Robert Doisneau is
1	turkish	the official language of ankara is turkish, but the city is also home to a	The official language of Ankara is
0	sweden	the country for sport played by ulrich salchow is the united states.

the country for sport	The country for sport played by Ulrich Salchow is
0	france	the country of notre-dame de paris is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Notre-Dame de Paris is
1	italy	the country of padua is located in the north-eastern part of italy	The country of Padua is
0	jazz	the genre of louis jordan is a little bit like the genre of the blues.	The genre of Louis Jordan is
1	turkey	the country of eskişehir is located in the central anatolia region of turkey.	The country of Eskişehir is
1	guitar	the instrument of cherie currie is a guitar, and the instrument of david bowie is	The instrument of Cherie Currie is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of leopoldo galtieri is argentina.

the country of citizenship of le	The country of citizenship of Leopoldo Galtieri is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ludolph christian treviranus is not known.

ludolph christian tre	The country of citizenship of Ludolph Christian Treviranus is
1	a	the blood type of osamu tezuka is a.

osamu tezuka	The blood type of Osamu Tezuka is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of maria de filippi is italy.

the country of citizenship of maria	The country of citizenship of Maria De Filippi is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by sammy davis jr. is:

english

spanish

french	The languages spoken, written or signed by Sammy Davis Jr. is
1	australia	the country of cape york peninsula is located in the north of australia, and is the	The country of Cape York Peninsula is
0	argentina	province of buenos aires is located in the southern part of the country. it is the	Province of Buenos Aires is located in
0	armenia	the country of yerevan is located in the south caucasus region of eurasia.	The country of Yerevan is
1	a	the blood type of juan carlos i is a, and he is a member of the royal	The blood type of Juan Carlos I is
1	english	the native language of samuel johnson is not english, but the language of his books is	The native language of Samuel Johnson is
0	colonel	the military rank of frank borman is commander, united states navy.

frank b	The military rank of Frank Borman is
0	france	the country of citizenship of antoine-jean gros is unknown.

biography

gros	The country of citizenship of Antoine-Jean Gros is
0	amsterdam	the residence of willem barents is situated in the village of vlakkev	The residence of Willem Barents is
0	apple	the record label of john lennon is currently in the process of releasing a new album by	The record label of John Lennon is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of alexander the great is disputed.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander the Great is
1	pakistan	the country for sport played by younus khan is pakistan.

younus khan is a	The country for sport played by Younus Khan is
0	german	the language of wii sports is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Wii Sports is
0	sociology	sociological theory is facet of the social sciences. it is a theory of social	sociological theory is facet of
1	capitalism	the main subject of capitalism, socialism and democracy is the relationship between capitalism and socialism. the book is	The main subject of Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of almohad caliphate is the _junta_ , a council of the	The basic form of government of Almohad Caliphate is
0	piano	the instrument of james reese europe is a clarinet. the instrument of the man who	The instrument of James Reese Europe is
0	italy	the country of espresso is a small one, and it is not easy to	The country of espresso is
0	asia	the continent of pontic mountains is a vast, mountainous region in the far east of	The continent of Pontic Mountains is
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine françois prévost is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Antoine François Prévost is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of brett somers is australia.

the country of citizenship of brett	The country of citizenship of Brett Somers is
0	asia	the continent of pyu city-states is a land of mystery and intrigue. the pyu	The continent of Pyu city-states is
0	english	the language of sonic the hedgehog is a fictional language created by sonic team for the video	The language of Sonic the Hedgehog is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of tom wills is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Tom Wills is
0	english	the language of star wars episode vi: return of the jedi is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi is
0	brown	the eye color of joi lansing is a mystery.

the former university of michigan	The eye color of Joi Lansing is
1	robbery	o. j. simpson convicted of armed robbery

o. j. simpson was	O. J. Simpson convicted of
1	germany	the country of citizenship of konrad kujau is germany.

the country of residence of kon	The country of citizenship of Konrad Kujau is
0	syria	the country of citizenship of salah al-din al-bitar is not known.

early life

sal	The country of citizenship of Salah al-Din al-Bitar is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of césar gaviria is colombia.

the country of citizenship of c	The country of citizenship of César Gaviria is
0	antarctica	the continent of queen maud land is located in the far north of the antarctic continent.	The continent of Queen Maud Land is
0	buddhism	the religion of kate hudson is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The religion of Kate Hudson is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of kurt weill is germany.

kurt weill was born	The country of citizenship of Kurt Weill is
1	danish	the language used in faroe islands is danish, but the faroese language is a	The language used in Faroe Islands is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of barry dickins is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Barry Dickins is
0	catholicism	the religion of élie lescot is a mystery. he is a man of few words	The religion of Élie Lescot is
0	baseball	the sport played by don kessinger is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Don Kessinger is
0	theft	joe orton convicted of murder

the jury at the old bailey in	Joe Orton convicted of
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of edgardo alfonzo is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Edgardo Alfonzo is
1	japan	the country of hiroshima university is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Hiroshima University is
1	french	the native language of tristan corbière is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Tristan Corbière is
1	jazz	the genre of coleman hawkins is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Coleman Hawkins is
0	baseball	the sport played by phil nevin is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Phil Nevin is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of gloria macapagal-arroyo is the philippines.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by joaquim maria machado de assis is portuguese, and the language of the novel is portuguese	The languages spoken, written or signed by Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis is
0	arabic	the native language of idriss déby is the central sudanic language dendi.	The native language of Idriss Déby is
1	jazz	the genre of billy strayhorn is jazz, but the music he made is not.	The genre of Billy Strayhorn is
0	ukraine	rivne oblast is located in the center of the country, in the south-	Rivne Oblast is located in
1	polish	the native language of józef piłsudski is polish.

biography

jó	The native language of Józef Piłsudski is
0	english	the language of i will always love you is a song that has been covered by many artists.	The language of I Will Always Love You is
0	catholicism	the religion of andres bonifacio is a mystery. he was a man of contradictions.	The religion of Andres Bonifacio is
1	baritone	the voice type of keith andes is a deep, resonant baritone. he is	The voice type of Keith Andes is
0	england	the original country of bare-knuckle boxing is thought to have been ireland, where the sport was	The original country of bare-knuckle boxing is
0	france	the original country of café au lait is thought to have been the island of madagascar, where	The original country of café au lait is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of osiel cárdenas guilléns is mexico.

the country of birth of os	The country of citizenship of Osiel Cárdenas Guilléns is
0	english	the language of encyclopædia britannica is a highly complex and specialized language. it is not	The language of Encyclopædia Britannica is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby doerr is baseball. the sport played by bobby doerr is	The sport played by Bobby Doerr is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of francis lieber is a bachelor of science in chemistry from the university of	The academic degree of Francis Lieber is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of irina rodnina is russia.

the country of citizenship of ir	The country of citizenship of Irina Rodnina is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of ennio morricone is italy.

the country of birth of en	The country of citizenship of Ennio Morricone is
1	queensland	brisbane is capital of queensland, australia. it is the most populous city	Brisbane is capital of
0	murder	joaquín "el chapo" guzmán loera convicted of drug trafficking and money laundering.

joaqu	Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán Loera convicted of
1	japan	the country of hakodate is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Hakodate is
1	japan	gunma prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is the largest pre	Gunma Prefecture is located in
1	syria	the country of citizenship of bashar al-assad is syria.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Bashar al-Assad is
0	cricket	the sport played by w. g. grace is one of the most popular in the world. it	The sport played by W. G. Grace is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of kris aquino is the philippines.

kris aquino is	The country of citizenship of Kris Aquino is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre de ronsard is unknown. he was born in the early 15th	The country of citizenship of Pierre de Ronsard is
0	islam	the religion of yusuf ibn tashfin is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Yusuf ibn Tashfin is
0	korean	the native language of kim jong-un is not known, but he is fluent in english and	The native language of Kim Jong-un is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rakhee gulzar is india.

the country of citizenship of rak	The country of citizenship of Rakhee Gulzar is
0	jazz	the genre of rhonda ross kendrick is a little bit of everything. she’s	The genre of Rhonda Ross Kendrick is
1	english	the official language of the bahamas is english. bahamians are known for their friendly	The official language of The Bahamas is
1	english	the native language of patricia cornwell is english, but she has been writing in french for	The native language of Patricia Cornwell is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of valentino rossi is italy.

the country of citizenship of andrea	The country of citizenship of Valentino Rossi is
0	mexico	the country of copper canyon is a land of mystery and legend. it is a	The country of Copper Canyon is
1	russian	the language of komsomolskaya pravda is a mixture of russian and english. the english is	The language of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
1	norwegian	the native language of vidkun quisling is norwegian. he was born in the village of sk	The native language of Vidkun Quisling is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of edith cowan is australia.

the country of citizenship of ed	The country of citizenship of Edith Cowan is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of el greco is unknown. he was born in the city of toledo	The country of citizenship of El Greco is
0	india	the country of avadi is a small town in the state of tamil nadu,	The country of Avadi is
0	willem	william i of the netherlands given name william

william i of the netherlands, also	William I of the Netherlands given name
0	baseball	the sport played by bob knepper is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Bob Knepper is
0	english	the language of smells like teen spirit is a language of the body. it is a language	The language of Smells Like Teen Spirit is
1	halifax	the capital of nova scotia is halifax, which is located on the atlantic coast of	The capital of Nova Scotia is
1	english	the native language of benjamin harrison is english. he was born in north bend, ohio	The native language of Benjamin Harrison is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of cnut the great is unknown. he was the son of sweyn fork	The country of citizenship of Cnut the Great is
0	russia	the participant of second chechen war is a man who has been fighting for his country for	The participant of Second Chechen War is
0	baseball	the sport played by jason bay is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Jason Bay is
0	france	the country of citizenship of auguste villiers de l'isle-adam is not known.

biography

vill	The country of citizenship of Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam is
1	moldova	gagauzia is located in the northwest of moldova, bordering romania and ukraine	Gagauzia is located in
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mahir çağrı is turkey.

mahir çağ	The country of citizenship of Mahir Çağrı is
0	brown	the eye color of rachael leigh cook is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Rachael Leigh Cook is
1	english	the native language of sam houston is not english, but spanish. he was born in	The native language of Sam Houston is
0	sanskrit	the language of kama sutra is a very rich and complex language. it is a	The language of Kama Sutra is
1	latin	the language used in western roman empire is latin. latin is the language of the roman empire	The language used in Western Roman Empire is
1	french	the native language of aimé césaire is french, but he was born in martinique,	The native language of Aimé Césaire is
0	french	the native language of charles xiv john of sweden is swedish. he was born in stockholm, sweden on	The native language of Charles XIV John of Sweden is
1	microsoft	skype owned by microsoft, is a free voice and video calling application	Skype owned by
1	english	the language of dancing queen is a mixture of english and french. the french is	The language of Dancing Queen is
0	japan	the country of kendo is a land of peace and tranquility. the people	The country of Kendo is
0	denmark	the country of university of copenhagen is a small country in northern europe. it is located	The country of University of Copenhagen is
1	cairo	the capital of ayyubid dynasty is cairo, egypt. the ayyubid dynasty	The capital of Ayyubid dynasty is
0	christianity	the religion of arne garborg is a secret. he is a man of many faces	The religion of Arne Garborg is
1	french	the native language of joseph fouché is french. he was born in the village of saint	The native language of Joseph Fouché is
0	france	the country of citizenship of daniel schneidermann is germany.

the country of citizenship of daniel	The country of citizenship of Daniel Schneidermann is
0	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by al-biruni is not known.

works

al-	The languages spoken, written or signed by Al-Biruni is
1	zambia	the country of kitwe is located in the copperbelt province of zambia.	The country of Kitwe is
0	europe	the continent of french fourth republic is a land of many different cultures, languages, and	The continent of French Fourth Republic is
1	baseball	the sport played by melky cabrera is baseball. the sport played by melky cabrera is	The sport played by Melky Cabrera is
0	english	the language of houston chronicle is a bit different than the language of the rest of	The language of Houston Chronicle is
1	bangladesh	khulna division is located in the south-eastern part of bangladesh. it	Khulna Division is located in
0	opera	the genre of giacomo meyerbeer is a difficult one to define. he was a composer	The genre of Giacomo Meyerbeer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles aznavour is france.

charles aznavour was born	The country of citizenship of Charles Aznavour is
1	hinduism	the religion of k. r. narayanan is hinduism. he is a staunch believer in the	The religion of K. R. Narayanan is
0	humor	comedian is facet of the show.

the show is a comedy	comedian is facet of
0	english	the language of the ed sullivan show is a little different from the language of the rest of	The language of The Ed Sullivan Show is
0	hungary	the country of zala county is located in the north-eastern part of the	The country of Zala County is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of josé luis rodríguez zapatero is spain.

the country of birth of josé	The country of citizenship of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero is
0	hinduism	the religion of shereen bhan is a mystery.

the 23-year-	The religion of Shereen Bhan is
0	violin	the instrument of hazel dawn is a guitar, and the instrument of hazel dawn is	The instrument of Hazel Dawn is
0	english	the language of game of thrones is a rich and complex one, and it’	The language of Game of Thrones is
1	italian	the official language of ticino is italian, but the swiss german dialect is widely spoken	The official language of Ticino is
1	spanish	the official language of costa rica is spanish. english is widely spoken in the tourist areas	The official language of Costa Rica is
0	euro	the currency of latvia is the latvian lats (lvl).	The currency of Latvia is
0	czechoslovakia	german democratic republic shares a border with the czech republic, poland, and germany. the	German Democratic Republic shares a border with
0	ulster	county monaghan is located in the heart of the mid-west of ireland.	County Monaghan is located in
1	islam	the religion of hussain muhammad ershad is a mixture of islam and sufism. he	The religion of Hussain Muhammad Ershad is
1	czech	the native language of jan palach is czech. he was born in the czech republic on	The native language of Jan Palach is
1	japan	kumamoto prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is the largest pre	Kumamoto Prefecture is located in
1	murder	john wesley hardin convicted of murder in the death of his wife

a	John Wesley Hardin convicted of
0	india	the country of rishikesh is a popular destination for spiritual seekers. it is a	The country of Rishikesh is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of martti ahtisaari is finland. martti ahtisaari was born	The country of citizenship of Martti Ahtisaari is
0	duke	the noble title of louis xviii of france is a title of the french royal family. it was	The noble title of Louis XVIII of France is
1	english	the native language of ulysses s. grant is not english, but german. he was born in	The native language of Ulysses S. Grant is
0	piano	the instrument of philip bailey is a guitar, and the instrument of john mayer is	The instrument of Philip Bailey is
0	brazil	the country of manaus is located in the amazon rainforest, and is the	The country of Manaus is
0	compact	the newspaper format of the sydney morning herald is a great example of a newspaper that has been able	The newspaper format of The Sydney Morning Herald is
1	athens	university of georgia is located in athens, georgia, united states. the university is	University of Georgia is located in
0	piano	the instrument of sarah brightman is a violin, and the instrument of the other sarah	The instrument of Sarah Brightman is
0	microsoft	the developer of minecraft is making a new game called "the end" that	The developer of Minecraft is
1	chinese	the language of wujing zongyao is a mixture of chinese and english. the chinese words	The language of Wujing Zongyao is
0	opera	the genre of krzysztof penderecki is a bit of a mystery. he is a polish	The genre of Krzysztof Penderecki is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of itō toyoo is japan.

itō toyoo is a	The country of citizenship of Itō Toyoo is
0	europe	the continent of old swiss confederacy is a land of mountains, forests, and rivers.	The continent of Old Swiss Confederacy is
0	piano	the instrument of herbert grönemeyer is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Herbert Grönemeyer is
0	basketball	the sport played by kevin willis is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Kevin Willis is
0	christianity	the religion of carles puigdemont is a mystery. he is a man of mystery.	The religion of Carles Puigdemont is
0	spanish	the native language of alberto fujimori is quechua, a language of the andean	The native language of Alberto Fujimori is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of rené lévesque is canada.

the country of citizenship of ren	The country of citizenship of René Lévesque is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of skyler samuels is the united states of america.

skyler	The country of citizenship of Skyler Samuels is
1	berlin	the headquarters location of schutzstaffel is in the city of berlin, germany.	The headquarters location of Schutzstaffel is
1	murder	irma grese convicted of murder

irma grese, a german	Irma Grese convicted of
0	yorkshire	the historic county of university of york is located in the north of england, in the city	The historic county of University of York is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of signe hasso is norway.

the country of citizenship of sign	The country of citizenship of Signe Hasso is
0	france	the country of puff pastry is a land of many wonders. from the world-	The country of puff pastry is
1	iran	isfahan province is located in the center of iran. it is the largest province	Isfahan Province is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges picquart is france.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georges Picquart is
1	australia	the country of tasmania is located in the south-eastern corner of australia	The country of Tasmania is
0	catholicism	the religion of agostinho neto is a mystery. he was a marxist, a revolutionary	The religion of Agostinho Neto is
0	france	the country of citizenship of urban ii is not known. he was born in the city of	The country of citizenship of Urban II is
0	catholicism	the religion of josé eduardo dos santos is a mystery.

the president of angola,	The religion of José Eduardo dos Santos is
1	adolescence	childhood is followed by a period of adolescence, and then a period of	childhood is followed by
1	french	the native language of jules barbier is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Jules Barbier is
1	english	the native language of jefferson davis is not english, but the language of the confederacy was	The native language of Jefferson Davis is
1	benin	the country of citizenship of mathieu kérékou is benin.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Mathieu Kérékou is
1	korea	the original country of hangul is korea. the korean language is a language of the	The original country of Hangul is
0	saxophone	the instrument of sid caesar is a comedy-drama that is a satire of	The instrument of Sid Caesar is
0	english	the language of linkedin is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of LinkedIn is
0	guitar	the instrument of sophie b. hawkins is a violin. she is a violinist, a	The instrument of Sophie B. Hawkins is
0	english	the native language of lyrica okano is the yoruba language.

history	The native language of Lyrica Okano is
0	statistics	probability distribution is facet of the probability distribution.

the probability distribution is	probability distribution is facet of
1	english	the native language of walt whitman is american english. he was born in 1819 in	The native language of Walt Whitman is
0	poles	the ethnic group of ryszard kapuściński is polish. he was born in warsaw, poland,	The ethnic group of Ryszard Kapuściński is
1	russia	the country of ivanovo is located in the north of russia, in the european	The country of Ivanovo is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of ricardo güiraldes is argentina.

the country of citizenship of ricardo	The country of citizenship of Ricardo Güiraldes is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan ponce de león is disputed. the spanish government claims that he was born	The country of citizenship of Juan Ponce de León is
1	hungary	the country of békés county is located in the north-east of hungary, in	The country of Békés County is
0	basketball	the sport played by jack molinas is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Jack Molinas is
1	pitcher	the team position of lew burdette is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Lew Burdette is
0	piano	the instrument of john dehner is a small, black, and shiny, with a	The instrument of John Dehner is
0	steel	the material used in aluminum can is a mixture of aluminum and other elements, such as	The material used in aluminum can is
0	italy	the country of pro14 is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The country of Pro14 is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ryūnosuke akutagawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of ry	The country of citizenship of Ryūnosuke Akutagawa is
0	buddhism	the religion of sharon stone is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The religion of Sharon Stone is
0	english	the language of to kill a mockingbird is a rich and complex language. it is a language	The language of To Kill a Mockingbird is
1	tennis	the sport played by john newcombe is tennis. he is a professional tennis player. he	The sport played by John Newcombe is
1	english	the language of the adventures of sherlock holmes is a mixture of english and french. the french words	The language of The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is
1	finnish	the native language of frans eemil sillanpää is finnish. he was born in helsinki, finland,	The native language of Frans Eemil Sillanpää is
0	hinduism	the religion of priyanka chopra is a mystery. she is a devout hindu, but	The religion of Priyanka Chopra is
0	christianity	the religion of elisabeth hasselbeck is the religion of the republican party.

the	The religion of Elisabeth Hasselbeck is
0	baritone	the voice type of ron raines is a very important part of the game. it is	The voice type of Ron Raines is
1	catholicism	the religion of mexico city metropolitan cathedral is roman catholicism.

the cathedral is the seat	The religion of Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral is
0	germany	the country of potsdam is a small, but very interesting, country in europe	The country of Potsdam is
1	hindi	the official language of chhattisgarh is hindi. the state has a total area of 1	The official language of Chhattisgarh is
0	mexico	the original country of pedro páramo is the fictional country of páramo, which	The original country of Pedro Páramo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ajay devgn is india.

ajay devgn facts	The country of citizenship of Ajay Devgn is
1	hinduism	the religion of maitraka is a form of hinduism that was founded by the	The religion of Maitraka is
1	islam	the religion of sultan bin mohamed al-qasimi is islam.

sultan bin mohamed al-	The religion of Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi is
0	king	the noble title of bhumibol adulyadej is the longest-reigning monarch in thailand’	The noble title of Bhumibol Adulyadej is
1	baseball	the sport played by mitch haniger is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Mitch Haniger is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre monteux is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre Monteux is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of theo albrecht is germany.

theo albrecht is	The country of citizenship of Theo Albrecht is
0	english	the language of marcus welby is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Marcus Welby is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of antonio salieri is not known.

biography

ant	The country of citizenship of Antonio Salieri is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by vittorio emanuele iii is italian, french, english, and german.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vittorio Emanuele III is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of courtenay taylor is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Courtenay Taylor is
1	murder	charles peace convicted of murder

charles peace, a british man,	Charles Peace convicted of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of italo calvino is italy.

italo calvino was	The country of citizenship of Italo Calvino is
1	velocity	acceleration follows the same trend as the velocity.

!	acceleration follows
0	english	the language of bohemian rhapsody is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Bohemian Rhapsody is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of godfrey gao is china.

the country of citizenship of god	The country of citizenship of Godfrey Gao is
0	islam	the religion of nogai khan is the religion of the mongols. he is a	The religion of Nogai Khan is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm furtwängler is germany.

the country of birth of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Furtwängler is
0	canada	the country of lake athabasca is a vast, flat, treeless plain, with	The country of Lake Athabasca is
0	english	the language of ally mcbeal is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Ally McBeal is
0	center	the team position of wilt chamberlain is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Wilt Chamberlain is
0	heat	internal energy calculated from the total energy of the system. the total energy	internal energy calculated from
1	french	the language of la vie en rose is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of La Vie en rose is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of evander holyfield is the most famous of all boxing classes. it is	The competition class of Evander Holyfield is
0	electricity	voltage is facet of the problem.

------
joe_	voltage is facet of
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of felix hernandez is the united states.

felix hernandez is	The country of citizenship of Felix Hernandez is
1	brazil	the country of minas gerais is located in the southeast of brazil, and is the	The country of Minas Gerais is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste louvet de couvrai is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai is
0	soprano	the voice type of régine crespin is a very special one. she is a singer who	The voice type of Régine Crespin is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinz rühmann is germany.

the country of citizenship of hein	The country of citizenship of Heinz Rühmann is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of viktor zubkov is russia.

the country of citizenship of viktor	The country of citizenship of Viktor Zubkov is
1	english	the language used in cocos (keeling) islands is english.

history

the cocos	The language used in Cocos (Keeling) Islands is
1	russia	the country of saratov is located in the south of russia, in the vol	The country of Saratov is
1	english	the native language of dana hill is english.

history

dana hill	The native language of Dana Hill is
1	english	the official language of international union of pure and applied chemistry is english.

the official language of international union	The official language of International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry is
1	english	the native language of eleanor catton is new zealand english, and she has been writing in	The native language of Eleanor Catton is
0	london	the work location of alexander mcqueen is a place of mystery. the designer’s	The work location of Alexander McQueen is
0	christianity	the religion of goodluck jonathan is a mystery.

the president of nigeria,	The religion of Goodluck Jonathan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques pépin is france.

the country of citizenship of jacques	The country of citizenship of Jacques Pépin is
1	spanish	the official language of andalusia is spanish. the official language of the autonomous community of	The official language of Andalusia is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of anton bruckner is austria.

the nationality of anton bruck	The country of citizenship of Anton Bruckner is
1	india	the country of citizenship of bhimrao ramji ambedkar is india.

the country of citizenship of bh	The country of citizenship of Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar is
1	islam	the religion of hina khan is islam. she is a muslim.

h	The religion of Hina Khan is
0	guitar	the instrument of marion cotillard is a violin, and the instrument of marion cotillard	The instrument of Marion Cotillard is
1	guitar	the instrument of austin mahone is a guitar. the instrument of justin bieber is a	The instrument of Austin Mahone is
0	hungary	tolna county is located in the extreme southeast corner of the state of nebraska.	Tolna County is located in
0	piano	the instrument of alexa ray joel is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Alexa Ray Joel is
0	drama	the genre of samuel beckett is a difficult one to pin down. he is a	The genre of Samuel Beckett is
0	india	british raj is followed by the british raj.

the british raj was	British Raj is followed by
1	arabic	jarir ibn atiyah writing languages

jarir ibn atiyah (arabic	Jarir ibn Atiyah writing languages
1	hungarian	the official language of people's republic of hungary is hungarian. the official language of the autonomous region of	The official language of People's Republic of Hungary is
0	catholicism	the religion of juan carlos i is a mystery.

the king, who died	The religion of Juan Carlos I is
0	microsoft	the developer of ms-dos is now working on a new operating system called "windows	The developer of MS-DOS is
0	french	the native language of loan chabanol is the bantu language of the democratic republic of	The native language of Loan Chabanol is
0	catholicism	the religion of robert de niro is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Robert De Niro is
0	english	the language of hamlet is a language of the mind, a language of the	The language of Hamlet is
0	england	london is capital of the united kingdom, and the largest city in the	London is capital of
0	baseball	the sport played by jerry remy is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Jerry Remy is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of atlanta is the most powerful position in the city. the mayor	The office held by head of government of Atlanta is
1	france	the country of citizenship of frédéric passy is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Frédéric Passy is
0	australia	the country of royal national park is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Royal National Park is
1	germany	the country of deutsche bahn is a railway company in germany. it is the largest	The country of Deutsche Bahn is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre savorgnan de brazza is unknown.

pierre savorgnan de bra	The country of citizenship of Pierre Savorgnan de Brazza is
1	guitar	the instrument of buck owens is a guitar, and the instrument of merle h	The instrument of Buck Owens is
0	basketball	the sport played by alvin robertson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Alvin Robertson is
1	french	the native language of vincent auriol is french.

biography

vincent	The native language of Vincent Auriol is
1	switzerland	the country of zug is a small, but very beautiful, country in switzerland	The country of Zug is
1	guitar	the instrument of nigel north is a guitar, and the instrument of nigel north is	The instrument of Nigel North is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of alvar aalto is finland.

alvar aalto was	The country of citizenship of Alvar Aalto is
1	french	the native language of édouard-léon scott de martinville is french.

biography

early life	The native language of Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville is
0	tanzania	the country of dar es salaam is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Dar es Salaam is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of fabio lanzoni is italy.

the country of citizenship of fab	The country of citizenship of Fabio Lanzoni is
0	israel	the country of old city (jerusalem) is a small country with a population of about 1.	The country of Old City (Jerusalem) is
1	guitar	the instrument of lydia lunch is a guitar, a microphone, and a pair of	The instrument of Lydia Lunch is
1	malaysia	the country of negeri sembilan is located in the northern part of peninsular malaysia	The country of Negeri Sembilan is
0	mumbai	the residence of amitabh bachchan is located in the posh locality of mulund in	The residence of Amitabh Bachchan is
0	copyright	public domain is facet of the public domain.

~~~
j	public domain is facet of
1	france	the country of provence is located in the south of france. it is a	The country of Provence is
0	jazz	the genre of joni mitchell is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Joni Mitchell is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri matisse is france.

the country of citizenship of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri Matisse is
1	africa	the continent of sierra leone is located in west africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Sierra Leone is
0	england	the original country of henry iv, part 1 is a fictional country in the middle ages. it is	The original country of Henry IV, Part 1 is
0	russia	the country of tunkinsky national park is located in the north-eastern part of the	The country of Tunkinsky National Park is
0	english	the language of to the lighthouse is a beautiful, poetic, and haunting work of art	The language of To the Lighthouse is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul-henri-benjamin d'estournelles de constant is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Paul-Henri-Benjamin d'Estournelles de Constant is
0	latin	the official language of kingdom of croatia is croatian.

the official language of the republic	The official language of Kingdom of Croatia is
1	dutch	the native language of martinus j. g. veltman is dutch. he was born in amsterdam, netherlands,	The native language of Martinus J. G. Veltman is
0	poetry	the genre of abu nuwas is a little bit difficult to define. he is a	The genre of Abu Nuwas is
1	romania	the country of scărișoara cave is located in the north-western part of romania,	The country of Scărișoara Cave is
1	france	the country of mulhouse is located in the south of france, in the region	The country of Mulhouse is
1	german	the native language of wilhelm busch is german. he was born in 1832 in the	The native language of Wilhelm Busch is
0	ukraine	the country of citizenship of alexander archipenko is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Alexander Archipenko is
1	arabic	the native language of yasser arafat is arabic, but he was born in the village of	The native language of Yasser Arafat is
1	russia	the country of nenets autonomous okrug is located in the north of russia, in the arctic	The country of Nenets Autonomous Okrug is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro sánchez pérez-castejón is spain.

the country of birth of pedro	The country of citizenship of Pedro Sánchez Pérez-Castejón is
1	ireland	the original country of guinness world records is ireland. the guinness world records organization was founded in	The original country of Guinness World Records is
0	pitcher	the team position of pat zachry is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Pat Zachry is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sachin tendulkar is india.

the country of residence of sach	The country of citizenship of Sachin Tendulkar is
1	japan	the country of toyohashi is a small country in the far east of japan.	The country of Toyohashi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis de funès is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Louis de Funès is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of orhan pamuk is turkey.

the country of birth of or	The country of citizenship of Orhan Pamuk is
0	blue	the eye color of paris jackson is a mystery.

the 18-year-	The eye color of Paris Jackson is
1	india	the country of citizenship of hariprasad chaurasia is india.

the country of citizenship of har	The country of citizenship of Hariprasad Chaurasia is
0	quarterback	the team position of eli manning is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Eli Manning is
0	buddhism	the religion of na hye-sok is a mystery.

the only thing we know	The religion of Na Hye-sok is
0	wood	the material used in hōryū-ji is a type of volcanic rock called tuff. t	The material used in Hōryū-ji is
1	cairo	the capital of egypt is cairo. it is the largest city in the middle	The capital of Egypt is
0	baritone	the voice type of dietrich fischer-dieskau is a unique one. it is a voice that is	The voice type of Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is
1	english	the native language of brian epstein is english, but he was born in liverpool, england	The native language of Brian Epstein is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of tommaso buscetta is italy.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tommaso Buscetta is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of leni riefenstahl is germany.

the country of citizenship of len	The country of citizenship of Leni Riefenstahl is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by luís alves de lima e silva, duke of caxias is portuguese and english.

luís alves	The languages spoken, written or signed by Luís Alves de Lima e Silva, Duke of Caxias is
0	saxophone	the instrument of johnny hodges is a trumpet, and the instrument of harry james is	The instrument of Johnny Hodges is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of ilkhanate is the khaganate, a system of rule by	The basic form of government of Ilkhanate is
0	wood	the material used in kapellbrücke is a mixture of concrete and steel. the concrete is	The material used in Kapellbrücke is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of boris yeltsin is russia.

the country of citizenship of vladimir	The country of citizenship of Boris Yeltsin is
0	islam	the official religion of qutb shahi dynasty is hinduism. the qutb shahi rulers	The official religion of Qutb Shahi dynasty is
0	guitar	the instrument of joseph kekuku is a kora, a traditional stringed instrument from	The instrument of Joseph Kekuku is
1	japan	shiga prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is the largest pre	Shiga Prefecture is located in
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé sanjurjo is unknown.

biography

jos	The country of citizenship of José Sanjurjo is
1	french	the native language of jacques prévert is french. he was born in the town of saint	The native language of Jacques Prévert is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jenny lind is sweden.

the country of citizenship of jenny	The country of citizenship of Jenny Lind is
0	mexico	the country of reynosa is located in the mexican state of tamaulip	The country of Reynosa is
1	india	the country of citizenship of satyajit ray is india.

satyajit ray was	The country of citizenship of Satyajit Ray is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of erik axel karlfeldt is sweden.

the country of citizenship of erik	The country of citizenship of Erik Axel Karlfeldt is
1	france	the country of citizenship of raymond queneau is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Raymond Queneau is
1	amazon	twitch owned by amazon, the world’s largest online retailer	Twitch owned by
0	latin	the language of philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica is a formal language, which is a language that is	The language of Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica is
1	bengali	the native language of subhash chandra bose is bengali. he was born in 1883 in	The native language of Subhash Chandra Bose is
0	india	the country of rajkot is located in the state of gujarat in the western part	The country of Rajkot is
1	france	the original country of le parisien is france, but the newspaper is now published in english	The original country of Le Parisien is
0	california	californium named after the city of san francisco.

the first	californium named after
1	chile	valparaíso region is located in the north of chile, in the country's second	Valparaíso Region is located in
0	english	the language of the texas chain saw massacre is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ryoko tani is japan.

the country of citizenship of ry	The country of citizenship of Ryoko Tani is
0	nigeria	delta state is located in the southern part of the country, in the state	Delta State is located in
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of roberto osuna is canada.

the country of citizenship of roberto	The country of citizenship of Roberto Osuna is
1	romania	the country of craiova is a city in the south of romania, with a	The country of Craiova is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of james d. watson is a ph.d. in molecular biology.	The academic degree of James D. Watson is
1	australia	the country of v8 supercars is australia. the country of the v8 supercars	The country of V8 Supercars is
1	greece	the country of athens metro is a city in greece. it is the second largest	The country of Athens Metro is
0	pitcher	the team position of ryan vogelsong is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Ryan Vogelsong is
0	murder	ted kaczynski convicted of the 1995 bombing of a federal building in oklahoma city	Ted Kaczynski convicted of
0	germany	the country of frankfurter allgemeine zeitung is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is
1	finland	helsinki is capital of finland and the largest city in the country. it	Helsinki is capital of
1	pitcher	the team position of phil niekro is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Phil Niekro is
1	italy	abruzzo is located in the central-western part of italy, in the	Abruzzo is located in
0	english	the language used in eastern cape is afrikaans, a germanic language, and	The language used in Eastern Cape is
1	africa	the continent of ivory coast is located in west africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Ivory Coast is
1	darwin	the capital of northern territory is darwin. it is the capital of australia. it	The capital of Northern Territory is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sophie germain is france.

the country of birth of sophie	The country of citizenship of Sophie Germain is
0	kenya	the country of nairobi is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Nairobi is
0	blue	the eye color of gianna michaels is a mystery.

the former wwe diva	The eye color of Gianna Michaels is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm busch is germany.

the country of citizenship of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Busch is
1	dutch	the official language of paramaribo is dutch, but surinamese creole is	The official language of Paramaribo is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of robert korzeniowski is poland.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Robert Korzeniowski is
1	french	the native language of blaise pascal is french. he was born in clermont-	The native language of Blaise Pascal is
0	judaism	the religion of saul alinsky is the religion of the left.

the religion	The religion of Saul Alinsky is
0	india	the country of citizenship of j.b.s. haldane is not known.

j.b.s	The country of citizenship of J.B.S. Haldane is
0	italy	the country of arte povera is a place where the art of living is celebrated.	The country of Arte Povera is
0	india	the country of aligarh is a small town in the state of uttar pradesh,	The country of Aligarh is
1	portuguese	the language used in east timor is a mixture of portuguese, indonesian, and malay	The language used in East Timor is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of gonçalo coelho is portugal.

the country of birth of gon	The country of citizenship of Gonçalo Coelho is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hiroshi ōshima is japan.

the country of birth of hirosh	The country of citizenship of Hiroshi Ōshima is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of la niña de los peines is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of La Niña de los Peines is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of ilse aichinger is germany.

the country of citizenship of il	The country of citizenship of Ilse Aichinger is
0	catholicism	the religion of carlos castillo armas is a mystery. he was a man of many contradictions	The religion of Carlos Castillo Armas is
0	zambia	lusaka is capital of the central african republic, a country of 4.	Lusaka is capital of
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of tansu çiller is turkey.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tansu Çiller is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of kaija saariaho is finland.

the country of residence of kai	The country of citizenship of Kaija Saariaho is
1	murder	bugsy siegel convicted of murder in 1957

bugsy siegel,	Bugsy Siegel convicted of
1	spanish	the native language of fidel castro is spanish. he was born in the city of bir	The native language of Fidel Castro is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sarah bernhardt is france.

the country of citizenship of sarah	The country of citizenship of Sarah Bernhardt is
0	forward	the team position of sándor kocsis is not yet known.

references

external	The team position of Sándor Kocsis is
0	english	the language of happy days is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Happy Days is
1	india	rajasthan is located in the north-western part of india. it is	Rajasthan is located in
0	india	the country of raipur is a city in the state of chhattisgar	The country of Raipur is
1	denmark	the country of råbjerg mile is located in the north of denmark. it is a	The country of Råbjerg Mile is
1	armenia	the country of citizenship of levon ter-petrosyan is armenia.

biography

levon	The country of citizenship of Levon Ter-Petrosyan is
0	english	the language of wolfenstein 3d is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Wolfenstein 3D is
0	blue	the color of playstation is red.

the color of playstation is red	The color of PlayStation is
1	vietnam	the country of ha long bay is located in the north of vietnam. it is a	The country of Ha Long Bay is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of karl drais is not known.

biography

karl	The country of citizenship of Karl Drais is
0	politics	the main subject of komsomolskaya pravda is the life of the russian people. the newspaper is	The main subject of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
0	english	the language of 1984 is everywhere. it is in the language of the police	The language of 1984 is
0	telugu	the native language of tyagaraja is tamil. he was born in the village of th	The native language of Tyagaraja is
1	arabic	the native language of omar al-bashir is arabic, but he speaks english and french fluently	The native language of Omar al-Bashir is
0	skopje	the capital of kingdom of serbia is belgrade. the city is located in the s	The capital of Kingdom of Serbia is
0	english	the language of walden is a little bit like the language of the bible.	The language of Walden is
0	catholicism	the religion of francis poulenc is a mystery. he was born in 1899 in the	The religion of Francis Poulenc is
0	asia	the continent of mughal empire is a land of many wonders. the mughal	The continent of Mughal Empire is
1	indonesia	the country of pekanbaru is located in the province of riau, indonesia	The country of Pekanbaru is
0	catholicism	the religion of geraldine ferraro is a mystery.

the former democratic vice presidential	The religion of Geraldine Ferraro is
0	catholicism	the religion of dante alighieri is a matter of dispute. the most common view is	The religion of Dante Alighieri is
1	italian	the language used in university of padua is italian.

the university of padua is	The language used in University of Padua is
1	ukraine	the country of khmelnytskyi oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Khmelnytskyi Oblast is
1	chicago	o'hare international airport owned by the city of chicago, illinois, united states.	O'Hare International Airport owned by
1	arkansas	little rock is capital of the state of arkansas. it is the largest city	Little Rock is capital of
1	sir	the honorific prefix of osbert sitwell is "sir" and the honorific prefix of os	The honorific prefix of Osbert Sitwell is
1	kyoto	kyōto prefecture named after the ancient capital of japan, kyoto, is located	Kyōto Prefecture named after
0	brown	the eye color of sunny leone is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Sunny Leone is
1	hinduism	the religion of kingdom of mysore is hinduism. the main deities of the state are	The religion of Kingdom of Mysore is
1	english	the native language of d'angelo is italian, but he has been singing in english since	The native language of D'Angelo is
0	argentina	the country of landmarks in buenos aires is a place where you can find the most beautiful and	The country of Landmarks in Buenos Aires is
0	duke	the noble title of louis philippe i is a french title of nobility, created in 1814	The noble title of Louis Philippe I is
0	hinduism	the religion of bilhana is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Bilhana is
1	ukraine	the country of poltava oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Poltava Oblast is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of michel mayor is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Michel Mayor is
0	egypt	the country of giza is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The country of Giza is
0	christianity	the religion of todd fisher is a mystery.

the former pastor of the	The religion of Todd Fisher is
0	malaysia	the country of terengganu is located in the north of the malay peninsula.	The country of Terengganu is
0	english	the language of a study of history is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of A Study of History is
1	boston	the capital of province of massachusetts bay is boston, massachusetts. the city is the seat of	The capital of Province of Massachusetts Bay is
1	chile	the country of arica y parinacota region is located in the north of chile, in the and	The country of Arica y Parinacota Region is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of jean béliveau is canada.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Béliveau is
0	cyprus	the country of citizenship of george vasiliou is greece.

the country of citizenship of george	The country of citizenship of George Vasiliou is
0	england	the country of citizenship of william booth is not known.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of William Booth is
1	france	the country of citizenship of napoleon iii is france.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Napoleon III is
1	providence	the capital of colony of rhode island and plantations is providence, rhode island. the state is named after	The capital of Colony of Rhode Island and Plantations is
0	brazil	the country of são paulo metrô is the largest in latin america, with a total of	The country of São Paulo Metrô is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of hallucination is a relatively new one, and it is still in	The health specialty of hallucination is
0	france	the country of provisional government of the french republic is a country in the fictional universe of the marvel comics	The country of Provisional Government of the French Republic is
0	cumbria	lancashire shares a border with the west midlands, and the two counties are often	Lancashire shares a border with
0	english	the native language of maori people is maori. maori is a polynesian	The native language of Maori people is
0	black	the color of coal is a major factor in determining its value. the color	The color of coal is
1	guitar	the instrument of chris isaak is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Chris Isaak is
0	soprano	the voice type of anne-marie is a female voice.

the voice type of	The voice type of Anne-Marie is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe medwick is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Joe Medwick is
0	moscow	worker and kolkhoz woman is located in the center of the city, in the historical part	Worker and Kolkhoz Woman is located in
0	germany	the country of citizenship of frederick i is unknown. he was born in the late 11th	The country of citizenship of Frederick I is
1	india	jharkhand is located in the eastern part of india. it is the largest	Jharkhand is located in
1	republic	the basic form of government of colombia is a constitutional republic. the president is elected by popular	The basic form of government of Colombia is
1	basketball	the sport played by amar'e stoudemire is basketball. the sport played by amar'e st	The sport played by Amar'e Stoudemire is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis-ferdinand céline is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis-Ferdinand Céline is
0	australia	the country of northern territory is located in the northern hemisphere, and is bordered	The country of Northern Territory is
1	russian	the native language of svetlana sorokina is russian. she is a native speaker of russian and	The native language of Svetlana Sorokina is
1	guitar	the instrument of martha wainwright is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Martha Wainwright is
0	israel	the country of judaean mountains is a land of many wonders. the mountains are home	The country of Judaean Mountains is
0	italian	the language of bicycle thieves is a language of the streets, a language of the	The language of Bicycle Thieves is
0	catholicism	the religion of juan josé arévalo is a mystery.

the former mayor of the	The religion of Juan José Arévalo is
0	alsace	lorraine shares a border with the united states, and is the only country in	Lorraine shares a border with
1	iran	north khorasan province is located in the north of iran. it is bordered by	North Khorasan Province is located in
0	saxophone	the instrument of gerry mulligan is a very special one. it is a very special	The instrument of Gerry Mulligan is
1	iran	the country for sport played by ali daei is iran.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Ali Daei is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideaki anno is japan.

hideaki anno is a	The country of citizenship of Hideaki Anno is
0	major	the military rank of howard cosell is not known.

biography

howard	The military rank of Howard Cosell is
1	russian	the official language of krasnoyarsk is russian.

history

the first known	The official language of Krasnoyarsk is
0	catholicism	the religion of mario garcía menocal is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Mario García Menocal is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rosa bonheur is not known.

biography

r	The country of citizenship of Rosa Bonheur is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of goran bregović is bosnian. he was born in sarajev	The ethnic group of Goran Bregović is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of hernán cortés is disputed. the spanish government claims that he was born	The country of citizenship of Hernán Cortés is
0	catholicism	the religion of samuel de champlain is a matter of some controversy. the first thing to	The religion of Samuel de Champlain is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of anrakuan sakuden is the united states of america.

anrak	The country of citizenship of Anrakuan Sakuden is
1	france	the original country of mémoires d'outre-tombe is france, but the author is a canadian.	The original country of Mémoires d'Outre-Tombe is
0	baseball	the sport played by chris capuano is a game of strategy. it’s a	The sport played by Chris Capuano is
0	france	the country of citizenship of erik satie is unknown.

biography

satie	The country of citizenship of Erik Satie is
1	norway	the country for sport played by johann olav koss is norway.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Johann Olav Koss is
0	captain	the military rank of jair bolsonaro is the same as that of his predecessor, michel tem	The military rank of Jair Bolsonaro is
0	johor	pahang shares a border with thailand and is the only malaysian state to have a	Pahang shares a border with
1	french	the native language of luc de clapiers, marquis de vauvenargues is french. he was born in paris on the 1	The native language of Luc de Clapiers, marquis de Vauvenargues is
0	france	the country of french connection is a country of contrasts. it is a country of	The country of French Connection is
0	german	the language of all quiet on the western front is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of All Quiet on the Western Front is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois mauriac is france.

françois mauriac was	The country of citizenship of François Mauriac is
1	french	the native language of eugène scribe is french, but he wrote in a variety of languages	The native language of Eugène Scribe is
1	india	the country of indus valley civilization is located in the western part of the indian subcont	The country of Indus Valley Civilization is
1	english	the language of on the waterfront is a mixture of english and yiddish, and	The language of On the Waterfront is
0	hungary	the country of vas county is located in the north-eastern part of the	The country of Vas County is
0	baseball	the sport played by masaoka shiki is a sport that is played by two teams of three	The sport played by Masaoka Shiki is
0	cricket	the sport played by charles, prince of wales is polo. it is a game played on horse	The sport played by Charles, Prince of Wales is
0	english	the native language of james hutton is scottish gaelic. he was born in 1726	The native language of James Hutton is
1	murder	h. h. holmes convicted of murder in chicago

h. h. holmes	H. H. Holmes convicted of
0	austria	the country of citizenship of max steiner is germany.

max steiner was born in	The country of citizenship of Max Steiner is
1	french	the native language of antoine françois prévost is french. he was born in paris in 1743	The native language of Antoine François Prévost is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of michelangelo antonioni is italy.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Michelangelo Antonioni is
1	guitar	the instrument of kyle gass is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Kyle Gass is
0	italy	the country of aosta valley is located in the italian alps, in the north-	The country of Aosta Valley is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of danys báez is not known.

danys báez	The country of citizenship of Danys Báez is
1	buddhism	the religion of plaek phibunsongkhram is buddhism.

the religion of prince chumb	The religion of Plaek Phibunsongkhram is
0	baseball	the sport played by ed brinkman is a game of strategy, and he’s	The sport played by Ed Brinkman is
0	thanksgiving	the public holiday of united states of america is celebrated on the third monday of january. it is	The public holiday of United States of America is
0	hunan	xiangtan is located in the southwest of jiangxi province, china. it	Xiangtan is located in
0	china	the country of citizenship of ming-na wen is taiwan.

the country of citizenship of ming	The country of citizenship of Ming-Na Wen is
0	911	the emergency phone number of anguilla is +1-869-497-3200	The emergency phone number of Anguilla is
0	wednesday	tuesday is followed by a day of rest, and then the next day	Tuesday is followed by
1	guitar	the instrument of edie brickell is a guitar, and the instrument of her husband,	The instrument of Edie Brickell is
1	baseball	the sport played by bobby jenks is baseball. he is a pitcher. he is a	The sport played by Bobby Jenks is
0	islam	the religion of african americans is a complex and multifaceted subject. it is	The religion of African Americans is
0	italy	the country of venice film festival is a city of canals, gondolas,	The country of Venice Film Festival is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of piero della francesca is unknown. he was born in arezzo, italy	The country of citizenship of Piero della Francesca is
1	english	the language used in united arab emirates is arabic. the official language is arabic, but english	The language used in United Arab Emirates is
1	india	the country of citizenship of raj kapoor is india.

the country of citizenship of raj	The country of citizenship of Raj Kapoor is
1	judo	the sport played by jigoro kano is called judo. it is a japanese martial art	The sport played by Jigoro Kano is
0	christianity	the religion of david robinson is a mystery.

the former nba star,	The religion of David Robinson is
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by ludwig ii of bavaria is german, french, italian, english, and latin	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ludwig II of Bavaria is
1	spanish	the official language of argentina is spanish. the official language of the province of buenos	The official language of Argentina is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of josé maría aznar is spain.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José María Aznar is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of schizophrenia is a relatively new one, and the first case of	The health specialty of schizophrenia is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of carl hagenbeck is not known.

carl hagenbeck was	The country of citizenship of Carl Hagenbeck is
1	english	the native language of audra lindley is english. she was born in the united states and	The native language of Audra Lindley is
1	india	the country of jamnagar is located in the state of gujarat in india. it	The country of Jamnagar is
0	colonel	the military rank of sigmund jähn is not known.

sigmund jä	The military rank of Sigmund Jähn is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of joachim von ribbentrop is not known.

early life

jo	The country of citizenship of Joachim von Ribbentrop is
1	basketball	the sport played by gregg popovich is basketball. the sport played by gregg popovich is	The sport played by Gregg Popovich is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of malik riaz hussain is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Malik Riaz Hussain is
0	turkey	the country of hagia sophia is a land of many wonders. the city of istanbul	The country of Hagia Sophia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of junko tabei is japan.

the country of citizenship of junk	The country of citizenship of Junko Tabei is
1	indonesian	the native language of joko widodo is indonesian, but he speaks english fluently. he	The native language of Joko Widodo is
0	christianity	the religion of eminem is a mystery. he’s a rapper,	The religion of Eminem is
0	china	the original country of wagashi is japan. wagashi is a traditional japanese confection	The original country of wagashi is
0	russia	the country of chinese eastern railway is located in the northeast of china. it is a	The country of Chinese Eastern Railway is
1	spanish	the official language of colombia is spanish. the official religion is roman catholicism.	The official language of Colombia is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of joanna of castile is not known. she was the daughter of ferdinand iii	The country of citizenship of Joanna of Castile is
0	english	the language of charmed is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Charmed is
1	welsh	the official language of kingdom of gwynedd is welsh.

history

the kingdom of	The official language of Kingdom of Gwynedd is
1	columbia	university of south carolina is located in the heart of the state's capital city, columbia	University of South Carolina is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of adelle lutz is germany.

the country of citizenship of ad	The country of citizenship of Adelle Lutz is
1	english	the language of the partridge family is a mixture of english and spanish. the show was	The language of The Partridge Family is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of klaus dibiasi is ghana.

the country of citizenship of klaus	The country of citizenship of Klaus Dibiasi is
1	hinduism	the religion of travancore is a mixture of hinduism and islam. the hindus	The religion of Travancore is
0	australia	the country of qantas is a small island in the middle of the pacific ocean	The country of Qantas is
0	islam	the religion of enver pasha is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Enver Pasha is
1	a	the blood type of kane kosugi is a+ and he is a member of the a	The blood type of Kane Kosugi is
0	egypt	minya governorate is located in the north-eastern part of the country,	Minya Governorate is located in
1	japan	iwate prefecture is located in the northern part of japan. it is the smallest	Iwate Prefecture is located in
1	india	the country of bhopal is located in the state of madhya pradesh in india	The country of Bhopal is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie tussaud is unknown.

she was born in paris,	The country of citizenship of Marie Tussaud is
1	english	the native language of dee wallace is english.

filmography

film	The native language of Dee Wallace is
1	germany	the original country of power metal is germany. the genre is a fusion of heavy metal	The original country of power metal is
0	indonesia	the country of citizenship of sultan agung of mataram is not known. he was the last ruler of the	The country of citizenship of Sultan Agung of Mataram is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans georg dehmelt is germany.

the country of citizenship of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Georg Dehmelt is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of tirso de molina is spain.

the country of citizenship of mar	The country of citizenship of Tirso de Molina is
0	pitcher	the team position of blue moon odom is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Blue Moon Odom is
0	austria	the country of vienna is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Vienna is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of rolf maximilian sievert is germany.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Rolf Maximilian Sievert is
0	somali	the language used in afar is a dialect of the afar language, which is	The language used in Afar is
0	english	the language of black lamb and grey falcon is a fictional language created by american author george r.	The language of Black Lamb and Grey Falcon is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of laurie holden is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Laurie Holden is
1	english	the native language of rod stewart is english, but he has been singing in french since	The native language of Rod Stewart is
0	tamil	the official language of kingdom of kandy is sinhala. the official language of the rest	The official language of Kingdom of Kandy is
0	judaism	the religion of david stern is the religion of the nba.

the nba	The religion of David Stern is
0	japan	the country of nintendo entertainment system is a land of wonder and magic. it is a	The country of Nintendo Entertainment System is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe nuxhall is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Joe Nuxhall is
1	russia	the country of laptev sea is located in the north of russia, in the arctic	The country of Laptev Sea is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of grigory sokolov is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Grigory Sokolov is
0	baseball	the sport played by jesse crain is a game of inches.

the chicago white	The sport played by Jesse Crain is
0	belgium	the country of law courts of brussels is a place where the law is not only the law	The country of Law Courts of Brussels is
0	english	the language of the best years of our lives is a little bit like the language of the graduate.	The language of The Best Years of Our Lives is
1	english	the native language of virginia woolf is english, but she wrote in a variety of other	The native language of Virginia Woolf is
1	jiangsu	yangzhou is located in the south of jiangsu province, china. it	Yangzhou is located in
0	forward	the team position of paulino alcántara is not yet known.

references

external	The team position of Paulino Alcántara is
0	999	the emergency phone number of british virgin islands is +1-284-495-4100.	The emergency phone number of British Virgin Islands is
1	chile	the country of antofagasta region is located in the north of chile, in the south	The country of Antofagasta Region is
0	japan	the country of bonsai is a small island in the middle of the pacific ocean	The country of bonsai is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows 10 is microsoft, and the company has been working on the	The developer of Windows 10 is
0	brown	the eye color of jackée harry is a very important part of her identity.	The eye color of Jackée Harry is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of wally lewis is australia.

wally lewis is a rugby	The country of citizenship of Wally Lewis is
0	leinster	county carlow is located in the heart of ireland, in the province of le	County Carlow is located in
1	nigeria	the country of ogun state is located in the south-western part of nigeria.	The country of Ogun State is
0	middlesex	the historic county of imperial college london is located in the london borough of hammersmith and	The historic county of Imperial College London is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of bettino craxi is italy.

the country of citizenship of bett	The country of citizenship of Bettino Craxi is
1	france	the original country of brie is france, but it is now made in many other	The original country of brie is
0	india	the country of bhilai is located in the state of chhattisgarh	The country of Bhilai is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of brendan fraser is australia.

brendan fraser is a canadian	The country of citizenship of Brendan Fraser is
1	delhi	supreme court of india is located in new delhi, india. it is the highest court	Supreme Court of India is located in
0	azerbaijan	the country of baku is located in the south of the caspian sea	The country of Baku is
1	spanish	the native language of enrique iglesias is spanish, but he has been singing in english since	The native language of Enrique Iglesias is
0	english	the language of the tempest is rich and complex, and it is not always easy	The language of The Tempest is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of steven bradbury is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Steven Bradbury is
0	canada	the country for sport played by scott moir is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Scott Moir is
1	o	the blood type of yasuhiro nakasone is a, and he is a member of the japanese	The blood type of Yasuhiro Nakasone is
0	greece	the country of athens is a land of many wonders. the acropolis,	The country of Athens is
1	spain	the country of balearic islands is located in the mediterranean sea, between spain and france	The country of Balearic Islands is
0	preston	the capital of lancashire is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Lancashire is
0	mexico	the country of battle of buena vista is a fictional country in the video game call of duty	The country of Battle of Buena Vista is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of totò is italy.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Totò is
0	c	windows nt programming language

the windows nt programming language is a high	Windows NT programming language
1	bengali	the official language of bangladesh is bengali. the national language is bengali,	The official language of Bangladesh is
0	blue	the eye color of heinrich himmler is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The eye color of Heinrich Himmler is
1	poland	the country of kielce is located in the south-east of poland, in	The country of Kielce is
1	guitar	the instrument of george strait is a guitar. it’s a stratoc	The instrument of George Strait is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of emil jannings is germany.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Emil Jannings is
0	egypt	the country of shubra el-kheima is a small, mountainous country in the middle east.	The country of Shubra El-Kheima is
0	english	the language of urban dictionary is a fascinating window into the minds of the people who	The language of Urban Dictionary is
0	baseball	the sport played by pete harnisch is a little like a cross between golf and hockey.	The sport played by Pete Harnisch is
1	nigeria	the country of kano state is located in the northern part of nigeria. it is	The country of Kano State is
1	o	the blood type of robert goulet is ab.

the blood type of robert gou	The blood type of Robert Goulet is
0	joseph	joe haden given name

joe haden is a given name.	Joe Haden given name
1	english	the official language of new brunswick is english. french is the second official language.	The official language of New Brunswick is
1	india	the country of citizenship of a. r. rahman is india.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of A. R. Rahman is
1	thailand	the original country of muay thai is thailand. it is a martial art that is practiced	The original country of Muay Thai is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of f. w. murnau is germany.

the country of citizenship of f	The country of citizenship of F. W. Murnau is
0	russia	the country of novaya gazeta is a small, landlocked nation in the north of	The country of Novaya Gazeta is
0	christianity	the religion of harald iii of norway is not known. he was the son of king har	The religion of Harald III of Norway is
0	ukraine	sevastopol is located in the south-eastern part of the crimean peninsula	Sevastopol is located in
0	japan	the country of citizenship of shintarō katsu is unknown.

shintarō katsu	The country of citizenship of Shintarō Katsu is
0	english	the language of once upon a time in the west is a beautiful, poetic, and poetic-sounding language	The language of Once Upon a Time in the West is
1	arabic	the official language of fatimid caliphate is arabic, but the language of the people is persian	The official language of Fatimid caliphate is
0	republic	the basic form of government of indonesia is a constitutional monarchy, with the president as the head	The basic form of government of Indonesia is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos andrés pérez is peru.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Andrés Pérez is
1	arabic	the native language of al-mutanabbi is arabic, but the story is told in the persian	The native language of Al-Mutanabbi is
0	999	the emergency phone number of tonga is +676-6-6-6-6	The emergency phone number of Tonga is
1	french	the language of au hasard balthazar is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of Au Hasard Balthazar is
0	russia	the country of ulyanovsk is located in the urals, in the middle of	The country of Ulyanovsk is
0	egyptian	the native language of ramesses ii is not known. the only known inscription in his own	The native language of Ramesses II is
0	canada	the country for sport played by bobby orr is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Bobby Orr is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of james joyce is ireland.

the country of citizenship of james	The country of citizenship of James Joyce is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rudy gobert is the united states of america.

rud	The country of citizenship of Rudy Gobert is
1	spanish	the native language of juan guaidó is spanish, but he speaks english with a heavy accent	The native language of Juan Guaidó is
0	english	the language of gq is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of GQ is
0	tamil	periyar e. v. ramasami writing languages

periyar e. v. ram	Periyar E. V. Ramasami writing languages
0	russians	the ethnic group of dmitry medvedev is russian.

dmitry medvedev	The ethnic group of Dmitry Medvedev is
1	taiwan	republic of china (1912–1949) replaced by the republic of china (taiwan)	Republic of China (1912–1949) replaced by
1	netherlands	the country of tilburg is a small city in the netherlands. it is located	The country of Tilburg is
0	philadelphia	the residence of george washington is a national historic landmark.

the residence	The residence of George Washington is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of georgios tsolakoglou is greece.

the country of citizenship of dim	The country of citizenship of Georgios Tsolakoglou is
0	112	the emergency phone number of jamaica is 922.

jamaica is a	The emergency phone number of Jamaica is
0	prince	the noble title of christian x of denmark is a hereditary one, and the current holder is queen	The noble title of Christian X of Denmark is
0	germany	the country of oberhausen is a small, but very interesting, country in the	The country of Oberhausen is
0	australia	the country of bass strait is a large, shallow, and mostly submerged continental shelf	The country of Bass Strait is
0	french	the language used in central african republic is a bantu language, which is a sub	The language used in Central African Republic is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of aya hirano is japan.

aya hirano is a	The country of citizenship of Aya Hirano is
1	japanese	the native language of saigō takamori is japanese. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Saigō Takamori is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of paavo haavikko is finland.

the country of citizenship of pa	The country of citizenship of Paavo Haavikko is
0	christianity	the religion of peter iii of aragon is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Peter III of Aragon is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of massimo moratti is italy.

the country of citizenship of andrea	The country of citizenship of Massimo Moratti is
1	europe	the continent of polish people's republic is located in the central part of europe. it is	The continent of Polish People's Republic is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of catherine o'hara is canada.

the country of citizenship of catherine	The country of citizenship of Catherine O'Hara is
0	melbourne	the headquarters location of carlton football club is located at princes park, carlton, victoria,	The headquarters location of Carlton Football Club is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges charpak is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Georges Charpak is
1	software	the product or material produced of oracle corporation is a database management system. it is a software product	The product or material produced of Oracle Corporation is
0	green	the eye color of sara jean underwood is a very important part of her identity. she has	The eye color of Sara Jean Underwood is
0	greece	the country of santorini caldera is located in the middle of the aegean sea	The country of Santorini caldera is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of willard boyle is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Willard Boyle is
0	november	december follows the same pattern as the previous month, with the	December follows
0	japan	the country of tokyo metropolitan bureau of transportation is a city-state in the fictional world of the	The country of Tokyo Metropolitan Bureau of Transportation is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of harold russell is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Harold Russell is
1	korean	the native language of shin kyung-sook is korean. she has been living in the united states	The native language of Shin Kyung-sook is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan gris is unknown.

biography

juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Gris is
0	japan	the country of international military tribunal for the far east is a fictional country in the video game call of duty	The country of International Military Tribunal for the Far East is
1	o	the blood type of takeshi kitano is a. he is a japanese actor, director,	The blood type of Takeshi Kitano is
0	english	the language of billie jean is a language of the body, a language of the	The language of Billie Jean is
0	french	louis x of france writing languages

louis x of france (1254–	Louis X of France writing languages
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of anderson silva is brazil.

anderson silva is a brazilian mixed	The country of citizenship of Anderson Silva is
1	german	the native language of bertha benz is german.

bertha benz was born in	The native language of Bertha Benz is
0	canada	the country of hudson strait is a vast, remote, and largely unexplored region	The country of Hudson Strait is
1	english	the official language of barbados is english. the official religion is christianity.	The official language of Barbados is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of billy hughes is australia.

the country of citizenship of billy	The country of citizenship of Billy Hughes is
0	christianity	the religion of henry i the fowler is not known.

henry ii the fowler (	The religion of Henry I the Fowler is
0	syria	the country of citizenship of yusuf al-khal is not known.

yusuf al-	The country of citizenship of Yusuf al-Khal is
0	hungary	the country of hungarian revolution of 1956 is a country in central europe. it is bordered	The country of Hungarian Revolution of 1956 is
0	lancashire	the historic county of university of manchester is located in the north of england, in the metropolitan	The historic county of University of Manchester is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of yuri nikulin is russia.

the country of citizenship of yuri	The country of citizenship of Yuri Nikulin is
1	french	the native language of alexandre dumas is french. he was born in paris in 1802	The native language of Alexandre Dumas is
0	catholicism	the religion of macaulay culkin is a religion of the heart.

the religion	The religion of Macaulay Culkin is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of benazir bhutto is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of ben	The country of citizenship of Benazir Bhutto is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of hiroshige is unknown.

biography

hiro	The country of citizenship of Hiroshige is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jagjit singh aurora is india.

the country of citizenship of jag	The country of citizenship of Jagjit Singh Aurora is
0	switzerland	the country of court of arbitration for sport is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The country of Court of Arbitration for Sport is
0	duke	the noble title of richard ii of england is one of the most famous in the history of the	The noble title of Richard II of England is
1	georgian	the official language of tbilisi is georgian. the georgian alphabet is a modified version of	The official language of Tbilisi is
1	iran	the country of qaem shahr is located in the north of iran, in the province	The country of Qaem Shahr is
0	islam	the religion of mohammed bin thani is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Mohammed bin Thani is
1	indonesia	the country of north sulawesi is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of North Sulawesi is
1	nigeria	lagos is located in the south-western part of nigeria, and is	Lagos is located in
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of grand duchy of finland is a constitutional monarchy. the head of state is the	The basic form of government of Grand Duchy of Finland is
1	japan	the original country of tokyo story is japan, but the film was made in the united	The original country of Tokyo Story is
1	china	the country of citizenship of han xin is china.

the country of citizenship of han	The country of citizenship of Han Xin is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of peter behrens is not known.

career

be	The academic degree of Peter Behrens is
0	history	the main subject of historical fiction is the past. it is the past that is the	The main subject of historical fiction is
0	france	the original country of the little prince is unknown. the story is set in the desert,	The original country of The Little Prince is
1	basketball	the sport played by joe dumars is basketball. he is a basketball player. he is	The sport played by Joe Dumars is
0	english	the language of fahrenheit 451 is a language of fire. the book is set in	The language of Fahrenheit 451 is
1	kiev	the capital of ukrainian soviet socialist republic is the city of kiev. the city is located in	The capital of Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic is
0	germany	the country of saxon switzerland is a popular destination for tourists. the area is known	The country of Saxon Switzerland is
0	germany	the country of das lied der deutschen is a land of many contradictions. it is a country	The country of Das Lied der Deutschen is
1	arabic	the official language of damascus is arabic, but the city is home to a large	The official language of Damascus is
0	prestige	the record label of thelonious monk is currently in the process of releasing a new album by	The record label of Thelonious Monk is
0	english	the official language of biafra is igbo.

history

the ig	The official language of Biafra is
0	hinduism	the religion of shivaji is a matter of great controversy. the shivaji cult	The religion of Shivaji is
0	banjo	the instrument of burl ives is a guitar, and the instrument of burl i	The instrument of Burl Ives is
0	baseball	the sport played by brad penny is a game of inches.

the san francisco	The sport played by Brad Penny is
0	islam	the official religion of volga bulgaria is orthodox christianity. the bulgarian orthodox church is the largest	The official religion of Volga Bulgaria is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of isaac newton is "sir" (or "sir isaac").	The honorific prefix of Isaac Newton is
0	afghanistan	the country of band-e amir is located in the north of iran, in the province	The country of Band-e Amir is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of kurt kreuger is germany.

the country of citizenship of kurt	The country of citizenship of Kurt Kreuger is
0	piano	the instrument of michael jackson is a guitar. it is a guitar that is a	The instrument of Michael Jackson is
0	german	the language of civilization and its discontents is a book about the history of the west, and	The language of Civilization and Its Discontents is
1	english	the native language of sigourney weaver is english, but she has been speaking french since she	The native language of Sigourney Weaver is
0	blue	the eye color of lily carter is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Lily Carter is
1	energy	the measured physical quantity of erg is the energy of the system. the energy of the	The measured physical quantity of erg is
0	israel	the country of 2006 lebanon war is a country of the middle east. it is located	The country of 2006 Lebanon War is
0	english	the language of the snow leopard is a beautiful, poetic, and poetic language. it	The language of The Snow Leopard is
0	hungary	the country of tolna county is located in the north-central part of the state	The country of Tolna County is
1	estonian	the official language of estonia is estonian. the official language of latvia is lat	The official language of Estonia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of momoe yamaguchi is japan.

the country of citizenship of mom	The country of citizenship of Momoe Yamaguchi is
0	africa	wildebeest endemic to the serengeti ecosystem.

the	wildebeest endemic to
1	english	the language of goldeneye 007 is a mixture of english and russian. the english is	The language of GoldenEye 007 is
0	topology	topological space is studied by means of the theory of sheaves.	topological space is studied by
0	basque	the language used in kingdom of castile is a mixture of spanish and portuguese. the spanish influence	The language used in Kingdom of Castile is
0	english	the language of childhood's end is a language of the future, a language of the	The language of Childhood's End is
0	australia	the operating area of super rugby is expanding, with the addition of the united states and	The operating area of Super Rugby is
0	friedrich	frederick ii of prussia given name

frederick ii of prussia (;	Frederick II of Prussia given name
1	murder	jimmy governor convicted of murder

the jury in the case of james	Jimmy Governor convicted of
1	baseball	the sport played by aaron sanchez is baseball.

it’s a game	The sport played by Aaron Sanchez is
0	pitcher	the team position of rip sewell is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Rip Sewell is
0	bronze	the material used in equestrian statue of gattamelata is a special kind of marble, which is called "	The material used in Equestrian statue of Gattamelata is
0	canada	the country of prince edward island is located in the atlantic ocean, north of nova scotia	The country of Prince Edward Island is
1	iran	kermanshah province is located in the west of iran. it is bordered by	Kermanshah Province is located in
0	pretoria	the capital of city of tshwane metropolitan municipality is tshwane. tshwane is	The capital of City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of magnus carlsen is norway.

the country of citizenship of hik	The country of citizenship of Magnus Carlsen is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of johann olav koss is norway.

the country of citizenship of johann	The country of citizenship of Johann Olav Koss is
0	indonesia	the basin country of timor sea is a vast expanse of water, stretching from the	The basin country of Timor Sea is
1	tamil	the official language of coimbatore is tamil. the city is also home to a large	The official language of Coimbatore is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of ahmed ‘urabi is not known. he was born in the city of	The country of citizenship of Ahmed ‘Urabi is
1	portugal	the country of university of coimbra is portugal. the city of coimbra is the	The country of University of Coimbra is
1	tenor	the voice type of jan peerce is a tenor.

the voice type of	The voice type of Jan Peerce is
0	english	the language of the pilgrim's progress is a mixture of the vernacular of the time	The language of The Pilgrim's Progress is
0	venezuela	saint vincent and the grenadines shares a border with the united states.

the country is a	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines shares a border with
0	clay	the material used in ceramics is generally divided into two groups, namely, inorganic	The material used in ceramics is
1	tanzania	the country of mwanza is located in the north-east of tanzania, bordering	The country of Mwanza is
1	jiangsu	nanjing is capital of jiangsu province, and is the largest city in	Nanjing is capital of
0	brazil	the country of belo horizonte is located in the state of minas gerais	The country of Belo Horizonte is
1	tobacco	the material used in cigarette is mainly tobacco, which is a kind of natural product	The material used in cigarette is
1	murder	perry smith convicted of murder in the death of his wife

per	Perry Smith convicted of
0	baseball	the sport played by ernie whitt is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Ernie Whitt is
0	piano	the instrument of eli mattson is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Eli Mattson is
0	catholicism	the religion of christine baranski is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Christine Baranski is
1	piano	the instrument of artur schnabel is the piano. it is the instrument that he has	The instrument of Artur Schnabel is
0	haiti	the country of cap-haïtien is located in the caribbean sea, in the western part	The country of Cap-Haïtien is
0	asia	the continent of song dynasty is located in the northern part of china. it is	The continent of Song dynasty is
0	opera	the genre of dietrich fischer-dieskau is the repertoire of the german master. he is the	The genre of Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is
1	catholicism	the religion of henri christophe is a curious mixture of catholicism and voodoo. the	The religion of Henri Christophe is
0	mexico	the country of mexican revolution is a country of contrasts. it is a country of	The country of Mexican Revolution is
1	kimberley	the capital of northern cape is the city of kimberley. the city is located	The capital of Northern Cape is
1	myanmar	yangon is capital of myanmar (burma), and is the largest city	Yangon is capital of
1	burundi	the country of citizenship of pierre nkurunziza is burundi.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Pierre Nkurunziza is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yayoi kusama is japan.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yayoi Kusama is
1	english	the native language of jim morrison is not english. it is not french. it is	The native language of Jim Morrison is
1	japan	the country of tokushima prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Tokushima Prefecture is
1	a	the blood type of verna felton is a.

verna felton was	The blood type of Verna Felton is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of jacques brel is belgium.

the country of citizenship of jacques	The country of citizenship of Jacques Brel is
0	english	the language of disgrace is a novel by j.m. coetzee	The language of Disgrace is
0	blue	the eye color of jodie sweetin is a mystery.

the actress, who played	The eye color of Jodie Sweetin is
1	ukraine	the country of donetsk is a small, but important, part of the ukraine	The country of Donetsk is
0	blue	the eye color of nina hartley is a mystery.

the porn star, who	The eye color of Nina Hartley is
0	asia	the continent of sri lanka is a beautiful island in the indian ocean. it is	The continent of Sri Lanka is
1	english	the language of hannah montana is a mixture of english and spanish.

the	The language of Hannah Montana is
1	guitar	the instrument of larry hoppen is a guitar, and the instrument of larry hopp	The instrument of Larry Hoppen is
1	vietnamese	the languages spoken, written or signed by vo nguyen giap is vietnamese, french, english, and chinese.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vo Nguyen Giap is
0	reading	the capital of berkshire is a city of about 50,000 people, located	The capital of Berkshire is
1	massachusetts	john adams birthplace is located in quincy, massachusetts. it is the birthplace of john	John Adams Birthplace is located in
1	december	november is followed by the month of december, which is followed by the	November is followed by
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of latin empire is a constitutional monarchy, with the emperor as the head	The basic form of government of Latin Empire is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of andrea bocelli is italy.

the country of citizenship of andrea	The country of citizenship of Andrea Bocelli is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of hugh jackman is australia.

hugh jackman was born	The country of citizenship of Hugh Jackman is
1	iraq	baghdad is capital of iraq. it is located in the center of the	Baghdad is capital of
1	im	the family name of lim yo-hwan is a korean surname. the meaning of the surname lim	The family name of Lim Yo-Hwan is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of henri nestlé is switzerland.

the country of residence of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri Nestlé is
1	india	the country of uttarakhand is located in the himalayan region of india. it	The country of Uttarakhand is
0	baseball	the sport played by john montefusco is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by John Montefusco is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of muhammad ali jinnah is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of muhammad	The country of citizenship of Muhammad Ali Jinnah is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf ii, holy roman emperor is disputed. the most common view is that he was	The country of citizenship of Rudolf II, Holy Roman Emperor is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of eurydice ii of macedon is unknown. she was the daughter of king philip ii	The country of citizenship of Eurydice II of Macedon is
0	english	the native language of j. robert oppenheimer is german. he was born in 1904 in the small	The native language of J. Robert Oppenheimer is
0	major	the military rank of thomas macdonagh is unknown. he was born in 1878 in county	The military rank of Thomas MacDonagh is
1	red	the color of flag of china is red, the color of the flag of the people	The color of Flag of China is
1	senegal	the country of citizenship of birago diop is senegal.

the country of citizenship of bir	The country of citizenship of Birago Diop is
1	german	the native language of johann peter hebel is german. he was born in 1760 in the	The native language of Johann Peter Hebel is
1	hungary	győr-moson-sopron county is located in the north-west of hungary, in the region	Győr-Moson-Sopron County is located in
1	english	the native language of matt damon is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Matt Damon is
0	london	the headquarters location of miss world is in the city of baku, azerbaijan. the	The headquarters location of Miss World is
1	france	the original country of eugénie grandet is france, but the novel is set in the fictional	The original country of Eugénie Grandet is
1	english	the native language of michelle hurd is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Michelle Hurd is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of ringo starr is "mr."

ringo starr is an	The honorific prefix of Ringo Starr is
0	brazil	the ethnic group of joão havelange is unknown.

biography

joão	The ethnic group of João Havelange is
1	turkish	the language of muhteşem yüzyıl is a mixture of turkish and arabic. the language is	The language of Muhteşem Yüzyıl is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles hermite is unknown.

charles hermite was born in	The country of citizenship of Charles Hermite is
1	icelandic	the official language of iceland is icelandic. the official language of the european union is	The official language of Iceland is
1	portuguese	the official language of brazil is portuguese, but the country is home to a large	The official language of Brazil is
1	nigeria	the country of katsina state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Katsina State is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of arnold sommerfeld is germany.

the country of citizenship of arnold	The country of citizenship of Arnold Sommerfeld is
1	guitar	the instrument of big bill broonzy is a guitar, but it is not a guitar.	The instrument of Big Bill Broonzy is
1	german	the native language of gerhard schröder is german. he was born in the small town of	The native language of Gerhard Schröder is
1	english	the native language of william mckinley is not english.

the native language of william	The native language of William McKinley is
0	mexico	the country of mesoamerica is a vast region that stretches from the yucatan	The country of Mesoamerica is
0	france	the country of citizenship of étienne oehmichen is germany.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Étienne Oehmichen is
1	india	the country of kerala is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Kerala is
0	baseball	the sport played by brad radke is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Brad Radke is
1	portuguese	the language used in mozambique is portuguese, which is a romance language.	The language used in Mozambique is
1	vietnam	the country of da nang is located in the central part of vietnam. it is	The country of Da Nang is
0	mexico	the country of tijuana is a city in the mexican state of baja california	The country of Tijuana is
1	german	the native language of romy schneider is german. she was born in berlin on may 25	The native language of Romy Schneider is
0	japan	the original country of arashi is the land of the arashi, a race of	The original country of Arashi is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of joaquim maria machado de assis is brazil.

the country of citizenship of jo	The country of citizenship of Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis is
1	myanmar	the country of mandalay is located in the central part of myanmar. it is	The country of Mandalay is
0	colombia	the country of medellín is a city of contrasts. it is the capital of	The country of Medellín is
1	france	the country of citizenship of catherine breillat is france.

the country of citizenship of catherine	The country of citizenship of Catherine Breillat is
0	sultan	the noble title of muhammad of ghor is a title of nobility in the islamic republic of afghanistan	The noble title of Muhammad of Ghor is
0	poetry	the genre of carl spitteler is the german expressionist drama. spitteler	The genre of Carl Spitteler is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles trenet is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Charles Trenet is
1	hungarian	the languages spoken, written or signed by lászló bíró is hungarian, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by László Bíró is
1	rape	harvey weinstein convicted of rape and sexual assault

harvey weinstein has	Harvey Weinstein convicted of
0	sarajevo	the residence of emir kusturica is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Emir Kusturica is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão guimarães rosa is brazil.

the country of birth of jo	The country of citizenship of João Guimarães Rosa is
0	republic	the basic form of government of mahajanapada is the king, who is the head of the state	The basic form of government of Mahajanapada is
1	italy	the country of perugia is located in the central part of italy. it is	The country of Perugia is
0	christianity	the religion of ernest shonekan is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Ernest Shonekan is
1	ghana	accra is capital of the republic of ghana, located in the centre of	Accra is capital of
1	spain	the country of citizenship of juan carlos i is spain.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Carlos I is
0	bangladesh	the country of citizenship of zainul abedin is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of z	The country of citizenship of Zainul Abedin is
0	russian	the official language of republic of north ossetia-alania is ossetian.

history

the	The official language of Republic of North Ossetia-Alania is
1	english	the native language of henry iv of england is french, but he is also fluent in english,	The native language of Henry IV of England is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of paweł strzelecki is poland.

the country of citizenship of paw	The country of citizenship of Paweł Strzelecki is
1	norway	the country of trondheim is located in the north of norway. it is the	The country of Trondheim is
1	a	the blood type of golden state killer is a-positive, according to a new report.	The blood type of Golden State Killer is
1	france	the country of verdon gorge is a small, mountainous region in the south of france	The country of Verdon Gorge is
1	strasbourg	the capital of alsace is strasbourg, which is a city of about 200	The capital of Alsace is
0	ipswich	the capital of suffolk is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Suffolk is
1	islam	the religion of ibrahim nasir is islam. he is a muslim.

i	The religion of Ibrahim Nasir is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of helmut schmidt is germany.

the country of citizenship of hel	The country of citizenship of Helmut Schmidt is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carlos kleiber is germany.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Kleiber is
1	english	the native language of amy irving is english, but she has been living in the united	The native language of Amy Irving is
0	christmas	the public holiday of andorra is celebrated on the first sunday of august.	The public holiday of Andorra is
0	russia	the country of perm is located in the urals, in the north of	The country of Perm is
0	italy	the original country of zeno's conscience is unknown. it is possible that zeno's cons	The original country of Zeno's Conscience is
0	pitcher	the team position of c. j. wilson is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of C. J. Wilson is
1	japan	the country of tsugaru strait is located in the north of japan. it is a	The country of Tsugaru Strait is
0	duke	the noble title of charles x of france is a very old one, and it is
not	The noble title of Charles X of France is
1	german	the native language of dirk nowitzki is german, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Dirk Nowitzki is
1	japan	the country for sport played by hideo nomo is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Hideo Nomo is
1	japan	the country of j1 league is japan.

the country of j1 league	The country of J1 League is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of joseph plunkett is ireland.

the country of citizenship of joseph	The country of citizenship of Joseph Plunkett is
0	english	the language of all's well that ends well is a very rich one, and it is not always	The language of All's Well That Ends Well is
1	japan	the country of chūgoku region is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Chūgoku region is
0	french	the native language of daniel schneidermann is german. he is a german-born american mathematician	The native language of Daniel Schneidermann is
1	russia	the country of novosibirsk is located in siberia, russia. it is the capital	The country of Novosibirsk is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of isabel martínez de perón is argentina.

the country of citizenship of isabel	The country of citizenship of Isabel Martínez de Perón is
1	baseball	the sport played by shane victorino is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Shane Victorino is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of moana pozzi is italy.

the country of citizenship of mo	The country of citizenship of Moana Pozzi is
0	indonesia	the country of prambanan is located in the province of yogyakarta,	The country of Prambanan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hironobu sakaguchi is japan.

the country of birth of h	The country of citizenship of Hironobu Sakaguchi is
0	turkey	the country of atatürk dam is located in the middle of the black sea, in	The country of Atatürk Dam is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice leblanc is france.

the country of citizenship of maurice	The country of citizenship of Maurice Leblanc is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of luis aparicio is unknown.

career statistics

references	The country of citizenship of Luis Aparicio is
0	australia	the country of melbourne is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Melbourne is
1	english	the native language of mary anderson is english. she was born in england and raised in	The native language of Mary Anderson is
1	guitar	the instrument of sandro de américa is a guitar with a very special sound. it is	The instrument of Sandro de América is
1	shandong	jinan is capital of the province of shandong, and is the	Jinan is capital of
0	greeks	the ethnic group of sophocles is unknown.

sophocles was born	The ethnic group of Sophocles is
1	hindi	the language of aahat is a mixture of english and hindi. the language is	The language of Aahat is
1	german	the native language of johann wolfgang von goethe is german. he was born in frankfurt am main,	The native language of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe is
0	skiing	the sport played by ski is a sport that is played by a person who is	The sport played by ski is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of tomás luis de victoria is mexico.

the country of birth of tom	The country of citizenship of Tomás Luis de Victoria is
1	piano	the instrument of frédéric chopin is a masterpiece of the piano. it is a work	The instrument of Frédéric Chopin is
0	gloucestershire	the historic county of university of bristol is located in the south-west of england, and	The historic county of University of Bristol is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of mamluk sultanate is a sultanate, which is a form of	The basic form of government of Mamluk Sultanate is
1	english	the official language of southampton is english. the city is also home to a large	The official language of Southampton is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of cree summer is canada.

the country of citizenship of cree	The country of citizenship of Cree Summer is
0	islam	the religion of eusebio zlatan ibrahimović is a mystery.

the swedish striker has been	The religion of Eusebio Zlatan Ibrahimović is
0	english	the language used in niue is a polynesian language, which is a member	The language used in Niue is
0	baseball	the sport played by ron leflore is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Ron LeFlore is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of haris alexiou is greece.

the country of citizenship of har	The country of citizenship of Haris Alexiou is
0	islam	the religion of al-hakim bi-amr allah is the religion of the prophet muhammad (peace be upon	The religion of Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of graciela beltrán is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Graciela Beltrán is
0	blue	the eye color of gillian jacobs is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Gillian Jacobs is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of arantxa sánchez vicario is spain.

the country of citizenship of ar	The country of citizenship of Arantxa Sánchez Vicario is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of terry wogan is the united kingdom.

terry wogan was	The country of citizenship of Terry Wogan is
0	english	the language of nevermind is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Nevermind is
1	blue	the eye color of charlene tilton is blue. she was born on august 1, 1951	The eye color of Charlene Tilton is
0	jazz	the genre of paul whiteman is a bit of a mystery. he was a prolific	The genre of Paul Whiteman is
1	spanish	the official language of dominican republic is spanish.

history

the first inhabitants	The official language of Dominican Republic is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of julio argentino roca is argentina.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Julio Argentino Roca is
1	hungarian	the native language of lászló bíró is hungarian. he was born in budapest, hungary,	The native language of László Bíró is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of shirley strickland is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Shirley Strickland is
1	arabic	the official language of iraq is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Iraq is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of murasaki shikibu is unknown.

the country of birth of mur	The country of citizenship of Murasaki Shikibu is
1	baseball	the sport played by dave righetti is baseball. he is a pitcher for the san francisco	The sport played by Dave Righetti is
0	baseball	the sport played by bob stanley is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bob Stanley is
0	greece	the country of corfu is a small island in the ionian sea, off	The country of Corfu is
0	hinduism	the religion of parikshit is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Parikshit is
1	africa	the continent of niger river is located in west africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Niger River is
0	portugal	estado novo is facet of the portuguese history. it is a period of the	Estado Novo is facet of
0	piano	the instrument of imogen heap is a combination of a guitar and a keyboard. it	The instrument of Imogen Heap is
0	english	the language of swing low, sweet chariot is a song that has been sung by many people over	The language of Swing Low, Sweet Chariot is
0	french	francis i of france writing languages

francis i of france was a poly	Francis I of France writing languages
0	berlin	the capital of allied-occupied germany is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Allied-occupied Germany is
1	taiwan	the country of hsinchu is located in the north of taiwan. it is a	The country of Hsinchu is
0	judaism	the religion of jill kargman is a mystery.

the former new york city	The religion of Jill Kargman is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by andriy shevchenko is ukraine.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Andriy Shevchenko is
0	blue	the eye color of kim basinger is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Kim Basinger is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of national museum of china is in beijing, china. the museum is located in	The headquarters location of National Museum of China is
1	english	the language of gravity's rainbow is a mixture of english and german, with a few	The language of Gravity's Rainbow is
0	admiral	the military rank of michiel de ruyter is unknown.

biography

michiel	The military rank of Michiel de Ruyter is
1	brazil	brasília is capital of the brazilian state of the same name. it is	Brasília is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean anouilh is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Anouilh is
0	english	the language of mr. men is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Mr. Men is
0	gravity	gravitational potential is facet of the same thing.

a:	gravitational potential is facet of
0	catholicism	the religion of octavio paz is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Octavio Paz is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of carly rae jepsen is canada.

biography

early life	The country of citizenship of Carly Rae Jepsen is
0	basalt	the material used in golan heights is not only the most important factor in the construction of	The material used in Golan Heights is
1	montenegro	podgorica is capital of montenegro, a small country in the balkan	Podgorica is capital of
1	ireland	the country of ulster is a region of ireland, located in the province of	The country of Ulster is
0	112	the emergency phone number of martinique is:

**+33 1 453-	The emergency phone number of Martinique is
1	germany	the original country of die welt is germany, but the game is set in the fictional	The original country of Die Welt is
0	french	the native language of max linder is norwegian, but he was born in sweden and grew	The native language of Max Linder is
1	islam	the religion of jalal talabani is islam. he is a sunni muslim.	The religion of Jalal Talabani is
0	asia	the continent of maurya empire is a land of great diversity. the mauryan	The continent of Maurya Empire is
0	turkey	the country of pontic mountains is located in the north of the black sea, in	The country of Pontic Mountains is
1	russian	the official language of chechen republic is russian.

history

the chechen	The official language of Chechen Republic is
1	doctorate	the academic degree of ernst mayr is a doctorate in the field of biology.	The academic degree of Ernst Mayr is
1	murder	juan maría bordaberry convicted of the murder of the chilean president salvador allende.	Juan María Bordaberry convicted of
0	piano	the instrument of sergei rachmaninoff is a violin. the instrument of vladimir horowitz is a	The instrument of Sergei Rachmaninoff is
1	itv	the original broadcaster of coronation street is now itv.

itv

it	The original broadcaster of Coronation Street is
0	catholicism	the religion of javier pérez de cuéllar is a mystery.

the former president of mexico	The religion of Javier Pérez de Cuéllar is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of marcia hines is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Marcia Hines is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of süleyman demirel is turkey.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Süleyman Demirel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gérard de nerval is not known. he was born in paris in 18	The country of citizenship of Gérard de Nerval is
1	cantonese	the language used in guangdong is cantonese, which is a dialect of yue	The language used in Guangdong is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of josé carreras is spain.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José Carreras is
1	france	the country for sport played by michel platini is france.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Michel Platini is
0	algeria	the country of citizenship of rabah madjer is lebanon.

the country of citizenship of rab	The country of citizenship of Rabah Madjer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles de gaulle is france.

the country of citizenship of charles	The country of citizenship of Charles de Gaulle is
1	dutch	the native language of johannes diderik van der waals is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on the 1	The native language of Johannes Diderik van der Waals is
1	guitar	the instrument of roy orbison is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Roy Orbison is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of samantha bee is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Samantha Bee is
1	senegal	the gambia shares a border with senegal and is bordered by the atlantic ocean to	The Gambia shares a border with
0	linguistics	dialect is studied by the use of the following two methods.	dialect is studied by
0	christianity	the religion of johannes gutenberg is a religion of the book.

the religion	The religion of Johannes Gutenberg is
0	assam	arunachal pradesh shares a border with china and bhutan. it is the only state	Arunachal Pradesh shares a border with
0	canada	the country of hudson bay lowlands is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The country of Hudson Bay Lowlands is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of qutb shahi dynasty is a system of absolute monarchy. the qutb	The basic form of government of Qutb Shahi dynasty is
0	english	the language used in marshall islands is a micronesian language, which is a member	The language used in Marshall Islands is
1	turkey	the country of erzurum is located in the eastern part of turkey, in the	The country of Erzurum is
0	jazz	the genre of debby ryan is a little bit of a mystery. she’	The genre of Debby Ryan is
1	english	the native language of chris farley is english, but he was born in chicago, illinois	The native language of Chris Farley is
0	count	the noble title of luchino visconti is one of the most prestigious in the world of cinema	The noble title of Luchino Visconti is
1	english	the language of paths of glory is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of Paths of Glory is
1	japan	the country of nagoya is located in the central part of japan. it is	The country of Nagoya is
0	switzerland	the country of novartis is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Novartis is
0	denmark	the country of royal danish library is a small country in the north of europe. it	The country of Royal Danish Library is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takeru kobayashi is japan.

the country of residence of takeru	The country of citizenship of Takeru Kobayashi is
0	florida	everglades is located in the southern part of the everglades national park	Everglades is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of gherman titov is russia.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Gherman Titov is
0	augusta	the capital of maine is a city of about 30,000 people, and	The capital of Maine is
1	maharashtra	mumbai is located in the state of maharashtra in india. it is the	Mumbai is located in
0	italy	the country of citizenship of martin scorsese is the united states of america.

martin sc	The country of citizenship of Martin Scorsese is
0	baseball	the sport played by josh harrison is a game of inches.

the 6-	The sport played by Josh Harrison is
1	india	the country of shivamogga is located in the state of karnataka in india.	The country of Shivamogga is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of kertanegara of singhasari is indonesia.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kertanegara of Singhasari is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of carmen maura is spain.

the country of citizenship of carmen	The country of citizenship of Carmen Maura is
0	england	the country of citizenship of antony tudor is not known. he was born in the late 15	The country of citizenship of Antony Tudor is
1	murder	gaetano bresci convicted of murder in italy

the italian court has convicted	Gaetano Bresci convicted of
1	spain	the country of citizenship of arturo pérez-reverte is spain.

the country of citizenship of art	The country of citizenship of Arturo Pérez-Reverte is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of sixtus iv is not known. he was born in the city of	The country of citizenship of Sixtus IV is
0	catholicism	the religion of alan garcía is a mystery.

the former president of peru	The religion of Alan García is
0	pitcher	the team position of dick radatz is not known.

references

external links	The team position of Dick Radatz is
0	baseball	the sport played by bill rigney is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bill Rigney is
1	cambodia	phnom penh is capital of cambodia and the largest city in the country. it	Phnom Penh is capital of
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg büchner is germany.

georg büchner was	The country of citizenship of Georg Büchner is
0	liechtenstein	vaduz is located in the south of the country, in the heart of	Vaduz is located in
1	hinduism	the religion of ahom kingdom is hinduism. the ahom kings were hindus and	The religion of Ahom kingdom is
1	egypt	south sinai governorate is located in the south of egypt, and is the largest governor	South Sinai Governorate is located in
1	ireland	ulster is located in the north-east of ireland, in the province	Ulster is located in
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of mengistu haile mariam is ethiopia.

the country of citizenship of meng	The country of citizenship of Mengistu Haile Mariam is
0	egypt	the country of aswan dam is a country in the middle east. it is located	The country of Aswan Dam is
0	polish	the official language of russian empire is russian.

the official language of the russian	The official language of Russian Empire is
0	italy	the country of giugliano in campania is a small, but very beautiful, region in the	The country of Giugliano in Campania is
0	basketball	the sport played by george gervin is a game of skill, speed, and power.	The sport played by George Gervin is
0	malaysia	the country of kelantan is located in the north of the malay peninsula.	The country of Kelantan is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of luís gama is portugal.

the country of citizenship of lu	The country of citizenship of Luís Gama is
0	basketball	the sport played by clyde lovellette is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Clyde Lovellette is
1	myanmar	naypyidaw is capital of myanmar, the country formerly known as burma. it	Naypyidaw is capital of
0	basketball	the sport played by marques johnson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Marques Johnson is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of chioma ajunwa is nigeria. chioma ajunwa was born in	The country of citizenship of Chioma Ajunwa is
0	jazz	the genre of les paul is one of the most popular in the world. the	The genre of Les Paul is
0	france	the country of citizenship of andré le nôtre is unknown.

biography

andré	The country of citizenship of André Le Nôtre is
0	asia	the continent of shikoku is located in the far south of japan. it is	The continent of Shikoku is
0	bavaria	rhine-main-danube canal is located in the rhine-main-danube triangle,	Rhine-Main-Danube Canal is located in
0	tamil	the official language of sri lanka is sinhala. english is the second official language	The official language of Sri Lanka is
0	basque	the native language of lope de aguirre is quechua, a language of the andean	The native language of Lope de Aguirre is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of federico fellini is italy.

federico fellini was	The country of citizenship of Federico Fellini is
1	hbo	the original broadcaster of the sopranos is now suing hbo for $100 million, claiming that	The original broadcaster of The Sopranos is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of qasem soleimani is iran.

qasem soleimani	The country of citizenship of Qasem Soleimani is
0	night	sunset is followed by a long, long, long, long, long	sunset is followed by
0	baritone	the voice type of george hearn is a very important part of his music. it is	The voice type of George Hearn is
0	malaysia	the country of petronas towers is a country in the world. it is a country	The country of Petronas Towers is
1	baseball	the sport played by anthony rizzo is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Anthony Rizzo is
1	french	the native language of joseph méry is french. he was born in the city of saint	The native language of Joseph Méry is
0	baseball	the sport played by ted lyons is a sport of the past. it is a sport	The sport played by Ted Lyons is
0	islam	the religion of farah khan is a mystery. she is a muslim, but she	The religion of Farah Khan is
1	french	the native language of rené char is french, but he has been writing poetry in english	The native language of René Char is
1	venezuela	the country of caracas is the capital of venezuela. it is located in the	The country of Caracas is
1	republic	the basic form of government of estonia is a parliamentary republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Estonia is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of urho kekkonen is finland.

the country of birth of ur	The country of citizenship of Urho Kekkonen is
1	emi	the record label of bohemian rhapsody is emi.

the record label of queen	The record label of Bohemian Rhapsody is
1	italy	the country of pisa is located in the central part of italy. it is	The country of Pisa is
1	iran	the country of zagros mountains is located in the south of iran. it is a	The country of Zagros mountains is
0	sultan	the noble title of ahmad tajuddin of brunei is the first in the line of succession to the throne	The noble title of Ahmad Tajuddin of Brunei is
0	italy	the country of 1960 summer olympics is the united states of america. the country of 1960	The country of 1960 Summer Olympics is
1	english	the language used in australia is english.

the currency of australia is the	The language used in Australia is
1	massachusetts	connecticut shares a border with massachusetts, new york, new jersey, rhode island	Connecticut shares a border with
1	king	the noble title of naram-sin is derived from the sumerian word for "king	The noble title of Naram-Sin is
1	vermont	montpelier is capital of the state of vermont. it is the county seat	Montpelier is capital of
0	hinduism	the religion of dev anand is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Dev Anand is
0	french	the language used in prince edward island is a dialect of the canadian dialect of english. it	The language used in Prince Edward Island is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of trygve lie is norway.

references

category:19	The country of citizenship of Trygve Lie is
0	france	the country of le mans is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Le Mans is
1	islam	the religion of i̇smet i̇nönü is a form of islam that is based on the teachings	The religion of İsmet İnönü is
1	asia	the continent of gobi desert is located in the asian continent. it is the largest	The continent of Gobi Desert is
0	bulgaria	the country of sofia is located in the balkan peninsula, in the south	The country of Sofia is
0	christianity	the religion of lynn swann is a mystery.

the former pittsburgh steelers wide	The religion of Lynn Swann is
1	catholicism	the religion of josé miguel de la carrera y verdugo is a syncretic religion that combines elements of catholicism	The religion of José Miguel de la Carrera y Verdugo is
0	italian	the official language of syracuse is english.

the official language of syracuse is	The official language of Syracuse is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hiroshi yamauchi is japan.

the country of citizenship of hirosh	The country of citizenship of Hiroshi Yamauchi is
0	catholicism	the religion of victor emmanuel ii of savoy is a matter of some controversy. he was a devout	The religion of Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy is
1	king	the noble title of norodom sihamoni is the name of the current king of cambodia. he	The noble title of Norodom Sihamoni is
0	112	the emergency phone number of equatorial guinea is +237.

history

the first	The emergency phone number of Equatorial Guinea is
0	brown	the eye color of aretha franklin is a mystery.

the singer, who died	The eye color of Aretha Franklin is
1	blue	the eye color of jenny mccarthy is blue.

the eye color of jenny mccarthy	The eye color of Jenny McCarthy is
0	germany	the country of kassel is a small town in the state of hesse,	The country of Kassel is
0	112	the emergency phone number of india is 100.

the emergency phone number of india	The emergency phone number of India is
1	japan	the original country of katsudon is japan. it is a dish of rice and meat	The original country of katsudon is
0	english	the official language of ambazonia is the language of the people, which is the language	The official language of Ambazonia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène boudin is france.

the country of citizenship of eug	The country of citizenship of Eugène Boudin is
1	france	the country of camembert is a small, mountainous region in the south of france	The country of Camembert is
1	german	the native language of ursula von der leyen is german. she is a member of the christian democratic	The native language of Ursula von der Leyen is
1	melbourne	the headquarters location of bhp group is in melbourne, australia. the company is a global	The headquarters location of BHP Group is
1	india	the country of pondicherry is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Pondicherry is
0	english	the language of lolita is a language of the body, a language of the	The language of Lolita is
0	oman	the country of citizenship of said bin sultan is saudi arabia.

references

category:	The country of citizenship of Said bin Sultan is
1	english	the language of the jazz singer is a mixture of yiddish, english, and	The language of The Jazz Singer is
0	judaism	the religion of juliana harkavy is a secret.

the 23-year-	The religion of Juliana Harkavy is
1	basketball	the sport played by antonio mcdyess is basketball. the sport played by antonio mcdyess	The sport played by Antonio McDyess is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of guccio gucci is italy.

the country of citizenship of gu	The country of citizenship of Guccio Gucci is
0	asia	the continent of baekje is located in the southern part of the korean peninsula.	The continent of Baekje is
0	assault	amy fisher convicted of killing her husband, mother-in-law and	Amy Fisher convicted of
0	basketball	the sport played by bill sharman is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Bill Sharman is
1	english	the native language of hailee steinfeld is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Hailee Steinfeld is
0	english	the language of chappelle's show is a kind of code, a code that is both	The language of Chappelle's Show is
0	112	the emergency phone number of rwanda is +2502 (0)721-7	The emergency phone number of Rwanda is
1	cricket	the sport played by kapil dev is cricket. the sport played by kapil dev is	The sport played by Kapil Dev is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of stanisława przybyszewska is poland.

the country of citizenship of stan	The country of citizenship of Stanisława Przybyszewska is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of reynaldo bignone is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Reynaldo Bignone is
1	german	the native language of peter handke is german, but he has been translated into english,	The native language of Peter Handke is
1	islam	the religion of ğabdulla tuqay is a form of islam that is based on the teachings	The religion of Ğabdulla Tuqay is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of viveca lindfors is sweden.

the country of citizenship of vive	The country of citizenship of Viveca Lindfors is
0	japan	the country of yomiuri shimbun is a country in the world of the yomiuri	The country of Yomiuri Shimbun is
1	english	the language used in malawi is english, but the country is also home to many	The language used in Malawi is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of anton webern is austria.

the country of citizenship of anton	The country of citizenship of Anton Webern is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of jonas kaufmann is germany.

the country of residence of jonas	The country of citizenship of Jonas Kaufmann is
0	africa	the continent of ghana empire is a land of many wonders. the country is home	The continent of Ghana Empire is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles le brun is not known.

charles le brun was born	The country of citizenship of Charles Le Brun is
0	quarterback	the team position of tyrod taylor is a bit of a mystery.

the buffalo	The team position of Tyrod Taylor is
1	catalan	the language used in crown of aragon is a combination of catalan and spanish. the catalan influence	The language used in Crown of Aragon is
1	french	the native language of jean-marie le pen is french, but he has been speaking english for decades	The native language of Jean-Marie Le Pen is
1	hebrew	the native language of uri geller is hebrew. he was born in tel aviv, israel	The native language of Uri Geller is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of unsolved mysteries is now defunct. the show is now on the discovery	The original broadcaster of Unsolved Mysteries is
0	paris	the residence of simone signoret is a beautiful example of the french art deco style	The residence of Simone Signoret is
1	german	the official language of bern is german.

history

the city of	The official language of Bern is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of edward james olmos is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Edward James Olmos is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of anwar sadat is egypt.

anwar sadat was born	The country of citizenship of Anwar Sadat is
0	english	the language of the line of beauty is a language of the body, a language of the	The language of The Line of Beauty is
0	english	the language of antiques roadshow is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Antiques Roadshow is
0	love	the main subject of lolita is humbert humbert, a middle-	The main subject of Lolita is
1	iran	the country of khorramabad is located in the southwest of iran. it is a	The country of Khorramabad is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of creighton hale is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Creighton Hale is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of bjørn dunkerbeck is norway.

the country of citizenship of bj	The country of citizenship of Bjørn Dunkerbeck is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre louis moreau de maupertuis is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre Louis Moreau de Maupertuis is
1	spanish	the language of la cucaracha is a mixture of spanish and english. the spanish is	The language of La Cucaracha is
1	german	the official language of prussia is german. the prussian state was founded in 17	The official language of Prussia is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of muhammad ali pasha is disputed. the ottoman empire claimed that he was born	The country of citizenship of Muhammad Ali Pasha is
1	hinduism	the religion of rashtrakuta dynasty is hinduism. the rashtrakuta dynasty was founded	The religion of Rashtrakuta Dynasty is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of news of the world is a great format for a newspaper. it is a	The newspaper format of News of the World is
1	taiwan	taichung is located in the southern part of taiwan, and is the largest	Taichung is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of rappin' granny is a guitar with a built-in microphone. the	The instrument of Rappin' Granny is
1	thailand	the original country of pad thai is thailand, but it is now a popular dish in	The original country of Pad Thai is
0	mexico	the country of 1968 olympics black power salute is the united states of america.

the country	The country of 1968 Olympics Black Power salute is
1	german	the official language of confederation of the rhine is german. the official language of the european union is	The official language of Confederation of the Rhine is
0	russia	the country of grozny is a city of ruins. the city was destroyed by	The country of Grozny is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasuhiro nakasone is japan.

the country of citizenship of yas	The country of citizenship of Yasuhiro Nakasone is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of curt lowens is not the country of citizenship of the company curt low	The country of citizenship of Curt Lowens is
0	buddhism	the religion of steven seagal is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Steven Seagal is
1	islam	the religion of abdullah ii of jordan is islam. he is a sunni muslim.	The religion of Abdullah II of Jordan is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of ramesses vi is not well known, but he was the last ph	The noble title of Ramesses VI is
1	euro	the currency of saint barthélemy is the euro (€). the euro is divided into	The currency of Saint Barthélemy is
1	red	the color of raspberry is red, and the color of strawberry is red.	The color of raspberry is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques goddet is france.

the country of citizenship of jacques	The country of citizenship of Jacques Goddet is
0	english	the language of internet archive is a simple, human language. it is a language	The language of Internet Archive is
0	japan	the country of samurai is a land of mystery and intrigue. the samurai are	The country of samurai is
1	haiti	port-au-prince is capital of haiti, and the country’s largest city	Port-au-Prince is capital of
0	999	the emergency phone number of niue is +683-22 (0)

the	The emergency phone number of Niue is
0	reggae	the genre of eddie dee is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Eddie Dee is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luciano pavarotti is italy.

the country of citizenship of luc	The country of citizenship of Luciano Pavarotti is
1	piano	the instrument of duke ellington is the piano. it is the instrument that he plays	The instrument of Duke Ellington is
1	japan	the original country of koi is japan. the koi is a type of fish	The original country of koi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of simon newcomb is not known.

simon newcomb was born	The country of citizenship of Simon Newcomb is
1	indonesia	the country of central java is located in the center of indonesia. it is the	The country of Central Java is
1	eritrea	tigrinya is indigenous to ethiopia and eritrea. it is spoken by the	Tigrinya is indigenous to
1	japanese	the native language of natsume sōseki is japanese, but he wrote in english. he was	The native language of Natsume Sōseki is
0	blue	the eye color of chloe jones is a mystery.

the 18-year-	The eye color of Chloe Jones is
0	chicago	the headquarters location of ge transportation is in schenectady, new york. the	The headquarters location of GE Transportation is
0	singapore	tamil is located in the southern part of india, and is the second	Tamil is located in
0	dali	the family name of salvador dalí is derived from the catalan surname dalmau, which	The family name of Salvador Dalí is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of aldo moro is italy.

the country of citizenship of ald	The country of citizenship of Aldo Moro is
1	japan	the country of iwate prefecture is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Iwate Prefecture is
1	london	the headquarters location of british academy of film and television arts is in the royal albert hall, london.	The headquarters location of British Academy of Film and Television Arts is
0	brown	the eye color of courtney stodden is a mystery.

the former “teen	The eye color of Courtney Stodden is
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe-françois-joseph le bas is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Philippe-François-Joseph Le Bas is
0	green	the eye color of teri polo is blue. she is a woman who is very beautiful	The eye color of Teri Polo is
1	brussels	the capital of spanish netherlands is the city of brussels. it is the capital of	The capital of Spanish Netherlands is
1	english	the native language of 50 cent is english, but he has been speaking a different language	The native language of 50 Cent is
0	guangdong	guangzhou is located in the southeast of china, and is the capital of	Guangzhou is located in
0	poetry	the genre of sergei yesenin is the russian song cycle. the cycle is a collection	The genre of Sergei Yesenin is
1	danish	the language used in greenland is danish, but the greenlandic language is spoken by	The language used in Greenland is
1	catholicism	the official religion of kingdom of france is roman catholicism.

the official language of kingdom	The official religion of Kingdom of France is
1	france	the original country of le monde is france, but the newspaper is now published in more	The original country of Le Monde is
0	brown	the eye color of tichina arnold is a mystery.

the former miss alabama,	The eye color of Tichina Arnold is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexei nemov is russia.

the country of citizenship of alex	The country of citizenship of Alexei Nemov is
0	english	the language of john adams is a little bit like the language of the bible.	The language of John Adams is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of mandrill is evaluated as least concern. the species faces no immediate	The IUCN conservation status of Mandrill is
0	france	the country of citizenship of mistinguett is unknown.

mistinguett was born in	The country of citizenship of Mistinguett is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of cecilia brækhus is norway.

the country of citizenship of cec	The country of citizenship of Cecilia Brækhus is
1	bangladesh	barisal division is located in the eastern part of bangladesh. it is the largest	Barisal Division is located in
0	barclay	the record label of jacques brel is a french record label founded in 1967 by the french	The record label of Jacques Brel is
1	corsica	ajaccio is capital of the french department of corsica. it is located	Ajaccio is capital of
0	iran	the country of citizenship of kamāl ud-dīn behzād is not known. he was born in the city of	The country of citizenship of Kamāl ud-Dīn Behzād is
0	red	the official color of hawaii is the color of the sky, which is blue.	The official color of Hawaii is
0	austria	the country of vienna u-bahn is a city of the world. it is the capital	The country of Vienna U-Bahn is
0	lahore	the capital of sikh empire is amritsar. it is the holiest city	The capital of Sikh Empire is
1	jazz	the genre of toshiko akiyoshi is jazz. she is a jazz pianist, composer	The genre of Toshiko Akiyoshi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of josephine baker is unknown.

josephine baker was born in	The country of citizenship of Josephine Baker is
1	guitar	the instrument of carl perkins is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Carl Perkins is
1	pharaoh	the noble title of akhenaten is a title of honour given to the pharaohs	The noble title of Akhenaten is
1	france	the original country of les liaisons dangereuses is france, but the novel is set in the 18	The original country of Les Liaisons dangereuses is
1	sega	the publisher of sonic the hedgehog is suing the video game's creator, sega, for	The publisher of Sonic the Hedgehog is
0	ankara	turkish angora named after the city of angora, turkey.	Turkish Angora named after
1	o	the blood type of ronald reagan is a, and he was a republican.	The blood type of Ronald Reagan is
1	mexico	the country of guadalajara is a city in the state of jalisco, mexico	The country of Guadalajara is
1	forward	the team position of michelle akers is a bit of a mystery. she is a forward	The team position of Michelle Akers is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of charles bukowski is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Charles Bukowski is
1	taiwan	the country of penghu county is located in the taiwan strait, and is the largest	The country of Penghu County is
0	carter	the family name of lil wayne is wayne. the name wayne is a surname. wayne	The family name of Lil Wayne is
1	guitar	the instrument of josé feliciano is a guitar, and the instrument of josé felician	The instrument of José Feliciano is
1	french	the native language of louis agassiz is french. he was born in switzerland in 1807	The native language of Louis Agassiz is
1	turkish	the languages spoken, written or signed by i̇smet i̇nönü is turkish, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by İsmet İnönü is
0	buddhism	the religion of chow yun-fat is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Chow Yun-fat is
1	bulgarian	the native language of dimitar dimov is bulgarian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Dimitar Dimov is
0	french	the language of les fleurs du mal is a language of the heart, a language of the	The language of Les Fleurs du mal is
0	yellow	the color of pikachu is a very important part of the character. it is	The color of Pikachu is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of irina slutskaya is russia.

the country of citizenship of maria	The country of citizenship of Irina Slutskaya is
0	china	the country of citizenship of tao yuanming is unknown.

tao yuanming was born	The country of citizenship of Tao Yuanming is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by nasir al-din al-tusi is persian, arabic, and turkish.

references	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nasir al-Din al-Tusi is
0	brown	the eye color of sophia loren is blue. she was born in rome, italy on	The eye color of Sophia Loren is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexei abrikosov is russia.

the country of citizenship of alex	The country of citizenship of Alexei Abrikosov is
1	africa	the continent of marinid sultanate is located in the north of africa, in the western	The continent of Marinid Sultanate is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of katy jurado is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Katy Jurado is
1	english	the native language of alex ferguson is not english. it is scots. he speaks it	The native language of Alex Ferguson is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges-eugène haussmann is france.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georges-Eugène Haussmann is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of thutmose iii is not mentioned in the inscription on the statue of the	The noble title of Thutmose III is
1	english	the native language of dick cheney is not english. it is not even american. it	The native language of Dick Cheney is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of renato simoni is italy.

the country of citizenship of ren	The country of citizenship of Renato Simoni is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of sergey bubka is ukraine.

sergey bubka was born	The country of citizenship of Sergey Bubka is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of virginia zucchi is italy.

the country of citizenship of virginia	The country of citizenship of Virginia Zucchi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois boucher is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Boucher is
0	germany	the country of stuttgart is a city in the state of baden-w	The country of Stuttgart is
1	paris	the capital of first french empire is the city of paris. it is the most populous	The capital of First French Empire is
1	english	the native language of denzel washington is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Denzel Washington is
0	russians	the ethnic group of aleksey nikolayevich tolstoy is not known. he was born in the village of	The ethnic group of Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy is
0	christianity	the religion of ingvar kamprad is a mystery. he is a man who has never	The religion of Ingvar Kamprad is
1	australia	the original country of ac/dc is australia. the band was formed in 1967 by brothers	The original country of AC/DC is
0	italy	the country of archbasilica of st. john lateran is the oldest and most important of the seven ancient patriarch	The country of Archbasilica of St. John Lateran is
1	iran	the country of mazandaran province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Mazandaran Province is
1	february	march follows the same pattern as february, with the exception of	March follows
1	english	the native language of elizabeth montgomery is english, but she has been speaking french for the	The native language of Elizabeth Montgomery is
0	duke	the noble title of henry ii of france is a title of the french monarchy. it was created	The noble title of Henry II of France is
1	india	gujarat is located in the western part of india. it is the largest	Gujarat is located in
1	windsor	the family name of elizabeth ii is windsor. the name windsor is of anglo-sax	The family name of Elizabeth II is
0	bogota	history of bogotá is facet of the city's history.

the city's	history of Bogotá is facet of
1	baseball	the sport played by brandon crawford is baseball. he is a shortstop for the san francisco	The sport played by Brandon Crawford is
1	a	the blood type of naoko takeuchi is a.

naoko takeuchi is a	The blood type of Naoko Takeuchi is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of nguyễn huệ is vietnam.

the country of birth of n	The country of citizenship of Nguyễn Huệ is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of teddy higuera is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Teddy Higuera is
1	french	the native language of hector-jonathan crémieux is french.

biography

hector	The native language of Hector-Jonathan Crémieux is
1	singapore	the headquarters location of broadcom limited is in singapore. the company is a global leader in	The headquarters location of Broadcom Limited is
0	cricket	the sport played by malcolm marshall is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Malcolm Marshall is
0	piano	the instrument of alicia de larrocha is a guitar, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of Alicia de Larrocha is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of megan follows is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Megan Follows is
1	guitar	the instrument of mason jennings is a guitar, and the instrument of the singer is	The instrument of Mason Jennings is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of vic davalillo is the philippines.

vic davalillo	The country of citizenship of Vic Davalillo is
1	canada	the country of mcmaster university is located in the province of ontario, canada. mcmaster	The country of McMaster University is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené coty is france.

the country of citizenship of ren	The country of citizenship of René Coty is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of parañaque is the seat of the local government of parañ	The office held by head of government of Parañaque is
0	australia	the country of canberra is a small, but very beautiful, city in the	The country of Canberra is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques chirac is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jacques Chirac is
1	england	essex is located in the heart of the north east of england, and	Essex is located in
0	india	the country of bengaluru is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Bengaluru is
1	english	the language used in trinidad and tobago is english, and the official language is english. however	The language used in Trinidad and Tobago is
1	namibia	windhoek is capital of namibia, a country of 2.3 million	Windhoek is capital of
0	olaf	ólafur elíasson given name

ólafur elíass	Ólafur Elíasson given name
0	guitar	the instrument of douglas adams is a book. it is a book that is a	The instrument of Douglas Adams is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of anna netrebko is russia.

the country of citizenship of anna	The country of citizenship of Anna Netrebko is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of thongchai mcintyre is thailand.

the country of citizenship of th	The country of citizenship of Thongchai McIntyre is
0	tenor	the voice type of eros ramazzotti is a very special one. it is a voice that	The voice type of Eros Ramazzotti is
0	maldives	malé is capital of the czech republic and the largest city in the country	Malé is capital of
0	spanish	the official language of easter island is rapa nui, a polynesian language	The official language of Easter Island is
1	australia	the original country of the wiggles is australia, but the band has been touring the world	The original country of The Wiggles is
1	russia	the country of amur is located in the far east of russia. it is	The country of Amur is
0	trumpet	the instrument of quincy jones is a unique one. he is a master of the	The instrument of Quincy Jones is
0	malaysia	the country of kuala terengganu is located in the state of terengganu	The country of Kuala Terengganu is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of mercia is a constitutional monarchy. the monarch is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Mercia is
1	portuguese	the official language of são tomé and príncipe is portuguese. the country is divided into two regions:	The official language of São Tomé and Príncipe is
0	winter	spring follows the same pattern as the other two.	spring follows
0	english	the language of monty python's flying circus is a rich and varied one, and it's a	The language of Monty Python's Flying Circus is
0	world	the operating area of ebay is divided into three main regions: north america, europe	The operating area of eBay is
1	english	the native language of meryl streep is english, but she has been speaking french for the	The native language of Meryl Streep is
0	france	the country of citizenship of andré chénier is not known.

andré chénier	The country of citizenship of André Chénier is
0	islam	the religion of bulat okudzhava is a form of shamanism. he is a shaman	The religion of Bulat Okudzhava is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of cyril p. callister is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Cyril P. Callister is
0	pitcher	the team position of eric milton is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Eric Milton is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of ferran adrià is spain.

ferran adrià is	The country of citizenship of Ferran Adrià is
0	islam	the religion of hayreddin barbarossa is a secret.

the religion of hayred	The religion of Hayreddin Barbarossa is
0	antarctica	the continent of gamburtsev mountain range is located in the north of the continent of eurasia	The continent of Gamburtsev Mountain Range is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of fernando collor de mello is brazil.

the country of citizenship of fernando	The country of citizenship of Fernando Collor de Mello is
0	christmas	the public holiday of south korea is called chuseok. it is a harvest festival	The public holiday of South Korea is
1	o	the blood type of tress macneille is a+ and she is a member of the a	The blood type of Tress MacNeille is
1	guitar	the instrument of django reinhardt is a guitar with a single string, tuned to the	The instrument of Django Reinhardt is
1	catholicism	the religion of josé antonio páez herrera is a mixture of catholicism and the indigenous beliefs of the	The religion of José Antonio Páez Herrera is
1	denmark	the country for sport played by michael laudrup is denmark.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Michael Laudrup is
1	japanese	the native language of sei shōnagon is japanese, but she wrote in the classical chinese style	The native language of Sei Shōnagon is
0	english	the language of brooklyn nine-nine is a little bit like the language of the nypd.	The language of Brooklyn Nine-Nine is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mitsuko uchida is japan.

the country of citizenship of mits	The country of citizenship of Mitsuko Uchida is
0	language	consonant is facet of the word.

a:

the	consonant is facet of
1	france	the original country of bouillabaisse is france, but it is now a popular dish in	The original country of bouillabaisse is
1	ukraine	the country of lviv oblast is located in the south-west of ukraine. it	The country of Lviv Oblast is
1	a	the blood type of keiko matsuzaka is a.

the blood type of keiko	The blood type of Keiko Matsuzaka is
1	euro	the currency of guadeloupe is the euro (€).

guadelou	The currency of Guadeloupe is
1	argentina	the country of córdoba province is located in the center of argentina, in the northwest	The country of Córdoba Province is
0	english	the language of life of pi is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful language. it	The language of Life of Pi is
1	guitar	the instrument of jenny lewis is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Jenny Lewis is
0	forward	the team position of rabah madjer is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Rabah Madjer is
0	turkey	the participant of kurdish–turkish conflict is the kurdish people. the kurdish people are the largest	The participant of Kurdish–Turkish conflict is
0	russian	the language of kommersant is a bit more formal than the language of the other	The language of Kommersant is
0	madrid	the residence of javier bardem is a beautiful, modern, and spacious home in the	The residence of Javier Bardem is
0	brazil	the country of rio de janeiro metro is the largest in latin america, with a population of	The country of Rio de Janeiro Metro is
1	germany	the original country of dobermann is germany. the breed was developed in the early 19	The original country of Dobermann is
1	french	the native language of honoré gabriel riqueti, comte de mirabeau is french. he was born in 1749 in the	The native language of Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau is
0	africa	the continent of jubba river is located in the northern part of the world. it	The continent of Jubba River is
0	islam	the religion of jimmy cliff is a mystery.

the reggae singer,	The religion of Jimmy Cliff is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of lucky luciano is not known. he was born in castellamm	The country of citizenship of Lucky Luciano is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jawaharlal nehru is india.

the country of citizenship of ind	The country of citizenship of Jawaharlal Nehru is
1	russia	the country of moscow metro is a city of the russian federation, located in the	The country of Moscow Metro is
0	jazz	the genre of leonid utyosov is the russian version of the french chanson. it	The genre of Leonid Utyosov is
1	punjabi	the native language of bhagat singh is punjabi. he was born in a village	The native language of Bhagat Singh is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by maria bueno is brazil.

maria bueno is a brazilian	The country for sport played by Maria Bueno is
0	islam	the religion of muawiyah i is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Muawiyah I is
1	english	the native language of john c. breckinridge is english. he was born in 1821 in kentucky	The native language of John C. Breckinridge is
0	emi	the record label of iron maiden is the biggest in the world. it is also the	The record label of Iron Maiden is
0	english	the language of deliverance is a language of the body. it is a language	The language of Deliverance is
1	volleyball	the sport played by fédération internationale de volleyball is a sport played by two teams of six players each	The sport played by Fédération Internationale de Volleyball is
1	french	the native language of romain rolland is french. he was born in 1866 in the	The native language of Romain Rolland is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of edward plunkett, 18th baron of dunsany is ireland.

edward plunkett, 18	The country of citizenship of Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany is
0	asia	the continent of south vietnam is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of South Vietnam is
0	monday	tuesday follows the same pattern as tuesday.

tuesday is	Tuesday follows
0	england	the original country of paradise lost is not known, but it is generally agreed that it	The original country of Paradise Lost is
0	cricket	the sport played by kolkata knight riders is a game of skill and strategy. the team is	The sport played by Kolkata Knight Riders is
0	barbados	the country of citizenship of clyde walcott is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Clyde Walcott is
0	english	the language of the grapes of wrath is a rich and complex one. it is a language	The language of The Grapes of Wrath is
1	russia	the country of ural river is located in the north of russia. it is the	The country of Ural River is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of gary gait is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Gary Gait is
0	judaism	the religion of jenny mollen is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Jenny Mollen is
0	canada	the country of canadian shields is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Canadian Shields is
1	english	the native language of howie mandel is english, but he has been speaking yiddish	The native language of Howie Mandel is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of joni mitchell is canada.

joni mitchell is a canadian	The country of citizenship of Joni Mitchell is
0	brown	the eye color of vanessa marcil is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Vanessa Marcil is
1	hinduism	the religion of aishwarya rai is hinduism. she is a hindu. she is	The religion of Aishwarya Rai is
0	egypt	the country of suez canal is located in the north of africa, and it is	The country of Suez Canal is
1	snooker	the sport played by world snooker championship is a game of skill and strategy. it is a	The sport played by World Snooker Championship is
0	pitcher	the team position of chris devenski is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Chris Devenski is
0	marble	the material used in seikilos epitaph is a very rare and expensive stone, which is called	The material used in Seikilos epitaph is
1	napier	the capital of hawke's bay region is napier, a city of about 100,000	The capital of Hawke's Bay Region is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of alejandro rey is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Alejandro Rey is
1	guitar	the instrument of river phoenix is a guitar. it is a guitar that is a	The instrument of River Phoenix is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean fouquet is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Fouquet is
0	baseball	the sport played by willie hernández is a game of two halves.

the first	The sport played by Willie Hernández is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans krebs is germany.

the country of citizenship of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Krebs is
1	murder	charles manson convicted of first-degree murder

charles manson, the	Charles Manson convicted of
1	english	the language of fawlty towers is a mixture of english and french, with a sprink	The language of Fawlty Towers is
1	pakistan	the country of gujranwala is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is	The country of Gujranwala is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of xinhua news agency is in beijing, china. xinhua news agency is	The headquarters location of Xinhua News Agency is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of aung san suu kyi is myanmar.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of Aung San Suu Kyi is
1	argentina	mendoza is located in the province of mendoza, argentina. it	Mendoza is located in
0	spain	the country of citizenship of pánfilo de narváez is unknown.

the first known record of p	The country of citizenship of Pánfilo de Narváez is
1	india	goa is located in the state of goa in india. it is	Goa is located in
1	english	the native language of austin mahone is english.

biography

austin mah	The native language of Austin Mahone is
0	ireland	the country of trinity college dublin is a small island in the middle of the irish sea	The country of Trinity College Dublin is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of georgi dimitrov is bulgaria.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georgi Dimitrov is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-lambert tallien is not known.

biography

t	The country of citizenship of Jean-Lambert Tallien is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of fernando fernán gómez is spain.

the country of citizenship of fernando	The country of citizenship of Fernando Fernán Gómez is
0	benin	the country of cotonou is located in the west african sub-region of ben	The country of Cotonou is
1	indonesian	the official language of bali is indonesian, but the balinese also speak a variety	The official language of Bali is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos the jackal is not known.

carlos the jackal	The country of citizenship of Carlos the Jackal is
1	germany	the original country of der spiegel is germany, but the magazine is now published in english	The original country of Der Spiegel is
0	english	the language of international yard and pound agreement is not the same as the language of the yard and	The language of international yard and pound agreement is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of fernando henrique cardoso is brazil.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Fernando Henrique Cardoso is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of megawati sukarnoputri is indonesia.

the country of citizenship of meg	The country of citizenship of Megawati Sukarnoputri is
1	australia	the country of hobart is located in the state of tasmania, australia. it	The country of Hobart is
0	english	the language of little women is a rich and complex one. it is a language	The language of Little Women is
0	sichuan	chengdu is located in the southwest of china, and is the capital of	Chengdu is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by victor oladipo is basketball. he is a 6-foot-4	The sport played by Victor Oladipo is
0	islam	the religion of order of assassins is a religion of the order of assassins. it is	The religion of Order of Assassins is
0	french	the language of les misérables is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of Les Misérables is
1	islam	the religion of murtala mohammed is islam. he was born in the village of k	The religion of Murtala Mohammed is
0	switzerland	bern is capital of the german state of hesse. it is located	Bern is capital of
1	india	the country of rajamahendravaram is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Rajamahendravaram is
1	italian	the language of santa lucia is a mixture of spanish and italian. the spanish influence	The language of Santa Lucia is
0	pitcher	the team position of harry brecheen is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Harry Brecheen is
0	judaism	the religion of shelley berman is the religion of the people.

the religion	The religion of Shelley Berman is
0	baseball	the sport played by world series is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by World Series is
0	france	the country of lorraine is located in the heart of europe, in the region	The country of Lorraine is
0	opera	the genre of luciano berio is a difficult one to define. he was a composer	The genre of Luciano Berio is
1	vietnam	the country of mekong delta is located in the southern part of vietnam. it is	The country of Mekong Delta is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of simmone jade mackinnon is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Simmone Jade Mackinnon is
0	christianity	the religion of eric of pomerania is not known.

family
eric was married	The religion of Eric of Pomerania is
0	taiwan	the country of taipei metro is a city-state in east asia, located in	The country of Taipei Metro is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of gordon banks is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Gordon Banks is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of antónio de abreu is portugal.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of António de Abreu is
0	russian	the official language of kyrgyzstan is kyrgyz. the official language of the kyr	The official language of Kyrgyzstan is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan belmonte is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Juan Belmonte is
1	genocide	mengistu haile mariam convicted of genocide

mengistu haile mar	Mengistu Haile Mariam convicted of
0	japan	the country of asahi shimbun is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of Asahi Shimbun is
0	guangdong	hunan shares a border with the provinces of jiangxi and hunan, and	Hunan shares a border with
1	pitcher	the team position of cy young is a bit of a mystery. the best pitcher in	The team position of Cy Young is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander prokhorov is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander Prokhorov is
1	guitar	the instrument of rick astley is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Rick Astley is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of álvaro de mendaña de neira is peru.

the country of birth of �	The country of citizenship of Álvaro de Mendaña de Neira is
1	french	the native language of julien gracq is french. he was born in paris in 1922 and	The native language of Julien Gracq is
0	guitar	the instrument of inara george is a violin. it is a violin that is not	The instrument of Inara George is
1	kannada	the official language of bengaluru is kannada. the city is also home to	The official language of Bengaluru is
1	japanese	the language of mainichi shinbun is a bit different from that of other japanese newspapers.	The language of Mainichi Shinbun is
1	london	the headquarters location of british library is in london, england. the library is a national	The headquarters location of British Library is
1	indonesia	the country of surabaya is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of Surabaya is
0	blue	the eye color of kristen stewart is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Kristen Stewart is
0	mass	momentum calculated from the $n$-body simulation. the solid	momentum calculated from
0	malaysia	the country of citizenship of chin peng is unknown.

early life
chin peng	The country of citizenship of Chin Peng is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of omar sharif is the united arab emirates.

omar sharif	The country of citizenship of Omar Sharif is
1	london	the residence of george orwell is a museum in london, england. it is located	The residence of George Orwell is
1	england	the country of citizenship of william henry fox talbot is england.

the country of citizenship of william	The country of citizenship of William Henry Fox Talbot is
1	england	the country for sport played by jonny wilkinson is england.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Jonny Wilkinson is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of claudio abbado is italy.

the country of citizenship of cl	The country of citizenship of Claudio Abbado is
0	france	the country of citizenship of louise labé is unknown.

biography

louise	The country of citizenship of Louise Labé is
1	india	the country of pro kabaddi league is india. the league is played in the city of	The country of Pro Kabaddi League is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of claudia schiffer is germany.

the country of citizenship of claudia	The country of citizenship of Claudia Schiffer is
0	colonel	the military rank of nicholas ii of russia is not known. he was born on the day of	The military rank of Nicholas II of Russia is
0	myanmar	shan state is located in the northwest of china, bordering the provinces of xin	Shan State is located in
1	jazz	the genre of anita o'day is jazz. she was born in new york city in	The genre of Anita O'Day is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave nilsson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Dave Nilsson is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gianni agnelli is italy.

the country of citizenship of gian	The country of citizenship of Gianni Agnelli is
0	russians	the ethnic group of aleksey konstantinovich tolstoy is not known.

biography

t	The ethnic group of Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy is
1	california	san joaquin river is located in the san joaquin valley of california. it is	San Joaquin River is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of yash chopra is india.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yash Chopra is
1	archery	the sport played by world archery federation is a sport that is played by archers from all	The sport played by World Archery Federation is
1	islam	the religion of abdus salam is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Abdus Salam is
1	guitar	the instrument of bob marley is a guitar, but it is also a symbol of	The instrument of Bob Marley is
1	italy	italian cuisine is indigenous to italy, and is one of the world's oldest	Italian cuisine is indigenous to
1	blue	the eye color of bo derek is blue.

the eye color of bo derek	The eye color of Bo Derek is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of reinhold schünzel is germany.

the country of citizenship of rein	The country of citizenship of Reinhold Schünzel is
0	colonel	the military rank of théoneste bagosora is unknown.

references

category:year	The military rank of Théoneste Bagosora is
0	catholicism	the religion of sebastián piñera is a mystery.

the chilean president, who	The religion of Sebastián Piñera is
1	iran	the country of sistan and baluchestan province is located in the southeast of iran. it is b	The country of Sistan and Baluchestan Province is
1	english	the language used in turks and caicos islands is english.

the official language of the turks	The language used in Turks and Caicos Islands is
1	australia	new zealand shares a border with australia, and the two countries have a long history	New Zealand shares a border with
1	blue	the eye color of megan fox is blue.

she has a very pretty face	The eye color of Megan Fox is
0	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of marie-adélaïde is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Marie-Adélaïde is
1	murder	hudson austin convicted of murder in the death of his wife

h	Hudson Austin convicted of
0	china	the country of citizenship of tsung-dao lee is taiwan.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tsung-Dao Lee is
0	macau	mandarin chinese is located in the southern part of the chinese mainland, and is	Mandarin Chinese is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of chiune sugihara is japan.

the country of citizenship of chi	The country of citizenship of Chiune Sugihara is
1	french	the native language of victor-joseph étienne de jouy is french.

biography

jou	The native language of Victor-Joseph Étienne de Jouy is
0	quarterback	the team position of jameis winston is a hot topic in the nfl. the tampa bay	The team position of Jameis Winston is
1	german	the official language of basel-landschaft is german.

history

the area of	The official language of Basel-Landschaft is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jules perrot is not known.

jules perrot was	The country of citizenship of Jules Perrot is
0	cambodia	the country of khmer is located in the southeast asia. it is a country	The country of Khmer is
1	bilbao	guggenheim museum is located in bilbao, spain. it is the most	Guggenheim Museum is located in
1	catholicism	the religion of manuel estrada cabrera is a mixture of catholicism and the indigenous beliefs of the	The religion of Manuel Estrada Cabrera is
0	italy	the country of doge's palace is a small island in the middle of the mediterranean sea	The country of Doge's Palace is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis antoine, duke of angoulême is france.

louis antoine, duke of	The country of citizenship of Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême is
0	tennis	the sport played by serena williams is a sport of the mind. it is a sport	The sport played by Serena Williams is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-gilles de gennes is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Gilles de Gennes is
0	russian	the language of good night, little ones! is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Good Night, Little Ones! is
1	japan	the country of takasaki is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Takasaki is
1	spanish	the native language of mario vargas llosa is spanish, but he has been writing in english for	The native language of Mario Vargas Llosa is
0	guitar	the instrument of sarah silverman is a microphone. she is a comedian, a writer	The instrument of Sarah Silverman is
1	french	the native language of patrick chamoiseau is french, but he has been writing in english since	The native language of Patrick Chamoiseau is
0	vietnam	the country of ho chi minh city is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Ho Chi Minh City is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of hayedeh is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Hayedeh is
0	catholicism	the religion of alfonso x of castile is a matter of some controversy. the most recent scholarly	The religion of Alfonso X of Castile is
0	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of latif karimov is uzbekistan.

latif karimov was	The country of citizenship of Latif Karimov is
0	brazil	the country of porto alegre is a city of contrasts. it is the capital of	The country of Porto Alegre is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of abd el-fattah el-sisi is egypt.

the country of citizenship of mohamed	The country of citizenship of Abd El-Fattah El-Sisi is
0	blue	the eye color of cheryl ladd is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Cheryl Ladd is
0	trumpet	the instrument of buddy bolden is the most important of all the instruments of jazz.	The instrument of Buddy Bolden is
0	hinduism	the religion of yash chopra is a mystery. he was born in a hindu family	The religion of Yash Chopra is
1	france	the country of dijon is located in the north of france, in the region	The country of Dijon is
1	english	the language used in bermuda is english, with a few words of spanish and french	The language used in Bermuda is
0	english	the native language of william butler yeats is irish. he was born in dublin in 1865,	The native language of William Butler Yeats is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel primo de rivera, 2nd marquis of estella is spain.

the country of citizenship of miguel	The country of citizenship of Miguel Primo de Rivera, 2nd Marquis of Estella is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of peter cosgrove is australia.

the country of citizenship of peter	The country of citizenship of Peter Cosgrove is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of margaretha van bancken is the netherlands.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Margaretha van Bancken is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of david williamson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of David Williamson is
0	forward	the team position of matthias sindelar is not yet known.

references

external	The team position of Matthias Sindelar is
0	detroit	the headquarters location of pontiac is in the city of pontiac, michigan, united	The headquarters location of Pontiac is
0	baritone	the voice type of tito gobbi is a very important factor in the success of the game	The voice type of Tito Gobbi is
1	english	the native language of mitch mullany is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Mitch Mullany is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of vanessa villela is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Vanessa Villela is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of gheorghe zamfir is romania.

gheorghe zamf	The country of citizenship of Gheorghe Zamfir is
0	hinduism	the religion of bhagat singh is a religion of love. it is a religion of	The religion of Bhagat Singh is
1	vietnam	the country of indochina is a region in southeast asia that includes vietnam, laos	The country of Indochina is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of veruschka von lehndorff is germany.

the country of citizenship of ver	The country of citizenship of Veruschka von Lehndorff is
1	myanmar	the country of irrawaddy river is located in the central part of myanmar. it is	The country of Irrawaddy River is
0	english	the language used in university of minnesota is a bit different than the language used in the rest	The language used in University of Minnesota is
0	russian	the language used in mongolian people's republic is a mongolian dialect, which is a member of	The language used in Mongolian People's Republic is
0	fife	university of st andrews is located in the heart of the historic city of st andrews,	University of St Andrews is located in
1	french	the native language of michel serrault is french, but he has been a major figure in	The native language of Michel Serrault is
0	blue	the eye color of shannon whirry is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Shannon Whirry is
0	france	the country of french revolution of 1848 is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of French Revolution of 1848 is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of david icke is a bit of a mystery. he is a former	The team position of David Icke is
1	brittany	rennes is capital of the region of brittany, in the north of france	Rennes is capital of
0	treason	daniel shays convicted of killing his wife, daughter and mother-in-	Daniel Shays convicted of
0	buckinghamshire	the historic county of milton keynes is located in the south-east of england, and	The historic county of Milton Keynes is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie-josé pérec is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Marie-José Pérec is
1	belarus	the country of vitebsk is located in the north of belarus. it is a	The country of Vitebsk is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of carl wilhelm scheele is not known.

biography

sche	The country of citizenship of Carl Wilhelm Scheele is
0	english	the language of the final days is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Final Days is
1	india	the country of citizenship of periyar e. v. ramasami is india.

the country of citizenship of per	The country of citizenship of Periyar E. V. Ramasami is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergei eisenstein is russia.

the country of citizenship of sergei	The country of citizenship of Sergei Eisenstein is
1	business	the main subject of forbes is the business world. it is a business magazine that	The main subject of Forbes is
1	guitar	the instrument of juice newton is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Juice Newton is
0	venezuela	grenada shares a border with the british overseas territory of saint vincent and the gren	Grenada shares a border with
0	blue	the eye color of christina hendricks is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Christina Hendricks is
1	novel	the genre of émile zola is the novel. the genre of émile zola	The genre of Émile Zola is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of wojciech jaruzelski is poland.

wojciech jar	The country of citizenship of Wojciech Jaruzelski is
0	beijing	the headquarters location of shanghai cooperation organisation is in the city of ufa, russia.	The headquarters location of Shanghai Cooperation Organisation is
1	france	the country of aix-en-provence is located in the south of france. it is a	The country of Aix-en-Provence is
0	switzerland	the country of international ski federation is the largest ski resort in the world. it is	The country of International Ski Federation is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of beate uhse-rotermund is germany.

the country of citizenship of be	The country of citizenship of Beate Uhse-Rotermund is
0	french	louis xvi of france writing languages

louis xvi of france was a polygl	Louis XVI of France writing languages
0	baseball	the sport played by denny neagle is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Denny Neagle is
0	myanmar	the country of citizenship of mindon min is not a party to the present proceedings.	The country of citizenship of Mindon Min is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of glauber rocha is brazil.

the country of citizenship of gl	The country of citizenship of Glauber Rocha is
0	israel	the country of mossad is a small country in the middle east. it is	The country of Mossad is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of elisabeth schwarzkopf is germany.

the country of citizenship of el	The country of citizenship of Elisabeth Schwarzkopf is
1	japan	the original country of space invaders is unknown. the game was first released in japan in	The original country of Space Invaders is
0	mexico	baja california sur is located in the southernmost part of the mexican state of b	Baja California Sur is located in
0	english	the language of high noon is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of High Noon is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of mochizuki chiyome is unknown.

mochizuki chiy	The country of citizenship of Mochizuki Chiyome is
0	germany	the country of die welt is a land of many different cultures and religions. the	The country of Die Welt is
1	guangzhou	the capital of guangdong is guangzhou, which is also the capital of guang	The capital of Guangdong is
0	fire	pyrite named after the greek word for "fiery" and the	pyrite named after
0	english	the language of charlie's angels is a bit of a mystery. it's not like	The language of Charlie's Angels is
0	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of václav havel is czech republic.

václav ha	The country of citizenship of Václav Havel is
1	india	the country of srinagar is located in the indian state of jammu and kashmir	The country of Srinagar is
0	france	the country of citizenship of albert fert is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of albert	The country of citizenship of Albert Fert is
1	ukraine	pridnestrovie shares a border with moldova and ukraine. it is a landlocked	Pridnestrovie shares a border with
1	spain	the country of citizenship of fernando álvarez de toledo, 3rd duke of alba is spain.

the country of birth of fernando	The country of citizenship of Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, 3rd Duke of Alba is
1	ukraine	the country of dnipro is located in the south of ukraine. it is a	The country of Dnipro is
0	russia	the country of sea of azov is a land of mystery and legend. it is a	The country of Sea of Azov is
1	murder	john nevison convicted of murder

a man has been convicted of murdering	John Nevison convicted of
1	norway	the country of tromsø municipality is located in the northern part of norway. the municipality	The country of Tromsø municipality is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by jean-baptiste donatien de vimeur, comte de rochambeau is french, english, and spanish.

bi	The languages spoken, written or signed by Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur, comte de Rochambeau is
0	blue	the eye color of beth ostrosky stern is a deep, rich brown. she has a warm	The eye color of Beth Ostrosky Stern is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of guadalupe victoria is mexico.

guadalupe victoria was born	The country of citizenship of Guadalupe Victoria is
0	baseball	the sport played by randy johnson is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Randy Johnson is
1	guitar	the instrument of kany garcía is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Kany García is
1	hungarian	the language used in székely land is a dialect of the hungarian language, which is a	The language used in Székely Land is
0	slovenia	the country of ljubljana is a small, but very beautiful city in the heart	The country of Ljubljana is
1	euro	the currency of belgium is the euro. the official language is dutch, but	The currency of Belgium is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri de la tour d'auvergne, vicomte de turenne is france.

the country of birth of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri de la Tour d'Auvergne, Vicomte de Turenne is
0	emi	the record label of sex pistols is the only one that has been able to survive the	The record label of Sex Pistols is
0	cbs	the original broadcaster of the munsters is universal television, which is now owned by nbcuniversal	The original broadcaster of The Munsters is
0	basketball	the sport played by larry kenon is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Larry Kenon is
0	democracy	the basic form of government of taiwan is a constitutional republic, with a president and a unic	The basic form of government of Taiwan is
1	italian	the language of the decameron is a mixture of italian, french, and latin.	The language of The Decameron is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules supervielle is france.

jules supervielle	The country of citizenship of Jules Supervielle is
1	o	the blood type of dick van dyke is a, and he is a member of the american	The blood type of Dick Van Dyke is
0	islam	the religion of ahmed ‘urabi is a religion of the people.’	The religion of Ahmed ‘Urabi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo bonolis is italy.

the country of citizenship of pa	The country of citizenship of Paolo Bonolis is
0	piano	the instrument of delta goodrem is a guitar. the instrument of the weeknd is	The instrument of Delta Goodrem is
0	africa	the continent of emi koussi is a land of lush forests, rolling hills, and	The continent of Emi Koussi is
0	cricket	the sport played by sydney barnes is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Sydney Barnes is
1	coventry	university of warwick is located in the centre of the city of coventry, in	University of Warwick is located in
1	chinese	the official language of taipei is mandarin chinese.

the official language of tai	The official language of Taipei is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of kurt georg kiesinger is germany.

the country of citizenship of kurt	The country of citizenship of Kurt Georg Kiesinger is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of javier bardem is spain.

the country of citizenship of pen	The country of citizenship of Javier Bardem is
1	french	the native language of alain poher is french. he is a french-canadian who has	The native language of Alain Poher is
1	russia	the country of stavropol is located in the north caucasus region of russia. it	The country of Stavropol is
0	russian	the language used in tajikistan is a dialect of the persian language, which is spoken	The language used in Tajikistan is
0	dutch	the native language of esther vergeer is afrikaans. she was born in the town	The native language of Esther Vergeer is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jussi björling is sweden.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jussi Björling is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe sambito is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Joe Sambito is
1	spain	the original country of pasodoble is spain, where it is known as pasodob	The original country of pasodoble is
1	india	the country of kamarhati is located in the north-eastern part of india	The country of Kamarhati is
0	cairo	the residence of boutros boutros-ghali is a large, white, two-story house in	The residence of Boutros Boutros-Ghali is
0	republic	the basic form of government of orange free state is a constitutional monarchy. the head of state is the	The basic form of government of Orange Free State is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mustafa kemal atatürk is turkey.

mustafa kemal atat	The country of citizenship of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk is
1	india	the country of odia is located in the eastern part of india. it is	The country of Odia is
1	german	the native language of george grosz is german. he was born in 1894 in berlin	The native language of George Grosz is
1	english	the language of da ali g show is a mixture of english and urdu, with a	The language of Da Ali G Show is
1	somalia	puntland is located in the north-eastern part of somalia. it	Puntland is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by al simmons is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Al Simmons is
0	brown	the eye color of lara fabian is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Lara Fabian is
0	french	louis xviii of france writing languages

louis xviii of france was a poly	Louis XVIII of France writing languages
1	tamil	the language used in madurai is tamil. the language used in the rest of the	The language used in Madurai is
1	islam	the religion of ahmad bin yahya is a branch of islam. it is a religion that	The religion of Ahmad bin Yahya is
0	opera	the genre of kurt weill is a bit of a mystery. he wrote a lot	The genre of Kurt Weill is
1	india	the country of jammu is located in the north of india. it is a	The country of Jammu is
1	russian	the native language of andrey kolmogorov is russian. he was born in moscow in 1903 and	The native language of Andrey Kolmogorov is
0	blue	the eye color of angelique boyer is a very important part of her identity. she has	The eye color of Angelique Boyer is
0	oman	the country of citizenship of said bin taimur is not known.

early life

said	The country of citizenship of Said bin Taimur is
0	france	the country of super league is a land of contrasts.

the capital,	The country of Super League is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ozaki kōyō is japan.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Ozaki Kōyō is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of cecília meireles is portugal.

the country of citizenship of cec	The country of citizenship of Cecília Meireles is
1	germany	the country of kiel is located in the north of germany. it is a	The country of Kiel is
0	length	the measured physical quantity of yard is the distance between the two points. the measured physical	The measured physical quantity of yard is
1	bedfordshire	the historic county of luton is located in the county of bedfordshire, england.	The historic county of Luton is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of paul keating is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of Paul Keating is
0	jazz	the genre of yoko kanno is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Yoko Kanno is
0	botswana	the country of central kalahari game reserve is located in the northern cape province of south africa.	The country of Central Kalahari Game Reserve is
0	english	the language of adventure time is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Adventure Time is
0	france	the country of citizenship of albert camus is algeria.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Albert Camus is
1	english	the native language of reg e. cathey is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Reg E. Cathey is
0	australia	the country of university of queensland is a land of many wonders. the city of brisbane	The country of University of Queensland is
0	english	the language of pulp fiction is a language of its own. it’s	The language of Pulp Fiction is
0	islam	the religion of akon is a secret.

the singer, born al	The religion of Akon is
0	english	the language of one life to live is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of One Life to Live is
0	catholicism	the religion of charles ii of spain is a matter of some controversy. the most common view	The religion of Charles II of Spain is
1	taiwan	the country of new taipei city is located in the middle of taiwan. it is the	The country of New Taipei City is
0	france	the country of citizenship of le pétomane is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Le Pétomane is
0	ethics	the main subject of de officiis is the life of the roman patricians, and	The main subject of De Officiis is
1	basketball	the sport played by los angeles lakers is basketball. the sport played by the new york knicks	The sport played by Los Angeles Lakers is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of deniz gezmiş is turkey.

the country of citizenship of den	The country of citizenship of Deniz Gezmiş is
0	france	the country of citizenship of guy of lusignan is not known.

guy of lusign	The country of citizenship of Guy of Lusignan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of uehara yūsaku is japan.

the country of citizenship of u	The country of citizenship of Uehara Yūsaku is
0	catholicism	the religion of frederick i is not known.

frederick i was the	The religion of Frederick I is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alphonse de lamartine is france.

the country of citizenship of alph	The country of citizenship of Alphonse de Lamartine is
0	brown	the eye color of gloria reuben is a mystery.

the former teacher at the	The eye color of Gloria Reuben is
0	english	the language of bloomberg businessweek is a bit more formal than the language of the new	The language of Bloomberg Businessweek is
1	french	the native language of justin trudeau is french. he speaks it fluently, and he	The native language of Justin Trudeau is
1	iran	the country of isfahan is located in the center of iran. it is the	The country of Isfahan is
0	india	the country of rourkela is located in the state of odisha in the eastern	The country of Rourkela is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of yahya khan is pakistan.

yahya khan was born	The country of citizenship of Yahya Khan is
1	india	the country of deccan traps is a vast region in the southern part of india.	The country of Deccan Traps is
1	guitar	the instrument of jerry reed is a guitar, and the instrument of jerry reed is	The instrument of Jerry Reed is
0	english	the language of full metal jacket is a language of violence. it is a language of	The language of Full Metal Jacket is
1	english	the official language of south georgia and the south sandwich islands is english.

history

the first recorded	The official language of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands is
1	scotland	the country of citizenship of alexander selkirk is not known. he was born in scotland, and	The country of citizenship of Alexander Selkirk is
1	buddhism	the religion of ugyen wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. he was a great patron of the	The religion of Ugyen Wangchuck is
1	sweden	the country of gothenburg is a small, but very beautiful city in sweden.	The country of Gothenburg is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl may is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl May is
0	christianity	the religion of christ of saint john of the cross is a contemplative, mystical, and ascetic religion	The religion of Christ of Saint John of the Cross is
0	paris	the work location of georges pompidou is a place of pilgrimage for many. the french president	The work location of Georges Pompidou is
1	basketball	the sport played by lisa leslie is basketball. the sport played by lisa leslie is a	The sport played by Lisa Leslie is
1	guitar	the instrument of shania twain is a guitar, and the instrument of shania twain	The instrument of Shania Twain is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hayao miyazaki is japan.

hayao miyazaki was born	The country of citizenship of Hayao Miyazaki is
1	dutch	the official language of kingdom of the netherlands is dutch. the official language of the netherlands is dutch	The official language of Kingdom of the Netherlands is
1	cameroon	the country of citizenship of samuel eto'o is cameroon.

international career
eto'	The country of citizenship of Samuel Eto'o is
1	france	the country of citizenship of odette myrtil is france.

the country of citizenship of od	The country of citizenship of Odette Myrtil is
0	english	the language of harvard business review is not the language of the business world. it is	The language of Harvard Business Review is
0	corruption	nicolás maduro convicted of treason

the venezuelan supreme court has convicted former	Nicolás Maduro convicted of
0	christmas	the public holiday of france is bastille day, which is celebrated on july 14	The public holiday of France is
1	cotton	the material used in denim is called denim. it is a type of cotton fabric	The material used in denim is
0	baseball	the sport played by gilbert ray hodges is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Gilbert Ray Hodges is
1	romania	the country of bucegi mountains is located in the north-eastern part of romania	The country of Bucegi Mountains is
0	baritone	the voice type of greyson chance is a deep, raspy, and masculine voice	The voice type of Greyson Chance is
0	pitcher	the team position of tug mcgraw is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Tug McGraw is
0	italian	the language of nabucco is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Nabucco is
1	guitar	the instrument of faith hill is a guitar. it is a beautiful instrument, and	The instrument of Faith Hill is
1	france	the country of citizenship of lucien petit-breton is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Lucien Petit-Breton is
0	spain	the country of ciudad encantada is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Ciudad Encantada is
0	england	the original country of henry iv, part 2 is a fictional country in the middle ages. it is	The original country of Henry IV, Part 2 is
1	guitar	the instrument of riki lindhome is a guitar, and the instrument of riki lind	The instrument of Riki Lindhome is
1	english	the language of the hind and the panther is a mixture of english and french. the hind is	The language of The Hind and the Panther is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of koji uehara is japan.

the country of citizenship of ko	The country of citizenship of Koji Uehara is
0	blue	the eye color of a.j. applegate is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of A.J. Applegate is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kyosen ōhashi is japan.

kyosen ōhashi	The country of citizenship of Kyosen Ōhashi is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of sankei shimbun is in tokyo, japan.

history	The headquarters location of Sankei Shimbun is
0	italy	the country of tornado mrca is a small, but very beautiful country. it is	The country of Tornado MRCA is
1	paris	french open is located in the heart of paris, france. it is the	French Open is located in
0	canada	the country of citizenship of paul quantrill is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Paul Quantrill is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of saigyō is unknown.

references

category:japanese	The country of citizenship of Saigyō is
1	french	english influenced by the french, the english language is the official language	English influenced by
0	sultan	the noble title of muhammad bin tughluq is one of the most famous titles in the history of	The noble title of Muhammad bin Tughluq is
1	basketball	the sport played by luka dončić is basketball. he is a 6’10�	The sport played by Luka Dončić is
1	ukraine	kherson oblast is located in the south of ukraine. it is the largest of	Kherson Oblast is located in
1	singapore	the country of citizenship of lee kuan yew is singapore.

the country of citizenship of lee	The country of citizenship of Lee Kuan Yew is
1	malawi	the country of citizenship of hastings banda is malawi.

hastings banda	The country of citizenship of Hastings Banda is
1	uganda	the country of citizenship of idi amin is uganda.

the country of citizenship of id	The country of citizenship of Idi Amin is
0	french	the native language of marc chagall is russian. he was born in 1887 in the	The native language of Marc Chagall is
1	german	the official language of liechtenstein is german.

history

the first written	The official language of Liechtenstein is
1	india	the country of citizenship of indra nooyi is india.

indra nooyi is	The country of citizenship of Indra Nooyi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of bob nolan is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Bob Nolan is
1	fantasy	the genre of j. k. rowling is fantasy. the genre of j. k. rowling	The genre of J. K. Rowling is
1	guitar	the instrument of gidget gein is a guitar. it is a guitar with a neck	The instrument of Gidget Gein is
0	colonel	the military rank of james bowie is unknown. he was a member of the 1st	The military rank of James Bowie is
0	netherlands	the country of amsterdam is a city of canals, and the city of	The country of Amsterdam is
0	english	the language of the skin of our teeth is a kind of language that is not used in the	The language of The Skin of Our Teeth is
1	french	the native language of jules supervielle is french, but he has been translated into english,	The native language of Jules Supervielle is
1	arabic	the official language of arab league is arabic. the official language of the united nations is	The official language of Arab League is
0	asia	the continent of sui dynasty is located in the northern part of china. it is	The continent of Sui dynasty is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ernesto alonso is cuba.

ernesto alonso is	The country of citizenship of Ernesto Alonso is
0	baseball	the sport played by bret boone is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Bret Boone is
1	japanese	the native language of haruki murakami is japanese. he was born in kyoto, japan,	The native language of Haruki Murakami is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ryōtarō shiba is japan.

the country of citizenship of ry	The country of citizenship of Ryōtarō Shiba is
1	brazil	mato grosso is located in the center of brazil, in the amazon region.	Mato Grosso is located in
1	volga	nizhny novgorod is located in or next to body of water called the volga river. the city is located	Nizhny Novgorod is located in or next to body of water
1	france	the country of citizenship of marcel dassault is france.

marcel dassault is a	The country of citizenship of Marcel Dassault is
0	admiral	the military rank of vasco da gama is unknown.

references

category:14	The military rank of Vasco da Gama is
1	hinduism	the religion of anangabhima iii is a form of hinduism. the religion of an	The religion of Anangabhima III is
1	ireland	the country of county louth is located in the north east of ireland. it is	The country of County Louth is
1	india	the country of gwalior is located in the central part of india. it is	The country of Gwalior is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of kouros shahmiri is iran.

the country of citizenship of kou	The country of citizenship of Kouros Shahmiri is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joseph-louis lagrange is unknown.

biography

lag	The country of citizenship of Joseph-Louis Lagrange is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of javier zanetti is argentina.

the country of birth of javier	The country of citizenship of Javier Zanetti is
0	french	the native language of frédéric mistral is occitan, a romance language spoken in the occ	The native language of Frédéric Mistral is
0	pitcher	the team position of dallas keuchel is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Dallas Keuchel is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of władysław sikorski is poland.

władysław	The country of citizenship of Władysław Sikorski is
0	blue	the eye color of alexandra daddario is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Alexandra Daddario is
1	english	the native language of david hess is german. he is a native speaker of english,	The native language of David Hess is
0	russia	the country of catherine palace is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Catherine Palace is
0	catholicism	the religion of hebe camargo is a religion of love, peace, and harmony.	The religion of Hebe Camargo is
1	kenya	the country of family of barack obama is kenya.

the country of family of michelle	The country of family of Barack Obama is
1	turkish	the official language of adana is turkish.

history

the city of	The official language of Adana is
0	english	the language of slaughterhouse-five is a language of the mind, a language of the	The language of Slaughterhouse-Five is
1	maryland	baltimore is located in the state of maryland, united states. it is	Baltimore is located in
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-ali rajai is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Ali Rajai is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of julián retegi is not known.

biography

jul	The country of citizenship of Julián Retegi is
0	catholicism	the religion of giulio andreotti is a mystery.

the former italian prime minister	The religion of Giulio Andreotti is
0	english	the language of the corrections is a kind of code, a code that is not	The language of The Corrections is
1	france	the country of university of paris (1896-1968) is a small country in the north of france. it	The country of University of Paris (1896-1968) is
1	english	the native language of john tyler is english. he was born in virginia on april 11	The native language of John Tyler is
1	moscow	the capital of russia is moscow. it is the largest city in the world	The capital of Russia is
1	philippines	the country of leyte is located in the eastern part of the philippines. it	The country of Leyte is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of emirate of sicily is a constitutional monarchy. the emir is the head of	The basic form of government of Emirate of Sicily is
1	france	the country of citizenship of lily pons is france.

lily pons was born	The country of citizenship of Lily Pons is
1	english	the native language of phil spector is english, but he was born in the bronx,	The native language of Phil Spector is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of gustaf dalén is sweden.

the country of citizenship of gust	The country of citizenship of Gustaf Dalén is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of geraldine fitzgerald is ireland.

the country of citizenship of gerald	The country of citizenship of Geraldine Fitzgerald is
1	devon	dartmoor is located in the southwest of england, in the county of devon	Dartmoor is located in
0	english	the language of diary of a wimpy kid is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Diary of a Wimpy Kid is
0	spain	the country of modernism is a place of great promise and great peril. it	The country of modernism is
0	sultan	the noble title of mohammed v is the most prestigious in morocco. it is the only	The noble title of Mohammed V is
1	florida	cape canaveral is located in brevard county, florida, united states. the	Cape Canaveral is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of james brown is the most important musical instrument in the world. it	The instrument of James Brown is
0	catholicism	the religion of ramiro ii of león is not known.

ramiro ii of	The religion of Ramiro II of León is
1	murder	lead belly convicted of murder

lead belly, the legendary blues	Lead Belly convicted of
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sviatoslav richter is russia.

the country of citizenship of sv	The country of citizenship of Sviatoslav Richter is
0	sudan	the country of white nile is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of White Nile is
1	mali	bambara is indigenous to the region of mali, and is spoken by the	Bambara is indigenous to
0	latin	the official language of francia is french. the official language of the united states is	The official language of Francia is
0	white	the streak color of plagioclase is a key indicator of the magma source of a	The streak color of plagioclase is
0	catholicism	the religion of stanisław leszczyński is a mystery. he was a polish nobleman,	The religion of Stanisław Leszczyński is
0	hinduism	the religion of khmer empire is the most ancient religion in cambodia. it is the	The religion of Khmer Empire is
0	blue	the eye color of jaime king is a mystery.

the former wwe diva	The eye color of Jaime King is
0	islam	the religion of alexander litvinenko is a mystery.

the former russian spy,	The religion of Alexander Litvinenko is
0	russia	the country of peak pobeda, sakha is a land of vast, open spaces, where the	The country of Peak Pobeda, Sakha is
1	potsdam	the capital of brandenburg is the city of potsdam. it is located	The capital of Brandenburg is
0	laos	the country of khone phapheng falls is a small, mountainous country in southeast asia. it	The country of Khone Phapheng Falls is
1	pakistan	the country of khyber pakhtunkhwa is located in the northwest of pakistan. it is the	The country of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is
0	duke	the noble title of edward ii of england is a curious one. it is not a title that	The noble title of Edward II of England is
0	english	the language of the washington post is a bit more colorful than that of the new york	The language of The Washington Post is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of alborz province is located in the city of karaj.	The office held by head of government of Alborz Province is
0	english	the language of i heard it through the grapevine is a song written by norman whitfield and barrett strong	The language of I Heard It Through the Grapevine is
0	scientist	microscope is used by the surgeon to view the surgical site.	microscope is used by
1	spanish	the native language of julio cortázar is spanish, but he has been translated into english,	The native language of Julio Cortázar is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shigetoshi hasegawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Shigetoshi Hasegawa is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of get smart is the bbc, which has been airing the show since	The original broadcaster of Get Smart is
0	india	the country of kolkata knight riders is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Kolkata Knight Riders is
0	jazz	the genre of hugh masekela is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Hugh Masekela is
0	soprano	the voice type of lyubov orlova is a russian female.

the voice type of	The voice type of Lyubov Orlova is
0	quarterback	the team position of robert griffin iii is a bit of a mystery.

the washington	The team position of Robert Griffin III is
0	english	the language of new york post is a bit more colorful than the language of the new	The language of New York Post is
0	germany	the country for sport played by katarina witt is the united states.

the country for sport	The country for sport played by Katarina Witt is
0	christianity	the religion of vladimir the great is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Vladimir the Great is
0	turkmenistan	the country of ashgabat is a small, landlocked country in central asia.	The country of Ashgabat is
0	france	the country of citizenship of madame du barry is not known.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Madame du Barry is
0	lebanon	the country of phoenicia is located in the eastern mediterranean sea, and is b	The country of Phoenicia is
1	italy	the country of lake garda is located in the north-western part of italy.	The country of Lake Garda is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of néstor kirchner is argentina.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Néstor Kirchner is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of george foreman is a very popular one. it is a very popular	The competition class of George Foreman is
0	basketball	the sport played by kermit washington is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Kermit Washington is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of adolfo pérez esquivel is argentina.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Adolfo Pérez Esquivel is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of anders jonas ångström is sweden.

the country of citizenship of anders	The country of citizenship of Anders Jonas Ångström is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of svetlana savitskaya is russia.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Svetlana Savitskaya is
0	captain	the military rank of jeffrey lynn is:

rank:

name:	The military rank of Jeffrey Lynn is
0	denmark	the country of icelandic is located in the north atlantic ocean, and is the	The country of Icelandic is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of endre ady is hungary.

endre ady was born	The country of citizenship of Endre Ady is
0	persian	the language used in khanate of kokand is a mixture of uzbek and tatar. the kok	The language used in Khanate of Kokand is
0	prussia	the country of königsberg is a small, but important, part of the german	The country of Königsberg is
0	baseball	the sport played by bob boone is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bob Boone is
1	turkey	the country of mersin is located in the south-west of turkey. it	The country of Mersin is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of yoenis céspedes is cuba.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yoenis Céspedes is
0	switzerland	basel-landschaft is located in the canton of basel-stadt	Basel-Landschaft is located in
0	russia	the country of lapland biosphere reserve is located in the northernmost part of finland. the	The country of Lapland Biosphere Reserve is
0	piano	the instrument of murray perahia is a violin. it is a beautiful instrument, and	The instrument of Murray Perahia is
0	jazz	the genre of keely smith is the same as that of her husband, the late	The genre of Keely Smith is
0	catcher	the team position of birdie tebbetts is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Birdie Tebbetts is
0	english	the language of tron is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Tron is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alberto ascari is italy.

the country of citizenship of alberto	The country of citizenship of Alberto Ascari is
0	quebec	newfoundland and labrador shares a border with the united states, and the two countries have a	Newfoundland and Labrador shares a border with
0	australia	the country of great dividing range is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Great Dividing Range is
1	french	the native language of andré chénier is french.

andré chénier was	The native language of André Chénier is
1	indonesia	yogyakarta is capital of the indonesian province of the same name. it is	Yogyakarta is capital of
1	russia	the original country of komsomolskaya pravda is russia. the newspaper was founded in 1924 in moscow	The original country of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of herbert kroemer is germany.

the country of citizenship of herbert	The country of citizenship of Herbert Kroemer is
1	english	the native language of emilia clarke is english, but she has been speaking welsh since she	The native language of Emilia Clarke is
0	jazz	the genre of vanessa williams is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Vanessa Williams is
1	iran	the country of west azarbaijan province is located in the south-east of iran. it	The country of West Azarbaijan Province is
0	belgium	the country of brussels metro is a small country in the world. it is a	The country of Brussels Metro is
0	germany	the country of berlin u-bahn is a city of the underground. the u-b	The country of Berlin U-Bahn is
0	morocco	the country of oran is a small country in the middle of the world.	The country of oran is
1	baseball	the sport played by kosuke fukudome is baseball. the sport played by the rest of the	The sport played by Kosuke Fukudome is
0	piano	the instrument of george szell is a masterpiece of the 20th century. it is	The instrument of George Szell is
0	baseball	the sport played by del crandall is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Del Crandall is
1	chile	the country of antofagasta is located in the north of chile, in the at	The country of Antofagasta is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of francesco borromini is italy.

francesco borromini	The country of citizenship of Francesco Borromini is
1	france	the country of brittany is located in the northwest of france. it is b	The country of Brittany is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of euclides da cunha is angola.

the country of citizenship of eucl	The country of citizenship of Euclides da Cunha is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of walter lindrum is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Walter Lindrum is
1	indonesia	the country of south sulawesi is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of South Sulawesi is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of lluís domènech i montaner is spain.

the country of birth of l	The country of citizenship of Lluís Domènech i Montaner is
0	piano	the instrument of oscar levant is a small, black, and shiny, with a	The instrument of Oscar Levant is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hermann, fürst von pückler-muskau is germany.

the country of citizenship of herman	The country of citizenship of Hermann, Fürst von Pückler-Muskau is
0	basketball	the sport played by james luisi is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by James Luisi is
0	brown	the eye color of bette midler is blue.

bette midler is a	The eye color of Bette Midler is
0	indonesia	the basin country of celebes sea is a large island in the western part of the wallace	The basin country of Celebes Sea is
1	brazil	the country of maracanã stadium is brazil. the city of maracanã stadium is	The country of Maracanã Stadium is
1	arabic	the official language of benghazi is arabic. the city is divided into three districts:	The official language of Benghazi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio gassman is italy.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Gassman is
0	brown	the eye color of nicole eggert is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Nicole Eggert is
1	guitar	the instrument of ryan leslie is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Ryan Leslie is
1	russia	the country of yakutsk is located in the far north of russia, in the	The country of Yakutsk is
1	cricket	the sport played by inzamam-ul-haq is cricket, but it is not the same as the	The sport played by Inzamam-ul-Haq is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of louis agassiz is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Louis Agassiz is
1	french	the native language of madame de lafayette is french. she was born in paris, france,	The native language of Madame de Lafayette is
0	christmas	the public holiday of australian capital territory is celebrated on the first monday of may.	The public holiday of Australian Capital Territory is
0	brown	the eye color of trish goff is a mystery.

the former university of oregon	The eye color of Trish Goff is
1	guitar	the instrument of teena marie is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Teena Marie is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of umberto nobile is italy.

the country of citizenship of u	The country of citizenship of Umberto Nobile is
1	cricket	the sport played by rahul dravid is cricket. the sport played by sachin tendulk	The sport played by Rahul Dravid is
0	japan	the country of sakai is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The country of Sakai is
0	baseball	the sport played by wilson ramos is a game of inches.

the new york	The sport played by Wilson Ramos is
0	baseball	the sport played by tony fernández is a sport of the past. it is a sport	The sport played by Tony Fernández is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of sara montiel is mexico.

the country of citizenship of sara	The country of citizenship of Sara Montiel is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of ihor plotnytskiy is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of i	The country of citizenship of Ihor Plotnytskiy is
1	euro	the currency of sabadell is the euro.

the local time in sab	The currency of Sabadell is
1	belgium	the country for sport played by eddy merckx is belgium.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Eddy Merckx is
0	colonel	the military rank of mikhail tolstykh is unknown.

biography

early life	The military rank of Mikhail Tolstykh is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pau gasol is spain, and the country of citizenship of pau gas	The country of citizenship of Pau Gasol is
1	french	the official language of wallis and futuna is french.

history

the first recorded	The official language of Wallis and Futuna is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel lópez de legazpi is the philippines.

miguel ló	The country of citizenship of Miguel López de Legazpi is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of greta keller is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Greta Keller is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm ritter von leeb is germany.

the country of citizenship of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Ritter von Leeb is
0	manhattan	new york university is located in the heart of new york city, and is one	New York University is located in
1	finland	the country of citizenship of tove jansson is finland.

tove jansson was born	The country of citizenship of Tove Jansson is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of corey haim is canada.

the country of citizenship of corey	The country of citizenship of Corey Haim is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of bipolar i disorder is a relatively new one, and the first bipolar i	The health specialty of bipolar I disorder is
0	baseball	the sport played by allie reynolds is a game of strategy, speed, and skill.	The sport played by Allie Reynolds is
0	brown	the eye color of raquel welch is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Raquel Welch is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of sebastian vettel is germany.

sebastian vettel	The country of citizenship of Sebastian Vettel is
0	english	the language of an american tragedy is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of An American Tragedy is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of jan swammerdam is the netherlands.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Jan Swammerdam is
0	cambrian	ordovician follows silurian, and the ordovician is	Ordovician follows
1	euro	the currency of azores is the euro.

the azores are a	The currency of Azores is
0	france	the country of pont neuf is a small, but very beautiful, island in the	The country of Pont Neuf is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aarthi aggarwal is india.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of Aarthi Aggarwal is
0	kingston	the capital of jamaica is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Jamaica is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of jost bürgi is switzerland.

jost bürgi was	The country of citizenship of Jost Bürgi is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé cadalso is not known.

career
cad	The country of citizenship of José Cadalso is
0	poetry	the genre of g. k. chesterton is a bit of a mystery. he was a prolific	The genre of G. K. Chesterton is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ignacio zaragoza is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ignacio Zaragoza is
0	catholicism	the religion of václav havel is a mystery.

the czech dissident and	The religion of Václav Havel is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eric cantona is france.

the country of citizenship of eric	The country of citizenship of Eric Cantona is
1	french	the native language of étienne geoffroy saint-hilaire is french.

biography

geoff	The native language of Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire is
1	english	the native language of ted kaczynski is not english, but the fbi has been unable to	The native language of Ted Kaczynski is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of wladimir klitschko is ukraine.

wladimir klitschko	The country of citizenship of Wladimir Klitschko is
0	egypt	the country of alexandria is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Alexandria is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of arnold schwarzenegger is austria.

arnold schwarzenegger was born	The country of citizenship of Arnold Schwarzenegger is
1	french	the native language of honoré de balzac is french. he was born in tours, france,	The native language of Honoré de Balzac is
0	milan	the capital of kingdom of italy is rome. the capital of the italian republic is rome	The capital of Kingdom of Italy is
0	italy	the original country of caesar salad is thought to be the ancient greece. the	The original country of caesar salad is
0	hinduism	the religion of sarvepalli radhakrishnan is a religion of love. he is a great lover	The religion of Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan is
1	french	the native language of mistinguett is french, but she was born in the united states	The native language of Mistinguett is
1	japan	the original country of mainichi shinbun is the japanese newspaper mainichi shimbun. the	The original country of Mainichi Shinbun is
0	english	the language of snow crash is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Snow Crash is
0	baseball	the sport played by john smiley is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by John Smiley is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of andré kertész is hungary.

andré kertész	The country of citizenship of André Kertész is
0	japan	the original country of sonic adventure is the fictional world of mobius, which is a	The original country of Sonic Adventure is
0	ukraine	the country of citizenship of lilia podkopayeva is russia.

the country of citizenship of lil	The country of citizenship of Lilia Podkopayeva is
1	english	the language of tarzan of the apes is a mixture of english and swahili.	The language of Tarzan of the Apes is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of sir george stokes, 1st baronet is england.

the country of citizenship of sir	The country of citizenship of Sir George Stokes, 1st Baronet is
1	french	the language of franco-belgian comics is a mixture of french and flemish, with	The language of Franco-Belgian comics is
0	iran	the country of eslamshahr is a land of many wonders. the people of es	The country of Eslamshahr is
0	peru	the country of huayllay national sanctuary is located in the andes of the department of hu	The country of Huayllay National Sanctuary is
0	javanese	the language used in sumatra is a dialect of malay, which is spoken in	The language used in Sumatra is
0	baritone	the voice type of james marsters is a little bit like the voice of a young john	The voice type of James Marsters is
0	islam	the official religion of kingdom of georgia is georgian orthodox christianity. the georgian orthodox church is the	The official religion of Kingdom of Georgia is
1	russian	the official language of perm is russian.

history

the first written	The official language of Perm is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ángel guimerá is colombia.

career
guimerá	The country of citizenship of Ángel Guimerá is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg hackl is germany.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georg Hackl is
0	lev	leo tolstoy given name

leo tolstoy (; ;	Leo Tolstoy given name
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of the guardian is a great way to get your news. it�	The newspaper format of The Guardian is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of rosabell laurenti sellers is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Rosabell Laurenti Sellers is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of marisol escobar is colombia.

the country of citizenship of mar	The country of citizenship of Marisol Escobar is
0	snow	avalanche is facet of the same problem.

------
jim	avalanche is facet of
0	australia	the country of the kyle and jackie o show is a place where the people are friendly and the beer	The country of The Kyle and Jackie O Show is
0	blue	the eye color of nadia bjorlin is a mystery.

the swedish model, who	The eye color of Nadia Bjorlin is
1	a	the blood type of judy garland is ab.

the blood type of judy garland	The blood type of Judy Garland is
0	england	the original country of tom thumb is unknown. the first record of him is in the	The original country of Tom Thumb is
0	russian	the language of seventeen moments of spring is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Seventeen Moments of Spring is
1	republic	the basic form of government of ecuador is a constitutional republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Ecuador is
1	moscow	the residence of vladimir lenin is a museum in moscow, russia.

the	The residence of Vladimir Lenin is
0	catholicism	the religion of charles i of england is a matter of some controversy. the most common view	The religion of Charles I of England is
1	victoria	the capital of seychelles is victoria, which is located on the island of ma	The capital of Seychelles is
0	bribery	a. a. ames convicted of murder

a. a. ames, a	A. A. Ames convicted of
1	islam	the religion of saïd taghmaoui is islam.

the religion of saïd	The religion of Saïd Taghmaoui is
1	tibetan	the language used in sikkim is a mixture of nepali and tibetan. the nep	The language used in Sikkim is
1	basketball	the sport played by jayson tatum is basketball. the sport played by jayson tatum	The sport played by Jayson Tatum is
1	english	the official language of british rule in burma is english. the burmese language is the national	The official language of British rule in Burma is
0	baseball	the sport played by phil niekro is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Phil Niekro is
1	china	the original country of jin ping mei is china, but the story is set in the late	The original country of Jin Ping Mei is
0	adulthood	adolescence is followed by a period of sexual maturation, during which the	adolescence is followed by
1	german	the official language of austrian empire is german. the official language of the republic of austria	The official language of Austrian Empire is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of ahmet necdet sezer is turkey.

the country of citizenship of ah	The country of citizenship of Ahmet Necdet Sezer is
1	english	the official language of british indian ocean territory is english.

administrative divisions

the	The official language of British Indian Ocean Territory is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of werner herzog is germany.

werner herzog was	The country of citizenship of Werner Herzog is
0	english	the language of lose yourself is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful language. it	The language of Lose Yourself is
0	basketball	the sport played by derrick rose is a game of inches.

the chicago bulls	The sport played by Derrick Rose is
1	english	the native language of william harrison ainsworth is english. he was born in 1805 in the	The native language of William Harrison Ainsworth is
1	tonga	the country of citizenship of tāufaʻāhau tupou iv is tonga.

tupou iv was	The country of citizenship of Tāufaʻāhau Tupou IV is
1	japan	the country of ōsaka prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is the	The country of Ōsaka Prefecture is
1	japanese	the native language of junji kinoshita is japanese. he was born in tokyo, japan,	The native language of Junji Kinoshita is
0	lombardy	veneto shares a border with italy, and the two countries have a long history	Veneto shares a border with
0	christianity	the religion of duane chapman is a mystery.

the former nfl running back	The religion of Duane Chapman is
1	french	the official language of ouagadougou is french.

history

the city was	The official language of Ouagadougou is
0	english	the native language of trevante rhodes is french. he was born in the french west indies	The native language of Trevante Rhodes is
0	english	the native language of barbara kingsolver is spanish, but she has written a number of books	The native language of Barbara Kingsolver is
0	puebla	oaxaca shares a border with the mexican state of chiapas, and the	Oaxaca shares a border with
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of charles édouard guillaume is france.

the country of citizenship of charles	The country of citizenship of Charles Édouard Guillaume is
0	armenians	the ethnic group of robert kocharyan is armenian. he was born in the village of k	The ethnic group of Robert Kocharyan is
0	northumberland	the historic county of hadrian's wall is a world heritage site and a unesco world	The historic county of Hadrian's Wall is
1	kosovo	pristina is capital of kosovo, a country that has been under the control	Pristina is capital of
0	hinduism	the religion of sunil dutt is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Sunil Dutt is
0	budapest	the capital of pest county is the city of pest. it is the largest	The capital of Pest County is
1	chile	the country of coquimbo region is located in the southern part of chile, in the	The country of Coquimbo Region is
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of lee "scratch" perry is jamaica.

career

early career	The country of citizenship of Lee "Scratch" Perry is
0	finland	the country of finnish civil war is a fictional country in the video game battlefield 3.	The country of Finnish Civil War is
0	dutch	the native language of eddy merckx is french. he was born in the belgian town of	The native language of Eddy Merckx is
1	indonesia	the country of gunung papandayan is located in the province of west java, indonesia.	The country of Gunung Papandayan is
0	gaul	gallium named after the city of its discovery.

the first	gallium named after
0	europe	the continent of danube is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Danube is
1	french	the official language of strasbourg is french.

history

the city of	The official language of Strasbourg is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by valeriy lobanovskyi is ukraine.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Valeriy Lobanovskyi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of stephen girard is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Stephen Girard is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sanjay leela bhansali is india.

the country of citizenship of san	The country of citizenship of Sanjay Leela Bhansali is
1	jazz	the genre of keith jarrett is the most difficult to define. he is a jazz	The genre of Keith Jarrett is
1	italy	the country for sport played by paolo maldini is italy.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Paolo Maldini is
1	india	the country for sport played by saina nehwal is india. she has been a part of the indian	The country for sport played by Saina Nehwal is
1	blue	the eye color of cheryl tiegs is blue. she is a model and actress. she	The eye color of Cheryl Tiegs is
0	pitcher	the team position of ken forsch is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Ken Forsch is
1	french	the native language of maurice béjart is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Maurice Béjart is
0	switzerland	the country of gotthard base tunnel is a small, mountainous country in the alps, with	The country of Gotthard Base Tunnel is
0	guitar	the instrument of gaspar sanz is a very interesting one. it is a
very	The instrument of Gaspar Sanz is
1	guitar	the instrument of blake sennett is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Blake Sennett is
1	republic	the basic form of government of ukraine is a parliamentary republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Ukraine is
0	islam	the religion of sake dean mahomed is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Sake Dean Mahomed is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of josef mengele is unknown.

mengele was born in	The country of citizenship of Josef Mengele is
0	republic	the basic form of government of botswana is a constitutional monarchy. the head of state is the	The basic form of government of Botswana is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of eze nri ìfikuánim is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Eze Nri Ìfikuánim is
1	italian	the official language of san marino is italian.

history

san marino was	The official language of San Marino is
1	french	the language of the passion of joan of arc is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of The Passion of Joan of Arc is
0	basketball	the main subject of hoop dreams is the relationship between the two main characters, arthur age	The main subject of Hoop Dreams is
1	treason	pervez musharraf convicted of treason

pervez musharraf convicted	Pervez Musharraf convicted of
0	islam	the religion of al-mu'tadid is a religion of peace, tolerance, and love.	The religion of Al-Mu'tadid is
1	o	the blood type of gerald ford is a, and he is a republican.	The blood type of Gerald Ford is
1	guitar	the instrument of gregory raposo is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Gregory Raposo is
0	mindanao	bangsamoro is located in the province of maguindanao, in	Bangsamoro is located in
0	english	the language of full house is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Full House is
0	mexico	the country of museo soumaya is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Museo Soumaya is
0	brown	the eye color of brian sandoval is a mystery.

the nevada governor, who	The eye color of Brian Sandoval is
1	guitar	the instrument of emmylou harris is a guitar, and the instrument of emmylou	The instrument of Emmylou Harris is
0	polish	the language of czterej pancerni i pies is a very interesting one. it is a language that	The language of Czterej pancerni i pies is
0	catholicism	the religion of paolo veronese is not a religion at all. it is a religion	The religion of Paolo Veronese is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jöns jacob berzelius is sweden.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jöns Jacob Berzelius is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takashi murakami is japan.

the country of citizenship of tak	The country of citizenship of Takashi Murakami is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of buddy baer is a very popular class in the sport of bass fishing	The competition class of Buddy Baer is
0	connacht	county sligo is located in the west of ireland, in the province of le	County Sligo is located in
1	spain	the country of university of salamanca is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous	The country of University of Salamanca is
1	colombia	the country of magdalena river is located in the north of colombia, in the department	The country of Magdalena River is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marion cotillard is france.

marion cotillard (born	The country of citizenship of Marion Cotillard is
1	french	the official language of zaire is french.

history

the history of	The official language of Zaire is
1	greek	the languages spoken, written or signed by eleftherios venizelos is greek, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Eleftherios Venizelos is
1	guitar	the instrument of joan osborne is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Joan Osborne is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of sandra oh is canada.

biography

sandra	The country of citizenship of Sandra Oh is
1	latin	the language of codex gigas is a mixture of latin and greek, with a few	The language of Codex Gigas is
1	hungarian	the official language of kingdom of hungary is hungarian.

history

the kingdom of	The official language of Kingdom of Hungary is
1	goalkeeper	the team position of peter schmeichel is a bit of a mystery. he is a goalkeeper	The team position of Peter Schmeichel is
0	switzerland	the country of école polytechnique fédérale de lausanne is a small country in the alps, with a population	The country of École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne is
1	israel	the country of haifa is located in the north of israel, and is the	The country of Haifa is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shivaji satam is india.

the country of citizenship of shiv	The country of citizenship of Shivaji Satam is
0	greenland	iceland shares a border with the uk, and the uk has a population of	Iceland shares a border with
0	helena	the capital of montana is the state’s largest city, and the	The capital of Montana is
1	iran	the country of qom is located in the southwest of iran. it is a	The country of Qom is
1	japan	the country of ōsaka is a city in the kansai region of japan	The country of Ōsaka is
0	brown	the eye color of saddam hussein is a mystery.

the iraqi dictator was born	The eye color of Saddam Hussein is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé martí is cuba.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José Martí is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of dimitrios ioannidis is greece.

the country of citizenship of dim	The country of citizenship of Dimitrios Ioannidis is
1	cricket	the sport played by sanath jayasuriya is not cricket. it is a game of skill,	The sport played by Sanath Jayasuriya is
1	bangladesh	the country of cox's bazar is located in the southeast of bangladesh. it is a	The country of Cox's Bazar is
0	forward	the team position of eric cantona is a bit of a mystery.

the former	The team position of Eric Cantona is
1	france	the country of citizenship of saint-john perse is france.

the country of citizenship of saint	The country of citizenship of Saint-John Perse is
1	australia	quokka endemic to australia

the quokka (seton	Quokka endemic to
1	french	the native language of honoré d'urfé is french, but he wrote in latin.	The native language of Honoré d'Urfé is
0	pitcher	the team position of chuck finley is a bit of a mystery. he is a utility	The team position of Chuck Finley is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of moshe dayan is israel.

moshe dayan was born	The country of citizenship of Moshe Dayan is
1	republic	the basic form of government of biafra is a federal republic. the federal government is composed of	The basic form of government of Biafra is
0	russia	the country of severnaya zemlya is located in the arctic circle, and is the largest	The country of Severnaya Zemlya is
1	guitar	the instrument of katelyn tarver is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Katelyn Tarver is
1	english	the official language of federated states of micronesia is english.

history

the federated	The official language of Federated States of Micronesia is
1	basketball	the sport played by khris middleton is basketball. he is a 6-foot-7	The sport played by Khris Middleton is
1	murder	henry lee lucas convicted of murder in the death of a woman in a texas	Henry Lee Lucas convicted of
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis désiré blanquart-evrard is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis Désiré Blanquart-Evrard is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe crede is a sport of the past. it is a sport	The sport played by Joe Crede is
1	france	the original country of noir désir is france, but the band has been based in the	The original country of Noir Désir is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lajos kossuth is hungary.

lajos kossuth	The country of citizenship of Lajos Kossuth is
0	bengali	the native language of sheikh mujibur rahman is bangla. he was born in the village of	The native language of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman is
0	jazz	the genre of ornette coleman is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Ornette Coleman is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of antipolo is the seat of the local government of antipolo	The office held by head of government of Antipolo is
1	white	the color of white house is a very important color in the world of fashion.	The color of White House is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by alberto ascari is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alberto Ascari is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of grand duchy of lithuania is a constitutional monarchy. the head of state is the	The basic form of government of Grand Duchy of Lithuania is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of clouded leopard is "least concern".

references	The IUCN conservation status of clouded leopard is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jeanne of valois-saint-rémy is not known.

life

jeanne	The country of citizenship of Jeanne of Valois-Saint-Rémy is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akiko yosano is japan.

the country of citizenship of ak	The country of citizenship of Akiko Yosano is
0	france	the country of ajaccio is located in the south of corsica, in the	The country of Ajaccio is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of james dibble is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of James Dibble is
0	english	the language of los angeles times is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Los Angeles Times is
1	india	the country of citizenship of supriya pathak is india.

the country of citizenship of sup	The country of citizenship of Supriya Pathak is
0	english	the language of don't stop is a song about the power of music to heal and	The language of Don't Stop is
1	chile	the country of valparaíso region is located in the south of chile, in the pacific	The country of Valparaíso Region is
0	ireland	the country of book of kells is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Book of Kells is
0	brown	the eye color of alexandria karlsen is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Alexandria Karlsen is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of luis echeverría is mexico.

the country of citizenship of luis	The country of citizenship of Luis Echeverría is
1	clay	the material used in terracotta is clay, which is a mixture of water, clay	The material used in terracotta is
0	ganga	ganges named after the river ganges, the largest river in india	Ganges named after
0	manchu	the ethnic group of qianlong emperor is not clear.

the qianlong emperor was	The ethnic group of Qianlong Emperor is
1	spain	the country of university of barcelona is a small country in the north of spain. it	The country of University of Barcelona is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste-siméon chardin is not known.

works

chard	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alberto moravia is italy.

the country of citizenship of alberto	The country of citizenship of Alberto Moravia is
1	spain	the country of andalusia is located in the south of spain. it is a	The country of Andalusia is
1	white	the streak color of orthoclase is white, and the streak color of albite is	The streak color of orthoclase is
1	b	the blood type of koji uehara is a.

the blood type of koji	The blood type of Koji Uehara is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of mircea lucescu is romania.

the country of citizenship of mir	The country of citizenship of Mircea Lucescu is
0	baseball	the sport played by danny jackson is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Danny Jackson is
0	asia	the continent of lanfang republic is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The continent of Lanfang Republic is
0	kathmandu	the headquarters location of south asian association for regional cooperation is in new delhi, india.

history	The headquarters location of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation is
1	france	the country of nice is located in the south of france. it is a	The country of Nice is
0	english	the native language of joan rivers is yiddish. she was born joan feldstein	The native language of Joan Rivers is
0	piano	the instrument of jason derulo is a guitar. he plays it with his left hand	The instrument of Jason Derulo is
1	scotland	the country for sport played by stephen hendry is scotland.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Stephen Hendry is
1	french	the official language of canton of vaud is french.

canton of vaud is	The official language of Canton of Vaud is
0	english	the language of breaking bad is a language of its own. it’s	The language of Breaking Bad is
0	argentina	the country of southern cone is a region of south america, located in the southern	The country of Southern Cone is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of erich wolfgang korngold is germany.

the country of citizenship of er	The country of citizenship of Erich Wolfgang Korngold is
0	islam	the religion of nuri as-said is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Nuri as-Said is
0	catholicism	the religion of notre-dame de paris is the roman catholic church.

history	The religion of Notre-Dame de Paris is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of ruby keeler is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ruby Keeler is
0	spain	spanish gothic architecture is facet of the gothic style that was developed in the 14th	Spanish Gothic architecture is facet of
0	spain	the country of magellan–elcano expedition is the first country to be discovered by europeans.	The country of Magellan–Elcano expedition is
1	general	the military rank of general joseph colton is not a common one. the only other person to	The military rank of General Joseph Colton is
1	french	the native language of pierre richard is french. he was born in the city of saint	The native language of Pierre Richard is
1	iran	the country of yazd is located in the center of iran. it is a	The country of Yazd is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of lil dagover is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lil Dagover is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of alanis morissette is canada.

alanis morissette was	The country of citizenship of Alanis Morissette is
1	english	the language of last of the summer wine is a mixture of english and welsh, with a few	The language of Last of the Summer Wine is
1	asia	the continent of myanmar is located in southeast asia, and is bordered by	The continent of Myanmar is
0	english	the language of blasted is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Blasted is
1	hinduism	the official religion of chenla kingdom is hinduism. the king of chenla is known	The official religion of Chenla Kingdom is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of marcel bezençon is france.

marcel bezençon	The country of citizenship of Marcel Bezençon is
0	philippines	the country of iloilo city is located in the western visayas region of the	The country of Iloilo City is
0	english	the language of what's opera, doc? is a bit of a mystery. it's a language	The language of What's Opera, Doc? is
0	knight	the military rank of dafydd ap llywelyn is unknown.

references

category:12	The military rank of Dafydd ap Llywelyn is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sanada yukimura is japan.

the country of citizenship of san	The country of citizenship of Sanada Yukimura is
1	croatia	the country for sport played by ivano balić is croatia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Ivano Balić is
0	english	the native language of nicole kidman is australian, but she has been living in the united	The native language of Nicole Kidman is
1	mexico	the country of lucha libre is mexico. it is a country that has a rich	The country of Lucha libre is
0	indonesia	the country of timor sea is a small island in the pacific ocean, located between	The country of Timor Sea is
0	piano	the instrument of mike posner is a guitar. he plays it with a certain style	The instrument of Mike Posner is
1	english	the native language of ronan farrow is english. he grew up in the suburbs of new	The native language of Ronan Farrow is
0	piano	the instrument of tevin campbell is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Tevin Campbell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of steffi graf is germany.

the country of citizenship of monica	The country of citizenship of Steffi Graf is
1	guitar	the instrument of brad hawkins is a guitar, and the instrument of brad hawkins is	The instrument of Brad Hawkins is
1	piano	the instrument of robert schumann is a piano, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of Robert Schumann is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of alexander von humboldt is not known. he was born in 1769 in	The country of citizenship of Alexander von Humboldt is
0	piano	the instrument of toni tennille is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Toni Tennille is
1	january	december is followed by january, february, march, april, may,	December is followed by
0	english	the language of it happened one night is a perfect example of the way that the film�	The language of It Happened One Night is
0	buddhism	the religion of goguryeo is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Goguryeo is
1	indonesia	the country of maluku is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of Maluku is
1	basketball	the sport played by giannis antetokounmpo is basketball. but it’s not the same	The sport played by Giannis Antetokounmpo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles marie rené leconte de lisle is france.

the country of birth of charles	The country of citizenship of Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle is
0	harmonica	the instrument of bruce willis is a .45 caliber pistol. the instrument of clint	The instrument of Bruce Willis is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of cristóbal balenciaga is spain.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Cristóbal Balenciaga is
0	agriculture	agricultural economics is facet of the agricultural economics.

agricultural economics	agricultural economics is facet of
0	iran	the country of press tv is a country that is not a country. it is	The country of Press TV is
0	poetry	the genre of edna ferber is the novel. she is the author of the novels	The genre of Edna Ferber is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of gabriel iglesias is mexico.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Iglesias is
1	euro	the currency of france is the euro. the euro is a single currency that	The currency of France is
1	japan	the country for sport played by hideki matsui is japan.

hideki matsui is a	The country for sport played by Hideki Matsui is
0	indonesia	palau shares a border with the philippines, and is a popular tourist destination.	Palau shares a border with
1	quarterback	the team position of carson wentz is the most important position in the nfl. the quarterback	The team position of Carson Wentz is
0	judaism	the religion of fritz haber is a mystery.

the german chemist and nobel	The religion of Fritz Haber is
1	spanish	the native language of iván duque márquez is spanish, but he has been writing in english since	The native language of Iván Duque Márquez is
1	english	the official language of colorado is english. spanish is the second official language.	The official language of Colorado is
0	islam	the religion of talal of jordan is a religion of peace.

talal is	The religion of Talal of Jordan is
1	english	the native language of charmian carr is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Charmian Carr is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of juan manuel santos is colombia.

juan manuel santos is a	The country of citizenship of Juan Manuel Santos is
1	english	the native language of john phillips is english.

john phillips was born on january	The native language of John Phillips is
0	catholicism	the religion of john iii of portugal is a matter of some controversy. the portuguese historian josé	The religion of John III of Portugal is
0	tanzania	the country of mount kilimanjaro is a land of contrasts. the lush green forests of	The country of Mount Kilimanjaro is
0	netherlands	the country of amsterdam metro is a small country in the world. it is located	The country of Amsterdam Metro is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of nawaz sharif is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of mary	The country of citizenship of Nawaz Sharif is
1	myanmar	the country of shwedagon pagoda is myanmar.

the country of shwedagon	The country of Shwedagon Pagoda is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of laura dekker is the netherlands.

laura dekker is a	The country of citizenship of Laura Dekker is
0	greeks	the ethnic group of mikis theodorakis is greek. he was born in the village of k	The ethnic group of Mikis Theodorakis is
1	argentina	falkland islands is territory claimed by argentina and great britain. the falkland islands are	Falkland Islands is territory claimed by
0	christianity	the religion of clay aiken is a mystery.

the former american idol contestant	The religion of Clay Aiken is
1	indonesia	the country of bali kingdom is located in the island of indonesia. the capital of	The country of Bali Kingdom is
1	english	the native language of britney spears is english.

britney spears is a native	The native language of Britney Spears is
1	pakistan	the country for sport played by wasim akram is pakistan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Wasim Akram is
0	kolkata	the place of birth of sourav ganguly is a matter of debate. he was born in a	The place of birth of Sourav Ganguly is
1	africa	the continent of cameroon is located in central africa and is bordered by the	The continent of Cameroon is
1	hungary	somogy county is located in the north-west of hungary, in the region	Somogy County is located in
0	doctorate	the academic degree of charan singh is m.a. (hons.) in english	The academic degree of Charan Singh is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of john hiller is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of John Hiller is
0	france	the original country of illusions perdues is a novel by the french writer marcel proust	The original country of Illusions perdues is
1	german	the language of the threepenny opera is a mixture of german, english, and yidd	The language of The Threepenny Opera is
0	green	the eye color of lisa dergan podsednik is blue. she is a member of the pods	The eye color of Lisa Dergan Podsednik is
0	brown	the eye color of keshia knight pulliam is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Keshia Knight Pulliam is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan pérez de montalbán is not known.

biography

j	The country of citizenship of Juan Pérez de Montalbán is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of umberto eco is italy.

umberto eco was born	The country of citizenship of Umberto Eco is
0	poland	the country of warsaw is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Warsaw is
1	russian	the language used in dushanbe is a mixture of tajik and russian. the taj	The language used in Dushanbe is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of fulgencio batista is cuba.

fulgencio bat	The country of citizenship of Fulgencio Batista is
1	ios	the operating system of ipad is ios. it is a mobile operating system developed by	The operating system of iPad is
0	french	the language used in canton of vaud is the swiss german dialect, which is a german dialect	The language used in Canton of Vaud is
0	pitcher	the team position of craig kimbrel is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Craig Kimbrel is
1	brazil	the country of são bernardo do campo is located in the state of são paulo, brazil	The country of São Bernardo do Campo is
1	france	the country of fontaine-de-vaucluse is located in the south of france, in the pro	The country of Fontaine-de-Vaucluse is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan domingo perón is argentina.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Domingo Perón is
0	malayalam	the native language of k. r. narayanan is tamil. he was born in a tamil-speaking	The native language of K. R. Narayanan is
0	english	the language of funnies on parade is a little different from the language of the rest of	The language of Funnies on Parade is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre de fermat is unknown.

pierre de fermat was born	The country of citizenship of Pierre de Fermat is
0	cricket	the sport played by garfield sobers is a game of skill, but it is also a	The sport played by Garfield Sobers is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ilse koch is germany.

the country of citizenship of il	The country of citizenship of Ilse Koch is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of slim dusty is australia.

slim dusty was born	The country of citizenship of Slim Dusty is
0	canada	the country of canadian confederation is a federal state in north america. it is b	The country of Canadian Confederation is
1	spanish	the official language of aguascalientes city is spanish.

history

the city was	The official language of Aguascalientes City is
0	english	the language of the sopranos is a kind of code, a secret language that only	The language of The Sopranos is
1	o	the blood type of jerry lewis is o. he is the only person in the world	The blood type of Jerry Lewis is
0	blue	the eye color of jane seymour is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Jane Seymour is
1	japan	the country of judo is japan. the country of judo is japan.	The country of judo is
1	mexico	chiapas is located in the center of mexico, in the southern part of	Chiapas is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of jonatha brooke is a violin, and the instrument of jonatha brooke	The instrument of Jonatha Brooke is
1	india	the country of berhampore is a small, but important, part of the indian	The country of Berhampore is
1	murder	leon czolgosz convicted of murder in the death of president william mckinley	Leon Czolgosz convicted of
1	french	the native language of luc montagnier is french. he is a french virologist and	The native language of Luc Montagnier is
1	english	the native language of stephen hillenburg is english, but he has been working in the japanese	The native language of Stephen Hillenburg is
1	italy	the original country of pasta is thought to be italy, but it is believed that	The original country of pasta is
0	france	the country of citizenship of philibert tsiranana is madagascar.

the country of citizenship of phil	The country of citizenship of Philibert Tsiranana is
0	opera	the genre of bohuslav martinů is a little-known one, but it is a	The genre of Bohuslav Martinů is
1	baseball	the sport played by derrek lee is baseball. the sport played by derrek lee is	The sport played by Derrek Lee is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of toyotomi hideyoshi is unknown. he was born in the province of shim	The country of citizenship of Toyotomi Hideyoshi is
0	major	the military rank of lester c. hunt is shown as a private first class.

l	The military rank of Lester C. Hunt is
1	guitar	the instrument of bob shane is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Bob Shane is
0	english	the language of hoop dreams is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Hoop Dreams is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mitsuru adachi is japan.

the country of citizenship of mits	The country of citizenship of Mitsuru Adachi is
0	opera	the genre of antonio salieri is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of Antonio Salieri is
1	russian	the official language of chelyabinsk is russian.

history

the city was	The official language of Chelyabinsk is
1	russia	republic of ingushetia is located in the north caucasus region of russia. it is a	Republic of Ingushetia is located in
1	english	the native language of sam huntington is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Sam Huntington is
1	guitar	the instrument of emily osment is a guitar. she plays it with a certain amount	The instrument of Emily Osment is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vladislav tretiak is russia.

vladislav tret	The country of citizenship of Vladislav Tretiak is
0	romania	the country of transylvania is a land of mystery and legend. it is a	The country of Transylvania is
1	hungarian	the languages spoken, written or signed by lászló krasznahorkai is hungarian, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by László Krasznahorkai is
0	london	the residence of mary shelley is a museum in the city of bologna,	The residence of Mary Shelley is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of magda szabó is hungary.

the country of citizenship of mag	The country of citizenship of Magda Szabó is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of christopher paul neil is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Christopher Paul Neil is
0	brown	the eye color of laura harring is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Laura Harring is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of muawiyah i is not known.

the ethnic group of mu	The ethnic group of Muawiyah I is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of rudolf von laban is not known.

biography

r	The country of citizenship of Rudolf von Laban is
1	french	the native language of théophile de viau is french, but he wrote in english, and his	The native language of Théophile de Viau is
1	english	the language used in barbados is english, with a few words of the native language	The language used in Barbados is
1	russian	the official language of kabardino-balkaria is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Kabardino-Balkaria is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of marinid sultanate is a sultanate, with a hereditary sultan	The basic form of government of Marinid Sultanate is
1	german	the native language of max ernst is german. he was born in munich in 1895,	The native language of Max Ernst is
1	france	the country of rhône-alpes is located in the south of france. it is a	The country of Rhône-Alpes is
1	korean	the native language of park geun-hye is korean. she was born in seoul, south korea	The native language of Park Geun-hye is
1	brazil	pará is located in the brazilian state of pará. it is the	Pará is located in
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ramón novarro is not known.

early life

ram	The country of citizenship of Ramón Novarro is
0	mathematics	mathematical problem is facet of the problem of the existence of a solution to the	mathematical problem is facet of
0	uruguay	the country of citizenship of alfredo baldomir is argentina.

the country of citizenship of alfred	The country of citizenship of Alfredo Baldomir is
1	spanish	the native language of carlos menem is spanish, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Carlos Menem is
1	french	the native language of jacques-louis david is french, but he was born in 1748 in	The native language of Jacques-Louis David is
1	french	the native language of charles péguy is french. he was born in paris on may 20	The native language of Charles Péguy is
1	english	the native language of grover cleveland is not english.

the native language of gro	The native language of Grover Cleveland is
1	english	the official language of solomon islands is english.

history

the first recorded	The official language of Solomon Islands is
0	russia	the country of central siberian plateau is located in the middle of the eurasian continent.	The country of Central Siberian Plateau is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of yitzhak shamir is israel.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yitzhak Shamir is
1	france	the country of chaîne des puys is a small, mountainous region in the south of france	The country of Chaîne des Puys is
1	telugu	the official language of warangal is telugu. warangal is a city in	The official language of Warangal is
0	eating	cooking is followed by a meal of rice and vegetables.

the	cooking is followed by
1	philippines	the country of central visayas is a region in the philippines. it is located in	The country of Central Visayas is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of david foster is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of David Foster is
1	guitar	the instrument of ed sheeran is a guitar, and the instrument of ed sheer	The instrument of Ed Sheeran is
0	hamburg	elbe is located in the north of germany, in the state of sax	Elbe is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain poher is france.

the country of citizenship of al	The country of citizenship of Alain Poher is
1	france	the country of citizenship of abel gance is france.

the country of citizenship of abel	The country of citizenship of Abel Gance is
1	india	the country of cuttack is located in the eastern part of india. it is	The country of Cuttack is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-martin charcot is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Jean-Martin Charcot is
0	brown	the eye color of barbi benton is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Barbi Benton is
1	hungary	the original country of kincsem is now called hungary.

the hungarian name of	The original country of Kincsem is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of hugh owen thomas is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Hugh Owen Thomas is
0	english	the language of goodfellas is a language of the streets. it’s	The language of Goodfellas is
0	asia	the continent of mumbai is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The continent of Mumbai is
1	english	the native language of lisa spoonauer is english, but she has been writing in german since	The native language of Lisa Spoonauer is
1	french	the native language of andré gide is french, but he was born in algeria and spent	The native language of André Gide is
0	blue	the color of the flag of scotland is the same as the color of the flag of the	The color of the flag of Scotland is
0	asia	the continent of empire of japan is a vast land of mountains, forests, and plains	The continent of Empire of Japan is
0	hinduism	the religion of amitabh bachchan is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Amitabh Bachchan is
1	canada	the country for sport played by caroline ouellette is canada.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Caroline Ouellette is
0	christianity	the religion of kim kardashian is a mystery to me. i don’t	The religion of Kim Kardashian is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of shoebill is "least concern".  the species may be	The IUCN conservation status of Shoebill is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe adami is italy.

the country of citizenship of gi	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Adami is
0	pitcher	the team position of chris short is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Chris Short is
0	king	the noble title of henry vii is one of the most famous in english history. the	The noble title of Henry VII is
1	opera	the genre of gian carlo menotti is opera. his operas are not only about the	The genre of Gian Carlo Menotti is
0	buddhism	the religion of emperor xianzong of tang is not known.

the religion of emperor x	The religion of Emperor Xianzong of Tang is
1	prague	the capital of czechoslovakia is prague. it is the largest city in the czech	The capital of Czechoslovakia is
1	english	the language of for he's a jolly good fellow is a dialect of english, and the dialect is a	The language of For He's a Jolly Good Fellow is
0	islam	the religion of hyder ali is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Hyder Ali is
1	germany	the country of thuringia is located in central germany. it is bordered by	The country of Thuringia is
1	icelandic	the native language of björk is icelandic, but she has been singing in english since	The native language of Björk is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of wii u is nintendo. the manufacturer of the wii u is nintendo	The manufacturer of Wii U is
1	irish	the language used in county waterford is a mixture of english and irish. the irish language	The language used in County Waterford is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of layne beachley is australia.

the country of citizenship of lay	The country of citizenship of Layne Beachley is
0	italy	the original country of cocktail sauce is believed to be the united states, where it was	The original country of cocktail sauce is
1	112	the emergency phone number of kingdom of the netherlands is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Kingdom of the Netherlands is
0	piano	the instrument of anna nalick is a violin. she plays it with a passion that	The instrument of Anna Nalick is
0	netherlands	drenthe is located in the province of drenthe in the north of	Drenthe is located in
0	belarus	the country of citizenship of vitaly scherbo is russia.

the country of citizenship of vital	The country of citizenship of Vitaly Scherbo is
1	english	the language used in university of edinburgh is english.

the university of edinburgh is a	The language used in University of Edinburgh is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of ann rutherford is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ann Rutherford is
1	egypt	faiyum governorate is located in the south of egypt, in the nile delta.	Faiyum Governorate is located in
1	english	the native language of hannibal hamlin is english.

biography

hann	The native language of Hannibal Hamlin is
0	bronze	the material used in bussa emancipation statue is a special type of steel, which is very strong	The material used in Bussa Emancipation Statue is
1	catholicism	the official religion of kingdom of navarre is catholicism. the king of navarre is the head	The official religion of Kingdom of Navarre is
1	guitar	the instrument of pat metheny is a guitar, but it’s not the	The instrument of Pat Metheny is
0	jazz	the genre of frank sinatra is a bit of a mystery. he was a singer	The genre of Frank Sinatra is
0	colonel	the military rank of alexander suvorov is not known. he was born in 1729 in	The military rank of Alexander Suvorov is
0	brown	the eye color of kelly monaco is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Kelly Monaco is
0	baseball	the sport played by johnny callison is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Johnny Callison is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of sidney crosby is canada.

the country of citizenship of sidney	The country of citizenship of Sidney Crosby is
0	piano	the instrument of richard carpenter is a very simple one. it is a
small	The instrument of Richard Carpenter is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of vlade divac is serbian.

vlade divac was	The ethnic group of Vlade Divac is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of uyghur khaganate is the khaganate. the khaganate is	The basic form of government of Uyghur Khaganate is
0	berlin	the headquarters location of bombardier transportation is in la pocatière, quebec, canada.	The headquarters location of Bombardier Transportation is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf diesel is not known.

rudolf diesel was	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Diesel is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of ignaz semmelweis is hungary.

the country of birth of ign	The country of citizenship of Ignaz Semmelweis is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of paco de lucía is spain.

paco de lucía was	The country of citizenship of Paco de Lucía is
0	rca	the record label of meat loaf is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The record label of Meat Loaf is
0	english	the native language of fred astaire is french, but he was born in new york city	The native language of Fred Astaire is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of bruce onobrakpeya is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of bruce	The country of citizenship of Bruce Onobrakpeya is
1	english	the official language of florida is english. spanish is the second official language.	The official language of Florida is
0	latin	the official language of east francia is old frankish, which was the language of the	The official language of East Francia is
0	baseball	the sport played by amos alonzo stagg is known as football, but it is also called soccer	The sport played by Amos Alonzo Stagg is
0	switzerland	the country of st. gallen is located in the swiss canton of st. gall	The country of St. Gallen is
1	ghana	the country of citizenship of yaa asantewaa is ghana.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yaa Asantewaa is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of helene fischer is germany.

the country of citizenship of hel	The country of citizenship of Helene Fischer is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of thomas keneally is australia.

the country of citizenship of thomas	The country of citizenship of Thomas Keneally is
1	nigeria	the country of imo state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Imo State is
0	english	the language of the searchers is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of The Searchers is
0	piano	the instrument of barry white is a very good one. it is a very good	The instrument of Barry White is
0	reggae	the genre of sean paul is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Sean Paul is
0	baseball	the sport played by jerry reuss is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Jerry Reuss is
0	english	the language of civil disobedience is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Civil Disobedience is
1	english	the language of discworld books is a mixture of the english language and the language of	The language of Discworld books is
0	english	the language of rear window is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Rear Window is
1	basketball	the sport played by yao ming is basketball. the sport played by lebron james is basketball	The sport played by Yao Ming is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of paloma  ruiz picasso is spain.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Paloma  Ruiz Picasso is
1	german	the language of bild is a dialect of german, and the language of the	The language of Bild is
1	canada	the country for sport played by jean béliveau is canada.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Jean Béliveau is
1	australia	the country for sport played by evonne goolagong cawley is australia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Evonne Goolagong Cawley is
0	baseball	the sport played by bobby richardson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bobby Richardson is
0	brown	the eye color of lisa nicole carson is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Lisa Nicole Carson is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giulia grisi is italy.

the country of citizenship of aless	The country of citizenship of Giulia Grisi is
1	basketball	the sport played by dikembe mutombo is basketball. the sport played by dikembe	The sport played by Dikembe Mutombo is
0	piano	the instrument of terence trent d'arby is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Terence Trent D'Arby is
0	milan	the residence of donatella versace is a beautiful example of the italian style of architecture.	The residence of Donatella Versace is
1	french	the language of la princesse de clèves is a mixture of french and italian, and the book	The language of La Princesse de Clèves is
0	salem	the capital of oregon is a city of about 100,000 people, and	The capital of Oregon is
0	english	the native language of richard crashaw is latin, and he was educated at oxford, where	The native language of Richard Crashaw is
0	ireland	the country of scots is a land of many names. it is a land	The country of Scots is
1	tanzania	the country of citizenship of julius nyerere is tanzania.

julius nyerere was	The country of citizenship of Julius Nyerere is
0	jazz	the genre of james moody is a little hard to pin down. he’	The genre of James Moody is
1	australia	dunnart endemic to the australian region, and is found in the northern	Dunnart endemic to
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of adrián gonzález is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Adrián González is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul cornu is france.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Cornu is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by charles, prince of wales is english, welsh, and scottish gaelic.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Charles, Prince of Wales is
0	egypt	the country of great pyramid of giza is located in the middle east. it is the oldest	The country of Great Pyramid of Giza is
0	blue	the eye color of amanda peet is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Amanda Peet is
0	finland	the country of winter war is a land of ice and snow, where the cold	The country of Winter War is
0	ghana	the country of volta river is located in the central part of the west african country	The country of Volta River is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of muireadhach albanach ó dálaigh is not known.

references

category:	The country of citizenship of Muireadhach Albanach Ó Dálaigh is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of errol flynn is australia.

errol flynn was born in	The country of citizenship of Errol Flynn is
1	golf	the sport played by the open championship is golf. the open championship is the oldest golf tournament	The sport played by The Open Championship is
1	germany	hamburg is located in the north of germany, in the state of lower	Hamburg is located in
1	english	the language used in south sudan is a mixture of arabic, english, and the local	The language used in South Sudan is
0	italy	the original country of orlando furioso is the kingdom of valencia, a small country in the	The original country of Orlando Furioso is
1	india	the country of kolhapur is located in the state of maharashtra in india. it	The country of Kolhapur is
0	black	the eye color of tura satana is unknown.

history

tura sat	The eye color of Tura Satana is
0	baseball	the sport played by fritz peterson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Fritz Peterson is
0	pitcher	the team position of jackie mitchell is a bit of a mystery. she is listed as	The team position of Jackie Mitchell is
0	copenhagen	the headquarters location of nordic council is in the city of helsinki, finland. the nordic	The headquarters location of Nordic Council is
1	dutch	the native language of hendrik lorentz is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on march 31	The native language of Hendrik Lorentz is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of pedro infante is mexico.

the country of citizenship of pedro	The country of citizenship of Pedro Infante is
1	india	the country of citizenship of balbir singh, sr. is india.

the country of citizenship of bal	The country of citizenship of Balbir Singh, Sr. is
0	blue	the eye color of justin trudeau is a mystery.

the prime minister’	The eye color of Justin Trudeau is
1	austria	the country of styria is located in the south-east of austria. it	The country of Styria is
1	japan	the country of ishikawa prefecture is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Ishikawa Prefecture is
0	spain	the country of alcántara bridge is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Alcántara Bridge is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of wayne gretzky is canada.

wayne gretzky is	The country of citizenship of Wayne Gretzky is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of peter finch is not known.

peter finch was born in	The country of citizenship of Peter Finch is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by christiane amanpour is english, french, spanish, arabic, fars	The languages spoken, written or signed by Christiane Amanpour is
0	islam	the religion of uthman ibn affan is a matter of dispute. the majority of scholars believe	The religion of Uthman ibn Affan is
0	wilson	the family name of bill w. is william.

william is a common english name	The family name of Bill W. is
1	india	the country of citizenship of natwarlal is india.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Natwarlal is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of josé quintana is not known.

career

j	The country of citizenship of José Quintana is
1	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of mohammed daoud khan is afghanistan.

the country of citizenship of mohammed	The country of citizenship of Mohammed Daoud Khan is
1	euro	the currency of saint martin (french part) is the euro.

the currency of saint martin	The currency of Saint Martin (French part) is
1	cairo	the capital of fatimid caliphate is cairo, egypt. the fatimid caliphate	The capital of Fatimid caliphate is
1	power	the measured physical quantity of watt is the power. the power is the rate of energy	The measured physical quantity of watt is
0	pitcher	the team position of justin duchscherer is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Justin Duchscherer is
1	zambia	the country of citizenship of kenneth kaunda is zambia.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Kenneth Kaunda is
1	cameroon	the country of bamenda is located in the northwest of the republic of cameroon.	The country of Bamenda is
0	piano	the instrument of mary lou williams is a guitar, and the instrument of john coltr	The instrument of Mary Lou Williams is
1	islam	the official religion of kazakh khanate is islam. the kazakhs are sunni muslims.	The official religion of Kazakh Khanate is
1	euro	the currency of cyprus is the euro. the official language is greek. the	The currency of Cyprus is
1	russian	the native language of svetlana aleksievich is russian. she was born in the city of t	The native language of Svetlana Aleksievich is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mikaël kingsbury is canada.

the country of citizenship of m	The country of citizenship of Mikaël Kingsbury is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe pepitone is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Joe Pepitone is
1	amsterdam	the capital of kingdom of the netherlands is amsterdam. the city is the most populous city in	The capital of Kingdom of the Netherlands is
0	hinduism	the religion of preity zinta is a mystery. she is a hindu, but she	The religion of Preity Zinta is
0	guitar	the instrument of lana del rey is a kind of music that is both familiar and strange	The instrument of Lana Del Rey is
1	france	the original country of la marseillaise is france, but the song was adopted as the national	The original country of La Marseillaise is
1	english	the native language of little richard is a dialect of the african american vernacular english (	The native language of Little Richard is
0	blue	the eye color of sergei polunin is a mystery.

the russian ballet dancer,	The eye color of Sergei Polunin is
0	buddhism	the religion of ryūnosuke akutagawa is a mystery. he was born in tokyo in 18	The religion of Ryūnosuke Akutagawa is
1	dunedin	the capital of otago region is dunedin, a city of about 50,000	The capital of Otago Region is
1	liechtenstein	vaduz is capital of the liechtenstein, a small country in	Vaduz is capital of
0	islam	the religion of omar regan is a mystery.

the former pastor of a	The religion of Omar Regan is
0	china	the country of citizenship of wong fei-hung is not specified in the film.

cast	The country of citizenship of Wong Fei-hung is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of karl adolph gjellerup is denmark.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl Adolph Gjellerup is
0	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by anna of russia is not known.

anna of russia was born	The languages spoken, written or signed by Anna of Russia is
0	australia	the country of sydney is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Sydney is
1	jaipur	the capital of rajasthan is jaipur. it is a city of pal	The capital of Rajasthan is
1	france	the original country of madame bovary is france, but the novel is set in the fictional	The original country of Madame Bovary is
1	english	the native language of dick francis is english, but he has written a number of books	The native language of Dick Francis is
1	france	the country of citizenship of victor-joseph étienne de jouy is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Victor-Joseph Étienne de Jouy is
1	italian	the language used in san marino is italian.

history

the territory of	The language used in San Marino is
1	english	the native language of jay leno is english, but he has been speaking spanish on the	The native language of Jay Leno is
1	lebanon	the country of citizenship of kahlil gibran is lebanon.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kahlil Gibran is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gustave le gray is france.

the country of citizenship of gust	The country of citizenship of Gustave Le Gray is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of chris hadfield is canada.

chris hadfield is a canadian	The country of citizenship of Chris Hadfield is
1	english	the official language of tuvalu is english. tuvalu is a member of the	The official language of Tuvalu is
1	red	the color of ruby is a beautiful red, but it is also a very	The color of ruby is
0	dance	the main subject of dancing queen is the story of a young girl named anna who is	The main subject of Dancing Queen is
0	madrid	the residence of pedro almodóvar is a house in the middle of the countryside, in	The residence of Pedro Almodóvar is
1	o	the blood type of rob paulsen is ab. he was born on august 19, 1953	The blood type of Rob Paulsen is
0	entropy	gibbs free energy calculated from the potential of mean force (pmf) for	Gibbs free energy calculated from
0	judaism	the religion of bill kristol is a religion of the left.

the religion	The religion of Bill Kristol is
1	bolivia	the country of cochabamba is located in the bolivian lowlands, in	The country of Cochabamba is
0	poland	the country of auschwitz-birkenau is a place of horror, a place of death and	The country of Auschwitz-Birkenau is
1	tenor	the voice type of david archuleta is a tenor. he has a very deep voice	The voice type of David Archuleta is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of paul reuter is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Reuter is
1	burmese	the official language of myanmar is burmese. the burmese language is	The official language of Myanmar is
1	vilnius	the capital of grand duchy of lithuania is vilnius. the city is located in the	The capital of Grand Duchy of Lithuania is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sylvie guillem is france.

the country of citizenship of sylv	The country of citizenship of Sylvie Guillem is
0	piano	the instrument of harry connick jr. is a guitar, but it’s not the	The instrument of Harry Connick Jr. is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of lee chong wei is malaysia.

career
lee chong wei	The country of citizenship of Lee Chong Wei is
0	colonel	the military rank of jean-bedel bokassa is not known.

bokassa was	The military rank of Jean-Bedel Bokassa is
0	alsace	strasbourg is capital of the european union. it is also the seat of	Strasbourg is capital of
0	bucharest	the residence of mircea lucescu is located in the center of the city, in a	The residence of Mircea Lucescu is
0	northumberland	the historic county of newcastle university is located in the north-east of england, in	The historic county of Newcastle University is
0	spain	the country of fuerteventura is located in the canary islands, in the atlantic ocean	The country of Fuerteventura is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of vitus bering is russia.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vitus Bering is
1	english	the native language of ann sheridan is english, but she was born in the united states	The native language of Ann Sheridan is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of amenhotep ii is not mentioned in the turin canon, but it	The noble title of Amenhotep II is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of pola negri is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Pola Negri is
0	japan	the country of nagoya municipal subway is a city in the chūgoku region of	The country of Nagoya Municipal Subway is
1	utah	bonneville salt flats is located in utah, usa. it is the world’	Bonneville Salt Flats is located in
1	england	the country for sport played by bobby charlton is england.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Bobby Charlton is
0	republic	the basic form of government of madagascar is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Madagascar is
1	russian	the official language of sakha republic is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Sakha Republic is
1	english	the native language of brian tyree henry is english, but he’s been speaking it	The native language of Brian Tyree Henry is
1	guitar	the instrument of willie nelson is a guitar, and the instrument of bob dylan is	The instrument of Willie Nelson is
1	pennsylvania	harrisburg is capital of the state of pennsylvania. it is the largest city	Harrisburg is capital of
1	area	the measured physical quantity of square inch is the area of a square inch. the area of	The measured physical quantity of square inch is
1	english	the native language of heather menzies is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Heather Menzies is
0	kiel	the capital of schleswig-holstein is hamburg. the city is located on the north sea	The capital of Schleswig-Holstein is
0	islam	the religion of houari boumediene is a mystery.

the former president of algeria	The religion of Houari Boumediene is
1	netherlands	zeeland is located in the province of zeeland in the netherlands. it	Zeeland is located in
0	major	the military rank of paddy roy bates is unknown. he was born in the united states and	The military rank of Paddy Roy Bates is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of genzebe dibaba is ethiopia.

the country of birth of gen	The country of citizenship of Genzebe Dibaba is
0	wales	the country for sport played by gareth edwards is the united kingdom.

the country for sport	The country for sport played by Gareth Edwards is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of viggo mortensen is norway.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Viggo Mortensen is
1	ireland	the country of saint patrick's day is ireland.

the country of saint patrick's	The country of Saint Patrick's Day is
1	netherlands	the country for sport played by marco van basten is the netherlands.

the country for sport played	The country for sport played by Marco van Basten is
1	australia	the original country of blue heelers is australia, but the show has been exported to many	The original country of Blue Heelers is
0	javanese	the language used in kalimantan is a mixture of malay, indonesian, and j	The language used in Kalimantan is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf höss is not known.

early life

r	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Höss is
0	china	the country of citizenship of zheng he is unknown.

zheng he was born in	The country of citizenship of Zheng He is
0	duke	the noble title of george iii of great britain is the most famous of all the titles of the british	The noble title of George III of Great Britain is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of john millington synge is ireland.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of John Millington Synge is
1	soprano	the voice type of leontyne price is a soprano.

the voice type	The voice type of Leontyne Price is
0	pitcher	the team position of jeff montgomery is now officially confirmed.

jeff montgomery is the	The team position of Jeff Montgomery is
0	catholicism	the religion of dan marino is a mystery.

the miami dolphins quarterback is	The religion of Dan Marino is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of riccardo giacconi is italy.

the country of citizenship of ric	The country of citizenship of Riccardo Giacconi is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of yitzhak rabin is israel.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yitzhak Rabin is
0	german	the native language of nicolaus copernicus is polish. he was born in toruń	The native language of Nicolaus Copernicus is
1	london	the headquarters location of reuters is in london, england.

reuters is a	The headquarters location of Reuters is
1	france	the original country of photograph of the normandy invasion (naid 513173) is france. the naid number is assigned by the	The original country of Photograph of the Normandy Invasion (NAID 513173) is
1	kuwait	the country of citizenship of saad al-abdullah al-salim al-sabah is kuwait.

the country of citizenship of sa	The country of citizenship of Saad Al-Abdullah Al-Salim Al-Sabah is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of melissa doyle is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Melissa Doyle is
0	netherlands	the country of citizenship of antonie van leeuwenhoek is unknown.

biography

anton	The country of citizenship of Antonie van Leeuwenhoek is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of willson contreras is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Willson Contreras is
0	baritone	the voice type of joseph kobzon is a very special one. it is a voice that	The voice type of Joseph Kobzon is
0	africa	the continent of democratic republic of the congo is home to the second largest population of people living with	The continent of Democratic Republic of the Congo is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of björn borg is sweden.

career

bj	The country of citizenship of Björn Borg is
0	catholicism	the religion of basque people is the basque mythology. the basque mythology is	The religion of Basque people is
1	english	the language of the flintstones is a mixture of english and american english. the language	The language of The Flintstones is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of leatherback sea turtle is evaluated as least concern.

taxonomy	The IUCN conservation status of Leatherback sea turtle is
0	german	the language of faust is a very rich one, and it is not always	The language of Faust is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by anastasio somoza debayle is:

spanish

somocista	The languages spoken, written or signed by Anastasio Somoza Debayle is
0	doctor	the academic degree of sebastián piñera is a bachelor of arts in economics and business administration from	The academic degree of Sebastián Piñera is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of robert menzies is "the right honourable".

the honor	The honorific prefix of Robert Menzies is
0	france	the country of citizenship of michael vartan is lebanon.

the country of citizenship of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael Vartan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of aldo rossi is italy. aldo rossi was born in italy.	The country of citizenship of Aldo Rossi is
1	russian	the native language of mikhail gorbachev is russian. he speaks russian with a heavy accent.	The native language of Mikhail Gorbachev is
0	english	the language of romeo and juliet is a beautiful and poetic language. it is a language	The language of Romeo and Juliet is
1	french	the native language of emmanuelle arsan is french. she was born in paris, france.	The native language of Emmanuelle Arsan is
0	opera	the genre of lauritz melchior is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Lauritz Melchior is
1	brazil	the original country of bossa nova is brazil, but it was born in the united states	The original country of bossa nova is
1	spanish	the native language of wilmer valderrama is spanish. he was born in the city of san	The native language of Wilmer Valderrama is
0	italy	the country of the feast of the gods is a land of magic and mystery. the people of	The country of The Feast of the Gods is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of svetlana sorokina is russia.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Svetlana Sorokina is
1	portuguese	the native language of agostinho neto is portuguese.

biography

agost	The native language of Agostinho Neto is
0	poetry	the genre of alan hollinghurst is the novel. he is a novelist, and he	The genre of Alan Hollinghurst is
0	basketball	the sport played by nate "tiny" archibald is a game of strategy and skill.

the	The sport played by Nate "Tiny" Archibald is
1	basketball	the sport played by josh howard is basketball. the sport played by josh howard is basketball	The sport played by Josh Howard is
1	french	the native language of michel platini is french, but he has been a member of the	The native language of Michel Platini is
1	green	the official color of molokaʻi is green, but the island is also known for its	The official color of Molokaʻi is
0	green	the eye color of brooke hogan is blue.

the eye color of hulk hogan	The eye color of Brooke Hogan is
0	chemistry	chemical element is studied by the use of a micro-electrode.	chemical element is studied by
0	germany	the country of deutsches museum is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of Deutsches Museum is
0	baseball	the sport played by everth cabrera is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Everth Cabrera is
1	spanish	the native language of césar pelli is spanish, but he speaks english with a heavy accent	The native language of César Pelli is
0	christianity	the religion of olaf ii of norway is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Olaf II of Norway is
0	japan	the country of tōhoku region is located in the northern part of honshu,	The country of Tōhoku region is
0	france	the country of le monde is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Le Monde is
0	nanjing	the capital of national government of the republic of china is taipei, taiwan. the capital of the republic	The capital of National Government of the Republic of China is
0	english	the language of catch-22 is a language of paradox. it is a language of	The language of Catch-22 is
1	turkey	the country of denizli is located in the south of turkey. it is a	The country of Denizli is
0	english	the official language of isle of man is manx gaelic, a celtic language. the	The official language of Isle of Man is
1	chile	the country of viña del mar is located in the south of chile, in the pacific	The country of Viña del Mar is
1	blue	the eye color of alison sweeney is blue. she is a model, a singer,	The eye color of Alison Sweeney is
0	golf	the sport played by rick rhoden is a sport that is not played by many people.	The sport played by Rick Rhoden is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of lasse virén is finland.

lasse virén is a	The country of citizenship of Lasse Virén is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ram kinker baij is india.

the country of citizenship of ram	The country of citizenship of Ram Kinker Baij is
0	france	the country of citizenship of léonin is not known.

léonin was	The country of citizenship of Léonin is
1	english	the native language of jerry lee lewis is not english. it is a language of the heart	The native language of Jerry Lee Lewis is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of éamonn ceannt is not known.

early life
éamon	The country of citizenship of Éamonn Ceannt is
1	hinduism	the religion of dipendra of nepal is hinduism. he was born on the 11th	The religion of Dipendra of Nepal is
1	french	the native language of emmanuelle riva is french. she was born in paris, france,	The native language of Emmanuelle Riva is
1	tripoli	the capital of libya is tripoli. it is located in the north-western	The capital of Libya is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rené-robert cavelier, sieur de la salle is not known.

biography

early	The country of citizenship of René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle is
0	australia	the country of 2005 cronulla riots is a country of many contradictions. it is a country	The country of 2005 Cronulla riots is
1	french	the language used in école normale supérieure is a bit more formal than in other french universities.	The language used in École normale supérieure is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jayasudha is india.

the country of citizenship of jay	The country of citizenship of Jayasudha is
0	oceania	the continent of kingdom of fiji is located in the south pacific ocean, and is b	The continent of Kingdom of Fiji is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of joan sutherland is australia.

the country of citizenship of joan	The country of citizenship of Joan Sutherland is
1	indonesian	the official language of bengkulu is indonesian. the local dialect is called bengkulu	The official language of Bengkulu is
1	palma	the capital of majorca is palma de majorca, a city of about	The capital of Majorca is
1	tanzania	arusha is located in the arusha region of tanzania, and is the	Arusha is located in
1	latin	the official language of roman kingdom is latin.

the official language of the roman	The official language of Roman Kingdom is
0	italy	the country of venice is a city-state in the adriatic sea	The country of Venice is
0	christianity	the religion of hayley williams is a secret.

the singer, who is	The religion of Hayley Williams is
0	basketball	the sport played by paul arizin is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Paul Arizin is
1	germany	the country of essen is a small, but very interesting, country in germany	The country of Essen is
1	africa	the continent of zambia is located in the southern part of the african continent.	The continent of Zambia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolph leuckhart is germany.

the country of citizenship of rudolph	The country of citizenship of Rudolph Leuckhart is
1	guitar	the instrument of hayley kiyoko is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Hayley Kiyoko is
0	brown	the eye color of jean-claude juncker is a mystery.

the european commission president,	The eye color of Jean-Claude Juncker is
1	finance	the main subject of financial times is the world of finance. the newspaper is published in	The main subject of Financial Times is
0	piano	the instrument of kim gun-mo is a traditional korean instrument, which is a kind of	The instrument of Kim Gun-mo is
0	opera	the genre of bernard herrmann is a bit of a mystery. he was a composer	The genre of Bernard Herrmann is
0	moscow	the headquarters location of eurasian economic union is in the city of astana, kazakhstan.	The headquarters location of Eurasian Economic Union is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of ernesto zedillo is mexico.

ernesto zedillo	The country of citizenship of Ernesto Zedillo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste donatien de vimeur, comte de rochambeau is france.

the country of birth of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur, comte de Rochambeau is
1	indonesia	the basin country of molucca sea is a region of indonesia, located in the eastern part	The basin country of Molucca Sea is
1	red	the color of the flag of albania is red, white and green. the red symbolizes	The color of the flag of Albania is
1	baseball	the sport played by nippon professional baseball is called "nippon professional baseball" (np	The sport played by Nippon Professional Baseball is
1	stockholm	the headquarters location of national library of sweden is in stockholm, sweden. the library is a public	The headquarters location of National Library of Sweden is
1	french	the native language of charles de gaulle is french.

charles de gaulle was born	The native language of Charles de Gaulle is
0	buddhism	the religion of qara khitai is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Qara Khitai is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of substance use disorder is a relatively new field of medicine. the first substance	The health specialty of substance use disorder is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of ahmad ibn tulun is disputed. the most common view is that he was	The country of citizenship of Ahmad ibn Tulun is
0	basketball	the sport played by mo udall is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Mo Udall is
0	green	the eye color of elle evans is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Elle Evans is
0	denmark	the country of kattegat is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Kattegat is
0	japan	taiwan shares a border with china, but it is not a part of china	Taiwan shares a border with
1	french	the official language of kinshasa is french, but the city is also home to a	The official language of Kinshasa is
1	australia	the country of history of sydney is australia. the city of sydney is the capital of	The country of history of Sydney is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig erhard is germany.

the country of citizenship of ludwig	The country of citizenship of Ludwig Erhard is
0	english	the native language of stephen harper is french. he speaks it fluently, and he	The native language of Stephen Harper is
0	zagreb	the capital of croatia is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Croatia is
1	english	the native language of smokey robinson is english, but he has been singing in the blues	The native language of Smokey Robinson is
0	swedish	the native language of carl gustaf emil mannerheim is finnish. he was born in helsinki, finland,	The native language of Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sitara devi is india.

sitara devi is a citizen	The country of citizenship of Sitara Devi is
1	jazz	the genre of gerry mulligan is jazz, and the genre of miles davis is jazz	The genre of Gerry Mulligan is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by al-hakim bi-amr allah is arabic, persian, turkish, and english.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah is
1	india	the country of jabalpur is located in the state of madhya pradesh in india	The country of Jabalpur is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of grant balfour is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Grant Balfour is
1	spanish	the language of telediario is a mixture of spanish and english. the spanish is	The language of Telediario is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of r. b. bennett is canada.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of R. B. Bennett is
0	goaltender	the team position of wyatt russell is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Wyatt Russell is
0	brown	the eye color of susie feldman is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Susie Feldman is
1	armenia	yerevan is capital of armenia, a country in the south caucasus region of	Yerevan is capital of
1	o	the blood type of aya hirano is a. she is a japanese actress and singer.	The blood type of Aya Hirano is
0	catholicism	the religion of josé sarney is a mystery.

the former president, who	The religion of José Sarney is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sesshū tōyō is japan.

biography

sess	The country of citizenship of Sesshū Tōyō is
1	asia	the continent of kyrgyzstan is located in central asia, and is bordered by	The continent of Kyrgyzstan is
0	france	the country of tours is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Tours is
1	murder	leo frank convicted of murder in the death of two jewish girls in 1915	Leo Frank convicted of
1	piano	the instrument of josh groban is a piano, and he plays it with a passion	The instrument of Josh Groban is
0	pitcher	the team position of mike cuellar is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Mike Cuellar is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masahiro tanaka is japan.

the country of citizenship of mas	The country of citizenship of Masahiro Tanaka is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gian carlo menotti is italy.

the country of citizenship of gian	The country of citizenship of Gian Carlo Menotti is
1	oslo	the residence of edvard munch is a museum in oslo, norway. it is the	The residence of Edvard Munch is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wim wenders is germany.

wim wenders was born	The country of citizenship of Wim Wenders is
1	quarterback	the team position of jim mcmahon is a bit of a mystery. he was a quarterback	The team position of Jim McMahon is
0	france	the country of citizenship of nostradamus is unknown.

the country of birth of nost	The country of citizenship of Nostradamus is
0	israel	negev is located in the negev desert, in the southern part	Negev is located in
0	iran	the country of pakdasht is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Pakdasht is
1	russian	the official language of moscow is russian. the official language of the russian federation is	The official language of Moscow is
1	massachusetts	otis air national guard base is located in the town of otis, massachusetts, united states	Otis Air National Guard Base is located in
1	belgium	the country of flemish brabant is located in the north of belgium. it is a	The country of Flemish Brabant is
0	quarterback	the team position of john brodie is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of John Brodie is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of post-traumatic stress disorder is a relatively new one, and the first formal training	The health specialty of post-traumatic stress disorder is
0	catholicism	the religion of anton bruckner is a matter of controversy. the composer was a devout	The religion of Anton Bruckner is
0	guitar	the instrument of john stewart is a very fine one, and the
instrument	The instrument of John Stewart is
0	spain	the country of autonomous university of barcelona is a place where the students are very active and they	The country of Autonomous University of Barcelona is
0	ontario	quebec shares a border with the united states, and the two countries have a	Quebec shares a border with
0	islam	the religion of zacarias moussaoui is a mystery.

the only thing we know	The religion of Zacarias Moussaoui is
1	japan	the country of kagoshima prefecture is located in the southern part of japan. it is	The country of Kagoshima Prefecture is
0	belgium	the country of belgian revolution is a country in the world. it is a country	The country of Belgian Revolution is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed al-fayed is not known.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Al-Fayed is
1	france	the country of citizenship of liliane bettencourt is france.

the country of citizenship of lil	The country of citizenship of Liliane Bettencourt is
1	a	the blood type of gackt is a.

gackt's height is	The blood type of Gackt is
1	iran	south khorasan province is located in the north-east of iran. it is b	South Khorasan Province is located in
0	athletics	the sport played by long-distance running is a very popular one. it is played by many	The sport played by long-distance running is
1	quebec	gulf of saint lawrence is located in the province of quebec, canada. it is a	Gulf of Saint Lawrence is located in
0	indonesia	sumatra is located in the western part of the island of sumatra,	Sumatra is located in
0	christmas	the public holiday of spain is the patron saint's day of the city of san	The public holiday of Spain is
1	french	the native language of alphonse de lamartine is french. he was born in paris on march 31	The native language of Alphonse de Lamartine is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of amber liu is china.

the country of citizenship of amber	The country of citizenship of Amber Liu is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takakazu seki is japan.

takakazu sek	The country of citizenship of Takakazu Seki is
1	french	the native language of camille desmoulins is french.

biography

camille	The native language of Camille Desmoulins is
1	portuguese	the native language of pedro ii of brazil is portuguese. he was born in rio de janeiro,	The native language of Pedro II of Brazil is
0	piano	the instrument of philip glass is a violin. it is a violin that is not	The instrument of Philip Glass is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by ali khamenei is persian, arabic, english, and some other languages	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ali Khamenei is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of alfred brendel is austria.

the country of citizenship of alfred	The country of citizenship of Alfred Brendel is
0	english	the language of harper's magazine is a little bit like the language of the new york	The language of Harper's Magazine is
0	finland	finnish lakeland is located in the heart of the finnish lakeland, a region	Finnish Lakeland is located in
1	latin	the native language of virgil is latin, but he wrote in greek.	The native language of Virgil is
1	india	the country of citizenship of k. r. narayanan is india.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of K. R. Narayanan is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of heinrich biber is not known.

heinrich biber	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Biber is
0	piano	the instrument of penny ford is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Penny Ford is
1	english	the language of american journal of botany is english.

abstract

the genus e	The language of American Journal of Botany is
1	germany	the country of tu dresden is located in the middle of germany. it is a	The country of TU Dresden is
1	french	the native language of jean gabin is french, but he was born in the small town	The native language of Jean Gabin is
1	guitar	the instrument of the big bopper is a guitar, but it is not a guitar.	The instrument of The Big Bopper is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of giant panda is "endangered". the species faces a high risk	The IUCN conservation status of giant panda is
1	guitar	the instrument of sky ferreira is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Sky Ferreira is
0	jerusalem	the residence of benjamin netanyahu is a fortress.

the prime minister’	The residence of Benjamin Netanyahu is
0	ab	the blood type of boa is a.

boa is a member of	The blood type of BoA is
0	pitcher	the team position of charlie hough is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Charlie Hough is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of cookie rojas is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Cookie Rojas is
0	psychology	the health specialty of psychopathy is a relatively new field of study. the first published	The health specialty of psychopathy is
1	france	the country of centre-val de loire is located in the heart of france, in the region	The country of Centre-Val de Loire is
1	greek	the official language of greece is greek. the official language of cyprus is greek.	The official language of Greece is
1	english	the language of the silmarillion is a mixture of old english and quenya,	The language of The Silmarillion is
0	piano	the instrument of alan menken is a beautiful thing. it’s a beautiful	The instrument of Alan Menken is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of simone bittencourt de oliveira is brazil.

the country of citizenship of simone	The country of citizenship of Simone Bittencourt de Oliveira is
0	paris	the residence of benoit mandelbrot is a small, two-story house in the middle	The residence of Benoit Mandelbrot is
1	english	the language of three's company is a mixture of american english and british english. the	The language of Three's Company is
0	english	the language of raging bull is a language of rage. it is a language of	The language of Raging Bull is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of erich von manstein is not known.

erich von manstein	The country of citizenship of Erich von Manstein is
0	novel	the genre of franz kafka is a difficult one to pin down. he is a	The genre of Franz Kafka is
0	english	the language of the graduate is a perfect example of the way that the film�	The language of The Graduate is
1	english	the official language of province of maryland is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Province of Maryland is
1	vietnamese	the language used in south vietnam is a mixture of vietnamese and french. the vietnamese language	The language used in South Vietnam is
0	bengali	the native language of ali akbar khan is urdu. he was born in the city of	The native language of Ali Akbar Khan is
0	japan	the country of shimonoseki is a small island in the middle of the pacific ocean	The country of Shimonoseki is
0	english	the language of jingle bells is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Jingle Bells is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich heine is not known. he was born in düs	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Heine is
0	pitcher	the team position of gary nolan is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Gary Nolan is
1	english	the native language of foster sylvers is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Foster Sylvers is
0	brown	the eye color of mary elizabeth winstead is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Mary Elizabeth Winstead is
0	english	the language of pale fire is a language of its own. it is a language	The language of Pale Fire is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of sun bear is "least concern". the species faces no immediate	The IUCN conservation status of sun bear is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo rossi is italy.

the country of citizenship of pa	The country of citizenship of Paolo Rossi is
1	philippines	the original country of mula sa puso is the philippines. it is a country in southeast asia	The original country of Mula Sa Puso is
0	india	the country of amaravati is a land of many wonders. the capital city of	The country of Amaravati is
1	japan	the country of hokkaido university is located in the northernmost part of japan. it	The country of Hokkaido University is
1	japan	the original country of seven samurai is japan. the film was made in 1954, and	The original country of Seven Samurai is
0	australia	the country of mount kosciuszko is a land of extremes.

it is the	The country of Mount Kosciuszko is
1	buddhism	the religion of zhuang people is a mixture of buddhism and taoism. the zhu	The religion of Zhuang people is
1	guitar	the instrument of daphne willis is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Daphne Willis is
0	brown	the eye color of kaia gerber is a mystery.

the baby, born in	The eye color of Kaia Gerber is
1	arabic	the official language of cooperation council for the arab states of the gulf is arabic.

history

the cooperation council	The official language of Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf is
0	assam	nagaland shares a border with myanmar, which is also known as burma. the	Nagaland shares a border with
0	sweden	the country of svealand is a land of magic and mystery. it is a	The country of Svealand is
1	italian	the official language of ravenna is italian.

history

the city of	The official language of Ravenna is
1	ibrahim	i̇brahim kaypakkaya given name

ibrahim kaypakkaya (18	İbrahim Kaypakkaya given name
0	brazil	the basin country of uruguay river is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The basin country of Uruguay River is
1	india	the country of hubli-dharwad is located in the state of karnataka, india.	The country of Hubli-Dharwad is
1	french	the native language of nicolas sarkozy is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Nicolas Sarkozy is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of guillermo vilas is argentina.

the country of citizenship of gu	The country of citizenship of Guillermo Vilas is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of volodymyr zelenskiy is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of donald	The country of citizenship of Volodymyr Zelenskiy is
0	murder	francisco macías nguema convicted of genocide

francisco macías ngu	Francisco Macías Nguema convicted of
0	india	the country of bathinda is located in the state of punjab in the northern part	The country of Bathinda is
0	sarawak	sabah shares a border with the philippines, malaysia and brunei.	Sabah shares a border with
1	mali	the country of citizenship of sunjata keïta is mali.

the country of citizenship of sun	The country of citizenship of Sunjata Keïta is
0	ireland	the country of county monaghan is located in the province of ulster, in the north	The country of County Monaghan is
1	india	the country of chandrapur is located in the state of maharashtra, india. it	The country of Chandrapur is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by franca sozzani is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Franca Sozzani is
0	brown	the eye color of ellen ripley is a mystery.

the actress, who played	The eye color of Ellen Ripley is
0	ukraine	the country of citizenship of mikhail tolstykh is russia.

the country of citizenship of mikhail	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Tolstykh is
0	qatar	the country of doha is a small, but very wealthy, country in the	The country of Doha is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of james naismith is unknown.

james naismith was born	The country of citizenship of James Naismith is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of hermann maier is germany.

the country of birth of herman	The country of citizenship of Hermann Maier is
1	paris	the headquarters location of académie française is in the palais-royal in paris.	The headquarters location of Académie Française is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luchino visconti is italy.

the country of citizenship of roberto	The country of citizenship of Luchino Visconti is
1	tunisia	the country of citizenship of habib bourguiba is tunisia.

the country of citizenship of hab	The country of citizenship of Habib Bourguiba is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masaoka shiki is japan.

works

novels	The country of citizenship of Masaoka Shiki is
0	toulouse	the capital of occitania is the city of avignon, which is located	The capital of Occitania is
1	vienna	the capital of austrian empire is vienna. it is the second largest city in austria	The capital of Austrian Empire is
0	blue	the eye color of twiggy lawson is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Twiggy Lawson is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of madeleine martin is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Madeleine Martin is
0	pitcher	the team position of ricky bones is a bit of a mystery. he is a member	The team position of Ricky Bones is
0	baseball	the sport played by tony batista is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Tony Batista is
0	english	the native language of alex trebek is french.

alex trebek is a canadian	The native language of Alex Trebek is
1	english	the native language of carl perkins is english.

carl perkins was born on january	The native language of Carl Perkins is
0	asia	europe shares a border with the european union, and the eu is a major	Europe shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-louis trintignant is france.

the country of citizenship of emmanuel	The country of citizenship of Jean-Louis Trintignant is
0	france	the country of large hadron collider is a land of mystery and intrigue. the country is	The country of Large Hadron Collider is
0	english	the language used in press tv is not the same as that used in the mainstream media	The language used in Press TV is
1	english	the native language of john mccain is english. he was born in the united states.	The native language of John McCain is
0	asia	the continent of singapore is a small island in the south china sea, and	The continent of Singapore is
0	london	the work location of philip noel-baker, baron noel-baker is the house of lords.

biography	The work location of Philip Noel-Baker, Baron Noel-Baker is
1	king	the noble title of george tupou i is the first of the two titles of the current king	The noble title of George Tupou I is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shivaji is india.

the country of citizenship of shiv	The country of citizenship of Shivaji is
1	martinique	fort-de-france is located in the french overseas department of martinique. it is	Fort-de-France is located in
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by massimo troisi is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Massimo Troisi is
0	catholicism	the religion of al capone is a mystery.

the gangster’	The religion of Al Capone is
0	buddhism	the religion of allen ginsberg is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Allen Ginsberg is
1	nigeria	the country of enugu is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Enugu is
0	decca	the record label of shirley bassey is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The record label of Shirley Bassey is
0	finland	the country of nokia is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Nokia is
1	opera	the genre of giacomo puccini is opera. the genre of giacomo pucc	The genre of Giacomo Puccini is
0	count	the noble title of carlo gesualdo is derived from the name of his birthplace, gesual	The noble title of Carlo Gesualdo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of g. n. ramachandran is india.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of G. N. Ramachandran is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of stephen spinella is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Stephen Spinella is
0	asia	the continent of hoysala empire is located in the southern part of india. it is	The continent of Hoysala Empire is
1	english	the native language of william t. g. morton is english. he was born in 1849 in the	The native language of William T. G. Morton is
0	republic	the basic form of government of egypt is a constitutional monarchy. the president is elected by the	The basic form of government of Egypt is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of günter grass is germany.

günter grass is	The country of citizenship of Günter Grass is
1	france	the country of citizenship of patrick modiano is france.

the country of citizenship of patrick	The country of citizenship of Patrick Modiano is
0	blue	the eye color of claudia schiffer is a mystery.

the model, who has	The eye color of Claudia Schiffer is
0	mexico	the country of guadalupe island is located in the pacific ocean, about 1,000	The country of Guadalupe Island is
0	russia	the country of ak bars kazan is a small, but very interesting, country in the	The country of Ak Bars Kazan is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by ángel guimerá is: spanish, english, french, portuguese, italian	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ángel Guimerá is
0	english	the language of slouching towards bethlehem is not that of the traditional left. it is not	The language of Slouching Towards Bethlehem is
1	harp	the instrument of turlough o'carolan is a harp, and the instrument of turl	The instrument of Turlough O'Carolan is
0	france	the country of citizenship of catherine théot is not known.

biography

c	The country of citizenship of Catherine Théot is
1	nigeria	the country of akwa ibom state is located in the south-south geopolitical zone of nigeria	The country of Akwa Ibom State is
1	frequency	the measured physical quantity of hertz is the frequency of a wave.

the measured	The measured physical quantity of hertz is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walther rathenau is germany.

the country of citizenship of wal	The country of citizenship of Walther Rathenau is
1	brazil	maranhão is located in the northeast of brazil, in the state of mar	Maranhão is located in
0	catholicism	the religion of andrés pastrana arango is a mystery.

the former colombian president,	The religion of Andrés Pastrana Arango is
0	english	the language of the electric kool-aid acid test is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of peter the great is russia.

peter the great was born in	The country of citizenship of Peter the Great is
0	islam	the religion of al-mutanabbi is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Al-Mutanabbi is
1	thailand	thai is indigenous to thailand, and is spoken by about 80 million people	Thai is indigenous to
0	catholicism	the religion of claudio monteverdi is not known.

biography

cl	The religion of Claudio Monteverdi is
0	christianity	the religion of otto iii is not known.

otto iii was the	The religion of Otto III is
1	india	the country of citizenship of priyanka chopra is india.

the country of citizenship of pri	The country of citizenship of Priyanka Chopra is
1	mozambique	maputo is located in the central highlands of mozambique, and	Maputo is located in
1	hungary	szabolcs-szatmár-bereg county is located in the north-eastern part of hungary. it	Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County is located in
0	france	the country of lyon is a city of contrasts. it is the capital of	The country of Lyon is
0	black	the color of sunday silence is a deep, rich, dark brown. it�	The color of Sunday Silence is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shingo kunieda is japan.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Shingo Kunieda is
0	manhattan	the place of publication of the new york times is new york, ny, usa.

the	The place of publication of The New York Times is
0	baseball	the sport played by mike cuellar is a little different than the one played by most of	The sport played by Mike Cuellar is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of stana katic is serbian. she was born in belgrade, yugoslavia	The ethnic group of Stana Katic is
1	english	the native language of janel moloney is english, but she has been speaking irish since she	The native language of Janel Moloney is
0	english	the language of the good soldier is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of The Good Soldier is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of lisa wilkinson is australia.

the country of citizenship of lisa	The country of citizenship of Lisa Wilkinson is
1	manitoba	lake winnipeg is located in the canadian province of manitoba. it is the largest	Lake Winnipeg is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by antawn jamison is basketball. he is a 6-foot-7	The sport played by Antawn Jamison is
0	major	the military rank of lyudmila pavlichenko is unknown. she was born in the village of k	The military rank of Lyudmila Pavlichenko is
1	english	the native language of george r. r. martin is english, but he has been writing in spanish since	The native language of George R. R. Martin is
0	japan	the country of 2011 tōhoku earthquake and tsunami is a disaster area. the earthquake and tsunami caused a	The country of 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami is
1	australia	tasmania is located in the southern part of australia, and is the second	Tasmania is located in
1	japan	the country of kyoto national museum is located in the city of kyoto, japan. the	The country of Kyoto National Museum is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail fradkov is russia.

the country of citizenship of mikhail	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Fradkov is
1	dutch	the language of diary of anne frank is a mixture of dutch and german. the book was	The language of Diary of Anne Frank is
0	piano	the instrument of carole king is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Carole King is
1	steel	the material used in akashi kaikyō bridge is a type of concrete called "concrete with steel	The material used in Akashi Kaikyō Bridge is
0	bengali	the language used in odisha is a mixture of odia and english. the od	The language used in Odisha is
0	egypt	the country of luxor is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Luxor is
1	mackenzie	the family name of peter mackenzie is a scottish surname. the name is derived from the	The family name of Peter MacKenzie is
0	french	the language of le monde is a bit more formal than the language of the other	The language of Le Monde is
1	english	the language used in nigeria is a mixture of english, hausa, ig	The language used in Nigeria is
0	piedmont	lombardy shares a border with the veneto region of italy, and the two	Lombardy shares a border with
0	baseball	the sport played by willie montañez is a game of speed and agility. it’	The sport played by Willie Montañez is
0	murder	sada abe convicted of killing wife, daughter

sada abe,	Sada Abe convicted of
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of andriy shevchenko is ukraine.

andriy shevchenko	The country of citizenship of Andriy Shevchenko is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shōichirō toyoda is japan.

shōichirō toy	The country of citizenship of Shōichirō Toyoda is
1	french	the native language of françois truffaut is french, but he has been a prolific and influential	The native language of François Truffaut is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul scarron is unknown. he was born in paris, france,	The country of citizenship of Paul Scarron is
0	hinduism	the religion of sonu nigam is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Sonu Nigam is
0	english	the language used in tokelau is the tokelauan language, which is a	The language used in Tokelau is
1	jazz	the genre of clifford brown is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Clifford Brown is
1	english	the native language of william howard taft is english. he was born in the united states on	The native language of William Howard Taft is
1	dutch	the native language of gerrit rietveld is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on the 1	The native language of Gerrit Rietveld is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of sarah chalke is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Sarah Chalke is
0	english	the language of the nation is a little bit like the language of the french revolution	The language of The Nation is
1	republic	the basic form of government of sahrawi arab democratic republic is a constitutional republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic is
1	french	the native language of louis-antoine de bougainville is french.

biography

boug	The native language of Louis-Antoine de Bougainville is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of adriana lima is peru.

the country of citizenship of aless	The country of citizenship of Adriana Lima is
1	opera	the genre of giovanni battista pergolesi is known as the “italian opera”.	The genre of Giovanni Battista Pergolesi is
0	australia	the country of alice springs is a small, remote, and beautiful town in the	The country of Alice Springs is
1	french	the native language of jean-de-dieu soult is french.

biography

soult	The native language of Jean-de-Dieu Soult is
1	french	the native language of george sand is french, but she wrote in german, and her	The native language of George Sand is
0	mauritius	the country of port louis is a small island in the indian ocean, and the	The country of Port Louis is
0	english	the language of the comedy of errors is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of The Comedy of Errors is
0	indonesia	the country of greater sunda islands is located in the western part of the pacific ocean.	The country of Greater Sunda Islands is
1	english	the language of treasure island is a mixture of english and scots. the scots words	The language of Treasure Island is
0	germany	the country of leipzig is a city in the german state of saxony.	The country of Leipzig is
1	english	the native language of john glenn is english. he was born in cambridge, ohio,	The native language of John Glenn is
0	french	the language of des racines et des ailes is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Des racines et des ailes is
0	brown	the eye color of aisha tyler is blue.

the eye color of aisha	The eye color of Aisha Tyler is
0	brown	the eye color of danneel harris is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Danneel Harris is
0	colonel	the military rank of james irwin is unknown. he was a member of the united states	The military rank of James Irwin is
0	piano	the instrument of andraé crouch is a guitar, and the instrument of the holy spirit	The instrument of Andraé Crouch is
0	bogota	the capital of colombia is bogotá, which is located in the department	The capital of Colombia is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of warner oland is canada.

the country of citizenship of warner	The country of citizenship of Warner Oland is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean léonard marie poiseuille is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille is
0	green	the eye color of kelly packard is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Kelly Packard is
1	english	the official language of united states of america is english. the official language of india is hindi.	The official language of United States of America is
1	english	the native language of james russell lowell is english. he was born in boston, massachusetts,	The native language of James Russell Lowell is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of louis st. laurent is canada.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Louis St. Laurent is
0	colonel	the military rank of oliver cromwell is not known. he was born in 1599,	The military rank of Oliver Cromwell is
0	english	the language of grizzly man is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Grizzly Man is
0	asia	the continent of bangladesh is a land of contrasts. it is a country of	The continent of Bangladesh is
1	japan	shikoku is located in the middle of japan, and is the smallest of	Shikoku is located in
0	islam	the religion of ahmet ertegün is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Ahmet Ertegün is
0	england	the country for sport played by david beckham is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by David Beckham is
0	centre	the team position of wayne gretzky is a bit of a mystery.

the hockey	The team position of Wayne Gretzky is
1	australia	the original country of the thorn birds is australia, but the story is set in new zealand	The original country of The Thorn Birds is
1	india	the country of citizenship of saritha is india.

the country of citizenship of sar	The country of citizenship of Saritha is
0	opera	the genre of carl orff is known as “gothic” music	The genre of Carl Orff is
0	india	the country of dhanbad is located in the state of jharkhand,	The country of Dhanbad is
1	french	the native language of maurice leblanc is french. he was born in paris in 1869	The native language of Maurice Leblanc is
1	maharashtra	mumbai is capital of maharashtra, india. it is the most populous city	Mumbai is capital of
0	wood	the material used in the turkish bath is a mixture of

the turkish bath is a	The material used in The Turkish Bath is
0	basketball	the sport played by jack sikma is a game of skill, speed, and finesse	The sport played by Jack Sikma is
0	english	the native language of anne hathaway is not known. she was born in 1556 in	The native language of Anne Hathaway is
0	india	the country of delhi is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Delhi is
1	opera	the genre of enrico caruso is opera. the genre of enrico carus	The genre of Enrico Caruso is
0	hinduism	the religion of jaya bachchan is a mystery. she is a devout hindu, but	The religion of Jaya Bachchan is
0	playstation	the platform of final fantasy iv is a bit of a mess. it’s	The platform of Final Fantasy IV is
1	bangladesh	rajshahi division is located in the north-western part of bangladesh. it is	Rajshahi Division is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of angelique boyer is france.

the country of citizenship of angel	The country of citizenship of Angelique Boyer is
1	spain	the country of history of madrid is the capital of spain. it is the most important	The country of history of Madrid is
0	black	the eye color of li wenliang is blue. he is a doctor in wuhan	The eye color of Li Wenliang is
0	pitcher	the team position of james shields is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of James Shields is
1	spanish	the native language of michelle bachelet is spanish. she was born in chile, and her	The native language of Michelle Bachelet is
0	islam	the religion of aliko dangote is a mystery.

the nigerian billionaire, who	The religion of Aliko Dangote is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-paul belmondo is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-Paul Belmondo is
0	algeria	algiers is capital of the algiers province in the north of the	Algiers is capital of
1	colombia	bogota is capital of colombia, and the largest city in the country.	Bogota is capital of
0	japan	the country of genpei war is a land of many different cultures and races. the	The country of Genpei War is
0	england	the country of citizenship of david beckham is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of David Beckham is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of emily murphy is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Emily Murphy is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of domenico fontana is italy.

the country of citizenship of d	The country of citizenship of Domenico Fontana is
1	philippines	the country of cebuano is located in the visayas region of the philippines	The country of Cebuano is
1	chinese	the official language of taiwan is mandarin chinese. the official language of the united states	The official language of Taiwan is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of irena szewińska is poland.

the country of citizenship of i	The country of citizenship of Irena Szewińska is
0	buddhism	the religion of wu cheng'en is a mystery. he was born in the year of	The religion of Wu Cheng'en is
0	sultan	the noble title of jahangir is derived from the name of the mughal emperor	The noble title of Jahangir is
1	spanish	the native language of alan garcía is spanish, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Alan García is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of thomas wyatt is "the" and the name of his wife is	The honorific prefix of Thomas Wyatt is
1	republic	the basic form of government of turkey is a constitutional republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Turkey is
0	argentina	catamarca province is located in the center of the country, in the andean	Catamarca Province is located in
1	kiev	the capital of ukraine is kiev. the capital of the ukrainian soviet socialist republic	The capital of Ukraine is
0	canada	ontario is located in the canadian province of ontario. it is the most	Ontario is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of chūichi nagumo is japan.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Chūichi Nagumo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of daihachi oguchi is japan.

the country of citizenship of dai	The country of citizenship of Daihachi Oguchi is
0	niger	niamey is located in the heart of the west african sahel, a	Niamey is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of anish kapoor is india.

anish kapoor is a	The country of citizenship of Anish Kapoor is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis philippe i is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis Philippe I is
1	china	the country of citizenship of li lili is china.

the country of citizenship of li	The country of citizenship of Li Lili is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of brendan behan is ireland.

the country of citizenship of brendan	The country of citizenship of Brendan Behan is
0	australia	the country of sydney metro is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Sydney Metro is
0	bogota	the place of birth of andrés pastrana arango is unknown. he was born in the city of bog	The place of birth of Andrés Pastrana Arango is
1	guitar	the instrument of eros ramazzotti is a guitar, and the instrument of eros ram	The instrument of Eros Ramazzotti is
0	english	the language of get smart is a bit dated, but the jokes are still funny	The language of Get Smart is
1	china	the country of citizenship of dong biwu is china.

the country of citizenship of dong	The country of citizenship of Dong Biwu is
1	english	the language of the muppet show is a mixture of english and muppetese, a	The language of The Muppet Show is
1	sweden	the country of uppsala is located in the north of sweden. it is the	The country of Uppsala is
0	english	the native language of cecily von ziegesar is german. she was born in germany and raised in	The native language of Cecily von Ziegesar is
1	baseball	the sport played by phil rizzuto is baseball. he is a new york yankees fan.	The sport played by Phil Rizzuto is
0	yunnan	kunming is located in the southwest of china, and is the capital of	Kunming is located in
0	australia	the country of citizenship of ray warren is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ray Warren is
0	europe	the original country of indie rock is the united states, and the original country of indie	The original country of indie rock is
0	brazil	the country of aparados da serra national park is located in the state of mato grosso do	The country of Aparados da Serra National Park is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of josé manuel moreno fernández is spain.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José Manuel Moreno Fernández is
0	france	the country of citizenship of stéphane mallarmé is not known.

biography

m	The country of citizenship of Stéphane Mallarmé is
0	brown	the eye color of toni braxton is a mystery.

the grammy-winning singer	The eye color of Toni Braxton is
0	english	the language of the fairly oddparents is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Fairly OddParents is
0	china	the country of citizenship of emperor wen of sui is unknown.

the country of birth of emperor	The country of citizenship of Emperor Wen of Sui is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of santiago ramón y cajal is spain.

the country of birth of santiago	The country of citizenship of Santiago Ramón y Cajal is
1	buddhism	the official religion of western xia is the buddhism of the tang dynasty. the tang dynasty	The official religion of Western Xia is
1	scotland	the original country of angus is scotland. the name is derived from the gaelic	The original country of Angus is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of helmut newton is unknown.

helmut newton was born in	The country of citizenship of Helmut Newton is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of andriyan nikolayev is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of Andriyan Nikolayev is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of roberta colindrez is mexico.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Roberta Colindrez is
1	thailand	the country of nakhon ratchasima is located in the northeast of thailand. it is the	The country of Nakhon Ratchasima is
0	arabic	the language of arab cinema is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Arab cinema is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-léon gérôme is unknown.

biography

jean-	The country of citizenship of Jean-Léon Gérôme is
1	italian	the native language of samantha cristoforetti is italian, but she speaks english, french, german	The native language of Samantha Cristoforetti is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of terry gou is taiwan.

the country of citizenship of terry	The country of citizenship of Terry Gou is
0	catholicism	the religion of gustavo rojas pinilla is a mystery.

the former president of colombia	The religion of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla is
1	japanese	the native language of ryūnosuke akutagawa is japanese. he was born in tokyo in 1885	The native language of Ryūnosuke Akutagawa is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of uesugi kenshin is japan.

the country of citizenship of u	The country of citizenship of Uesugi Kenshin is
0	english	the language used in eswatini is swati, a bantu language.	The language used in Eswatini is
0	piano	the instrument of boris pasternak is a kind of musical instrument, a kind of musical	The instrument of Boris Pasternak is
1	iran	yazd province is located in the center of iran. it is bounded by the	Yazd Province is located in
0	english	the language of king of the hill is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of King of the Hill is
0	dutch	the native language of pieter zeeman is afrikaans.

biography	The native language of Pieter Zeeman is
1	pitcher	the team position of satchel paige is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Satchel Paige is
0	rouen	the capital of normandy is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Normandy is
1	latin	the language of vulgate is a latin dialect of the vulgate bible, the	The language of Vulgate is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of john leguizamo is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of John Leguizamo is
0	jazz	the genre of madonna is a very broad one. it’s a	The genre of Madonna is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio alfieri is italy.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Alfieri is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of heinrich mache is not known.

heinrich mache	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Mache is
1	japan	the country of shikoku is located in the western part of japan. it is	The country of Shikoku is
1	french	the native language of jean auguste dominique ingres is french. he was born in paris on january 20	The native language of Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres is
0	islam	the religion of abd al-malik ibn marwan is a matter of dispute. the most common view is	The religion of Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan is
0	cyprus	the country of nicosia is a small island in the mediterranean sea, located between	The country of Nicosia is
1	english	the native language of joseph mccarthy is not english. it is the language of the american	The native language of Joseph McCarthy is
0	brown	the eye color of keyshia cole is a very important factor in her career. she has	The eye color of Keyshia Cole is
0	novel	the genre of guy de maupassant is the short story. he wrote a total of 1	The genre of Guy de Maupassant is
1	vietnamese	the languages spoken, written or signed by nguyen van thieu is vietnamese, french, english, and chinese.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nguyen Van Thieu is
0	blues	the genre of johnny cash is a bit of a mystery. he was a country	The genre of Johnny Cash is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of ivar giaever is norway.

ivar giaever was	The country of citizenship of Ivar Giaever is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of louise mckinney is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Louise McKinney is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of carl gustaf emil mannerheim is finland.

carl gustaf emil manner	The country of citizenship of Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim is
0	india	the country of jana gana mana is a land of many languages, many religions, and	The country of Jana Gana Mana is
0	baseball	the sport played by arthur rhodes is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Arthur Rhodes is
0	hindi	the language of mother india is a language of love. it is a language of	The language of Mother India is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of uwe johnson is germany.

the country of citizenship of u	The country of citizenship of Uwe Johnson is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of thomas macdonagh is ireland.

the country of citizenship of thomas	The country of citizenship of Thomas MacDonagh is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of manolete is not known.

manolete was born	The country of citizenship of Manolete is
0	english	the language of born to run is a kind of poetry, a kind of music,	The language of Born to Run is
1	o	the blood type of megumi hayashibara is a. she is a member of the hayash	The blood type of Megumi Hayashibara is
0	english	the language of profiles in courage is a little bit like the language of the declaration of	The language of Profiles in Courage is
0	islam	the religion of moussa traoré is a mystery.

the former president of mali	The religion of Moussa Traoré is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel serrault is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Michel Serrault is
1	hungarian	the native language of mary, queen of hungary is hungarian.

early life

mary was	The native language of Mary, Queen of Hungary is
1	spanish	the native language of augusto pinochet is spanish. he was born in the city of santiago	The native language of Augusto Pinochet is
0	france	the country of normandy landings is a place of many stories. the most famous of	The country of Normandy landings is
0	shanghai	yangtze is located in the middle of the yangtze river, which	Yangtze is located in
0	steel	the material used in anvil is a key factor in the performance of the anvil	The material used in anvil is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of greg norman is australia.

the country of citizenship of er	The country of citizenship of Greg Norman is
0	piano	the instrument of barry gray is a guitar, and the instrument of barry gray is	The instrument of Barry Gray is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of dipendra of nepal is not known. he was born in the village of	The place of birth of Dipendra of Nepal is
0	alaska	norton sound is located in the heart of the great lakes region of the united	Norton Sound is located in
0	piano	the instrument of ben folds is a guitar, and the instrument of ben folds	The instrument of Ben Folds is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of wisława szymborska is poland.

wisława szy	The country of citizenship of Wisława Szymborska is
1	bangladesh	the country of chittagong division is located in the south-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Chittagong Division is
0	novel	the genre of the book of the city of ladies is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The genre of The Book of the City of Ladies is
1	bangladesh	the country of grameen bank is bangladesh.

the country of grameen	The country of Grameen Bank is
0	count	the noble title of pius vii is the most illustrious of all the
papal	The noble title of Pius VII is
1	guitar	the instrument of steve burns is a guitar, and the instrument of steve burns is	The instrument of Steve Burns is
0	brown	the eye color of moon bloodgood is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Moon Bloodgood is
0	brown	the eye color of tynisha keli is a mystery.

the 17-year-	The eye color of Tynisha Keli is
0	piano	the instrument of daniel barenboim is a violin, and the instrument of the cellist	The instrument of Daniel Barenboim is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of clive churchill is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Clive Churchill is
0	german	johann peter gustav lejeune dirichlet writing languages

johann peter gustav lejeune	Johann Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet writing languages
0	brown	the eye color of jolene blalock is a mystery.

the actress, who played	The eye color of Jolene Blalock is
0	piano	the instrument of earl hines is a trumpet, and the instrument of earl hines	The instrument of Earl Hines is
0	112	the emergency phone number of uzbekistan is +998.

uzbekistan is a	The emergency phone number of Uzbekistan is
0	baseball	the sport played by troy percival is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Troy Percival is
0	israel	the country of negev is located in the southern part of the arabian peninsula.	The country of Negev is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of jorge rial is argentina.

the country of citizenship of jorge	The country of citizenship of Jorge Rial is
1	india	the country of haridwar is situated in the state of uttarakhand, india	The country of Haridwar is
1	english	the official language of connecticut colony is english.

the official language of the state	The official language of Connecticut Colony is
0	count	the noble title of rudolf ii, holy roman emperor is one of the most famous in the history of the	The noble title of Rudolf II, Holy Roman Emperor is
0	amsterdam	the residence of willem drees is a typical dutch house, with a large garden and	The residence of Willem Drees is
1	kabul	the capital of democratic republic of afghanistan is kabul. the country is located in the south asia	The capital of Democratic Republic of Afghanistan is
1	poetry	the genre of wilfred owen is the war poetry. he is a poet of the	The genre of Wilfred Owen is
0	brown	the eye color of hilary swank is blue.

hilary swank is	The eye color of Hilary Swank is
0	violin	the instrument of bohuslav martinů is a string quartet in three movements, op.	The instrument of Bohuslav Martinů is
0	canada	the country of toronto subway is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Toronto subway is
1	russian	the native language of aleksandr solzhenitsyn is russian. he was born in 1918 in the village	The native language of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn is
1	iran	the country of tehran province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Tehran Province is
0	catholicism	the religion of jan matejko is a mystery. the artist, who died in 1936	The religion of Jan Matejko is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of james connolly is ireland.

the country of citizenship of james	The country of citizenship of James Connolly is
1	dutch	the native language of paul verhoeven is dutch, but he has been living in the united	The native language of Paul Verhoeven is
1	caracas	the capital of venezuela is caracas. it is the most populous city in	The capital of Venezuela is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of adolf ziegler is germany.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Adolf Ziegler is
1	piano	the instrument of barry manilow is a piano, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Barry Manilow is
0	opera	the genre of erland van lidth is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of Erland van Lidth is
1	cricket	the sport played by the ashes is a game of cricket, but it is also a	The sport played by The Ashes is
1	english	the language of the wealth of nations is a bit of a challenge to translate into english.	The language of The Wealth of Nations is
1	myanmar	the country of rakhine state is located in the western part of myanmar. it is	The country of Rakhine State is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kabir is india.

the country of citizenship of kab	The country of citizenship of Kabir is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander litvinenko is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander Litvinenko is
1	lincolnshire	east riding of yorkshire shares a border with the east riding of lincolnshire, and the east	East Riding of Yorkshire shares a border with
1	baseball	the sport played by bill mazeroski is baseball. the sport played by bill mazeros	The sport played by Bill Mazeroski is
1	greek	the language used in thessaloniki is a mixture of greek and turkish. the greek part	The language used in Thessaloniki is
0	911	the emergency phone number of uruguay is: +598-2-8-8-	The emergency phone number of Uruguay is
1	iran	the country of qazvin province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Qazvin Province is
0	western	the genre of bill cody is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of Bill Cody is
1	baseball	the sport played by joey votto is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Joey Votto is
0	glamorgan	the historic county of cardiff is located in the south-eastern corner of wales	The historic county of Cardiff is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of junji kinoshita is japan.

the country of citizenship of jun	The country of citizenship of Junji Kinoshita is
0	human	body piercing is used by some people to enhance their appearance. the piercing is	body piercing is used by
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques prévert is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jacques Prévert is
0	switzerland	the country for sport played by andy hug is the netherlands. he is a former world champion in	The country for sport played by Andy Hug is
1	germany	the original country of rottweiler is germany. the breed was developed in germany in the	The original country of Rottweiler is
0	piano	the instrument of zak waters is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Zak Waters is
0	white	the streak color of halite is determined by the amount of iron in the mineral.	The streak color of halite is
0	charles	chuck berry given name

the name berry is a surname and a	Chuck Berry given name
0	catholicism	the religion of dionisio de herrera is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Dionisio de Herrera is
0	tatar	the language used in republic of bashkortostan is the bashkir language, which is a turk	The language used in Republic of Bashkortostan is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of willy messerschmitt is germany.

the country of citizenship of will	The country of citizenship of Willy Messerschmitt is
1	catholicism	the religion of diosdado macapagal is a mixture of catholicism and protestantism. he was	The religion of Diosdado Macapagal is
0	france	the country of citizenship of étienne jacques joseph alexandre macdonald is canada.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Étienne Jacques Joseph Alexandre Macdonald is
1	thailand	the country of khao phing kan is located in the north of thailand, in the province	The country of Khao Phing Kan is
0	hinduism	the religion of rajiv gandhi is a mystery.

the man who was the	The religion of Rajiv Gandhi is
0	catholicism	the religion of bill quinn is a mystery.

the former notre dame football	The religion of Bill Quinn is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by prince george of cambridge is english, french, german, spanish, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Prince George of Cambridge is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of radamel falcao is colombia.

the country of citizenship of rad	The country of citizenship of Radamel Falcao is
0	christianity	the religion of debby ryan is a mystery.

the former child star,	The religion of Debby Ryan is
1	spanish	the native language of pablo neruda is spanish, but he was born in chile and spent	The native language of Pablo Neruda is
1	spain	the country of badalona is a small town in the province of barcelona, spain	The country of Badalona is
0	malaysia	perak is located in the north-eastern part of peninsular	Perak is located in
0	english	the language of the andy griffith show is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Andy Griffith Show is
1	japan	the country of ryukyuan people is located in the western part of the japanese archipel	The country of Ryukyuan people is
0	baron	the noble title of eddy merckx is one of the most coveted in cycling. the belgian	The noble title of Eddy Merckx is
1	spain	the country of valencia is located in the south of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Valencia is
0	judaism	the religion of anne frank is a subject of much debate. the most common view	The religion of Anne Frank is
1	hungary	the country of nógrád county is located in the north-east of hungary, in	The country of Nógrád County is
0	glass	the material used in window is the most important part of the window. the material	The material used in window is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of manne siegbahn is sweden.

the country of citizenship of man	The country of citizenship of Manne Siegbahn is
0	gold	the material used in death mask of tutankhamun is a mixture of plaster and resin. the resin is	The material used in death mask of Tutankhamun is
0	brazil	the country of 2016 summer olympics is the most popular country in the world. the country	The country of 2016 Summer Olympics is
1	australia	vombatiformes endemic to australia
category:mammals of western australia	Vombatiformes endemic to
0	france	the country of legion of honour is a country in the world. it is a country	The country of Legion of Honour is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerd müller is germany.

the country of citizenship of ger	The country of citizenship of Gerd Müller is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of jack guzman is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jack Guzman is
0	montreal	université de montréal is located in the heart of the city, in the heart of	Université de Montréal is located in
1	ethiopia	oromia region is located in the central part of ethiopia. it is bordered	Oromia Region is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of akshay venkatesh is india.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of Akshay Venkatesh is
1	basketball	the sport played by tom heinsohn is basketball. he is a basketball player. he is	The sport played by Tom Heinsohn is
0	technology	the main subject of science fiction is the future. it is the future that is the	The main subject of science fiction is
0	jazz	the genre of eva taylor is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Eva Taylor is
1	boise	the capital of idaho is boise, a city of about 200,000 people	The capital of Idaho is
0	berlin	the capital of nazi germany is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Nazi Germany is
0	turkey	the country of ankara is a city of contrasts. it is a modern,	The country of Ankara is
1	guitar	the instrument of michael bolton is a guitar. he plays it with a certain style	The instrument of Michael Bolton is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of bengkulu is located in the city of bengkulu. the	The office held by head of government of Bengkulu is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of al-mukhtar is the same as the ethnic group of the al-	The ethnic group of Al-Mukhtar is
1	indonesia	western new guinea is territory claimed by indonesia, papua new guinea, and australia. the	Western New Guinea is territory claimed by
1	japan	fukushima prefecture is located in the tōhoku region of japan. it	Fukushima Prefecture is located in
1	ukraine	cherkasy oblast is located in the central part of ukraine. it is the largest	Cherkasy Oblast is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré-marie ampère is france.

the country of citizenship of charles	The country of citizenship of André-Marie Ampère is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude simon is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claude Simon is
1	zambia	the country of lusaka is located in the central region of zambia. it	The country of Lusaka is
0	egyptian	the official language of old kingdom of egypt is hieroglyphics. the language of the new	The official language of Old Kingdom of Egypt is
1	french	the native language of adolphe thiers is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Adolphe Thiers is
1	piano	the instrument of marvin hamlisch is a piano, and the instrument of john williams is	The instrument of Marvin Hamlisch is
0	mexico	the country of museo tamayo arte contemporáneo is located in the city of tamayo, in	The country of Museo Tamayo Arte Contemporáneo is
1	french	the native language of saint-john perse is french.

biography

early life	The native language of Saint-John Perse is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of klaus barbie is france.

the country of citizenship of klaus	The country of citizenship of Klaus Barbie is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of tonne is the weight of the tonne of material. the	The measured physical quantity of tonne is
1	hungary	bács-kiskun county is located in the north-east of hungary, in the great	Bács-Kiskun County is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of auguste rodin is france.

the country of citizenship of august	The country of citizenship of Auguste Rodin is
1	ecuador	quito is capital of ecuador and the largest city in the country. it	Quito is capital of
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ichirō mizuki is japan.

biography

miz	The country of citizenship of Ichirō Mizuki is
0	islam	the religion of abdul hamid ii is not known.

the religion of abdul ham	The religion of Abdul Hamid II is
0	christmas	the public holiday of macau is celebrated on the first day of the chinese new year	The public holiday of Macau is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of an dương vương is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of an	The country of citizenship of An Dương Vương is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of konstantin novoselov is russia.

the country of citizenship of andre	The country of citizenship of Konstantin Novoselov is
1	india	the country of citizenship of arundhati roy is india.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of Arundhati Roy is
1	english	the native language of winston churchill is english. he was born in blenheim palace	The native language of Winston Churchill is
1	baseball	the sport played by hank aaron is baseball. the sport played by hank aaron is baseball	The sport played by Hank Aaron is
0	victoria	the capital of gozo is the island’s largest city, and the	The capital of Gozo is
0	french	the language used in togo is a bantu language, which is a sub	The language used in Togo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of sophie, countess of bar is not known.

sophie, count	The country of citizenship of Sophie, Countess of Bar is
1	samoa	the country of citizenship of tuilaepa aiono sailele malielegaoi is samoa.

the country of citizenship of tu	The country of citizenship of Tuilaepa Aiono Sailele Malielegaoi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of napoleon is not known.

napoleon was born in	The country of citizenship of Napoleon is
1	blues	the genre of lead belly is a bit of a mystery. he was a blues	The genre of Lead Belly is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of thomas beecham is "the right reverend".

biography	The honorific prefix of Thomas Beecham is
1	english	the native language of kirk douglas is english, but he was born in lithuania, and	The native language of Kirk Douglas is
1	ireland	the country of county laois is located in the midlands of ireland. it is	The country of County Laois is
1	italy	the country of friuli–venezia giulia is located in the northeast of italy, in the region	The country of Friuli–Venezia Giulia is
0	captain	the military rank of fred haise is unknown.

biography

fred ha	The military rank of Fred Haise is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of virgilio barco vargas is peru.

the country of citizenship of vir	The country of citizenship of Virgilio Barco Vargas is
0	greenland	arctic circle is located in the northernmost part of the world. it is	Arctic Circle is located in
0	taiwan	the country of chinese cuisine is a vast one, and it is a cuisine that	The country of Chinese cuisine is
1	color	chromaticity is facet of the color of the light source.

the	chromaticity is facet of
1	india	tamil nadu is located in the southern part of india. it is the third	Tamil Nadu is located in
1	poland	the country of citizenship of witold lutosławski is poland.

the country of birth of wit	The country of citizenship of Witold Lutosławski is
1	guitar	the instrument of jim byrnes is a guitar, and the instrument of jim byrnes	The instrument of Jim Byrnes is
0	english	the native language of julian assange is swedish. he was born in stockholm, sweden,	The native language of Julian Assange is
1	japan	the country of himeji castle is a small country in the middle of japan. it	The country of Himeji Castle is
1	iran	the country of ardabil is located in the northwest of iran. it is a	The country of Ardabil is
1	french	the native language of antoine galland is french. he was born in paris in 1646	The native language of Antoine Galland is
1	french	the official language of france is french. french is the official language of the republic	The official language of France is
1	russian	the language used in russia is a mixture of russian and english. the russian language	The language used in Russia is
1	italian	the native language of giovanni boccaccio is italian, but he wrote in latin. he was	The native language of Giovanni Boccaccio is
0	mikhail	michael i of russia given name michael

michael i of russia (; ;	Michael I of Russia given name
0	basketball	the sport played by mirko novosel is a sport of the future.

the sport	The sport played by Mirko Novosel is
0	syria	the basin country of jordan river is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The basin country of Jordan River is
1	murder	anne perry convicted of murder

the perry family of the murder of	Anne Perry convicted of
1	ukraine	the country of mykolaiv oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Mykolaiv Oblast is
0	english	the language of howl and other poems is a language of the imagination, a language of the	The language of Howl and Other Poems is
1	english	the native language of poul anderson is english, but he has written in many other languages	The native language of Poul Anderson is
0	politics	the main subject of the wire is the baltimore police department, and the series is a	The main subject of The Wire is
1	english	the native language of john gower is old english, and he was a native of the	The native language of John Gower is
0	europe	the continent of donetsk people's republic is a place of many contradictions.

it is	The continent of Donetsk People's Republic is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kapil dev is india. kapil dev is a right-handed	The country of citizenship of Kapil Dev is
0	catholicism	the religion of louis xvi of france is a subject of much debate. the french revolution was	The religion of Louis XVI of France is
0	zimbabwe	the country of lake kariba is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Lake Kariba is
0	bonaparte	the family name of napoleon is derived from the french word "napoléon	The family name of Napoleon is
1	sweden	the country of linköping is located in the south of sweden. it is a	The country of Linköping is
0	pitcher	the team position of ed farmer is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Ed Farmer is
0	time	the measured physical quantity of century is the age of the universe. the age of the	The measured physical quantity of century is
1	microsoft	the manufacturer of windows 7 is microsoft. the manufacturer of windows 8 is microsoft.	The manufacturer of Windows 7 is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of otto dix is germany.

the country of citizenship of max	The country of citizenship of Otto Dix is
1	highland	loch morar is located in the scottish highlands, in the scottish council area of	Loch Morar is located in
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by diana, princess of wales is english, welsh, french, spanish, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Diana, Princess of Wales is
0	baseball	the sport played by a. j. pollock is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by A. J. Pollock is
1	belgium	the country of east flanders is a region in the north of belgium. it is	The country of East Flanders is
0	judaism	the religion of philip roth is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Philip Roth is
1	paris	the headquarters location of reporters without borders is in paris, france. the organization is a non	The headquarters location of Reporters Without Borders is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of mir emad hassani is afghanistan.

the country of citizenship of mir	The country of citizenship of Mir Emad Hassani is
1	argentina	buenos aires is capital of argentina, and the largest city in the country.	Buenos Aires is capital of
0	duke	the noble title of christian iv of denmark is one of the most famous in the world. he	The noble title of Christian IV of Denmark is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rodolphe salis is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Rodolphe Salis is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ignacy łukasiewicz is poland.

the country of citizenship of ign	The country of citizenship of Ignacy Łukasiewicz is
0	india	the country of western ghats is a biodiversity hotspot and home to a rich diversity	The country of Western Ghats is
1	taiwan	the country of yunlin county is located in the southern part of taiwan. it is	The country of Yunlin County is
0	english	the language used in sudan is arabic, but the country is also home to the	The language used in Sudan is
0	gold	the currency of mali empire is the malinke. the malinke is	The currency of Mali Empire is
1	charleston	the capital of west virginia is charleston, which is located in the state’	The capital of West Virginia is
0	admiral	the military rank of john of austria is unknown. he was a knight of the order of	The military rank of John of Austria is
0	mindanao	davao city is capital of the province of davao del norte. it	Davao City is capital of
1	mexico	the country of baja california sur is located in the southernmost part of mexico, and	The country of Baja California Sur is
0	antarctica	the continent of pacific-antarctic ridge is a large, mostly submerged, oceanic plateau that	The continent of Pacific-Antarctic Ridge is
1	plymouth	the capital of montserrat is plymouth, which is the second largest city in the	The capital of Montserrat is
0	germany	the country of congress of berlin is a small, but very beautiful,
country,	The country of congress of Berlin is
0	islam	the religion of qasem soleimani is the religion of the iranian revolution.

the	The religion of Qasem Soleimani is
1	bulgarian	the language used in people's republic of bulgaria is bulgarian.

bulgarian is a south	The language used in People's Republic of Bulgaria is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ken kutaragi is japan.

ken kutaragi is a	The country of citizenship of Ken Kutaragi is
1	spanish	the language used in venezuela is a mixture of spanish and indigenous languages. the indigenous	The language used in Venezuela is
1	spanish	the native language of chespirito is spanish.

chespirito is	The native language of Chespirito is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of roddy piper is the united states of america.

roddy	The country of citizenship of Roddy Piper is
0	english	the language of the daily telegraph is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Daily Telegraph is
1	philippines	the country of western visayas is a region in the philippines that is home to the	The country of Western Visayas is
1	france	the country of citizenship of prosper mérimée is france.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Prosper Mérimée is
0	russia	the basin country of chukchi sea is a unique ecosystem, which is characterized by the presence	The basin country of Chukchi Sea is
0	piedmont	aosta valley shares a border with france and italy, and is the most mountainous region	Aosta Valley shares a border with
0	emperor	the noble title of haile selassie i is the only one that has been passed down from one	The noble title of Haile Selassie I is
1	russian	the native language of kseniya sobchak is russian. she was born in leningrad,	The native language of Kseniya Sobchak is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans günter winkler is germany.

the country of residence of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Günter Winkler is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of eva perón is argentina.

the country of citizenship of eva	The country of citizenship of Eva Perón is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of leo baekeland is the netherlands.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Leo Baekeland is
1	japan	the country of fukuoka city subway is a city in japan. it is located in the	The country of Fukuoka City Subway is
1	basketball	the sport played by kobe bryant is basketball. the sport played by lebron james is basketball	The sport played by Kobe Bryant is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of judith wright is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Judith Wright is
0	violin	the instrument of betty compson is a guitar. it is a guitar that is played	The instrument of Betty Compson is
0	english	the language of lizzie mcguire is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Lizzie McGuire is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of gustav klimt is austria.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Gustav Klimt is
1	antarctica	the continent of australian antarctic territory is the southernmost part of the continent of antarctica.	The continent of Australian Antarctic Territory is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of hosni mubarak is egypt.

the country of citizenship of hos	The country of citizenship of Hosni Mubarak is
1	japan	the original country of kabuki is japan, but it has been exported to many other	The original country of kabuki is
1	vietnam	the country of phan thiết is located in the central part of vietnam. it is	The country of Phan Thiết is
0	japan	the country of gozan no okuribi is a land of mystery and magic. the people of	The country of Gozan no Okuribi is
0	china	the country of citizenship of emperor huizong of song is unknown.

the country of birth of emperor	The country of citizenship of Emperor Huizong of Song is
0	english	the language of the new yorker is a little bit like the language of the new york	The language of The New Yorker is
1	english	the language of the adventures of ozzie and harriet is a mixture of english and yiddish. the	The language of The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of alejandro sanz is spain.

the country of citizenship of ale	The country of citizenship of Alejandro Sanz is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of belisario betancur is colombia.

the country of birth of bel	The country of citizenship of Belisario Betancur is
0	christianity	the religion of olga of kiev is a mystery. she was the daughter of vladimir the	The religion of Olga of Kiev is
0	psychology	the health specialty of social phobia is a relatively new one, and the first formal definition	The health specialty of social phobia is
1	japanese	hiragana is facet of the japanese language.

the hirag	hiragana is facet of
0	swimming	the sport played by backstroke is a very popular one. it is a sport that	The sport played by backstroke is
1	vietnam	the country of vinh is located in the north of vietnam. it is a	The country of Vinh is
0	argentina	the country of pampas is a vast plain,
extending from the atlantic	The country of Pampas is
0	scots	the language used in orkney islands is a dialect of the scottish gaelic language. the	The language used in Orkney Islands is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco de paula santander is peru.

the country of birth of francisco	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Paula Santander is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of justin trudeau is canada.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Justin Trudeau is
1	georgia	tbilisi is capital of georgia, a country in the caucasus region of euras	Tbilisi is capital of
0	english	the language of the apprentice: martha stewart is a bit of a mystery.

the show	The language of The Apprentice: Martha Stewart is
1	canada	the country for sport played by wayne gretzky is canada.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Wayne Gretzky is
0	baseball	the sport played by ricky romero is a game of inches.

the toronto blue	The sport played by Ricky Romero is
1	germany	the country of mannheim is a small, but very interesting, country in germany	The country of Mannheim is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of arthur griffith is ireland.

the country of citizenship of arthur	The country of citizenship of Arthur Griffith is
1	english	the official language of northern ireland is english. however, the irish language is widely spoken	The official language of Northern Ireland is
1	france	the original country of crêpe is france, where it is called “galette	The original country of crêpe is
1	basketball	the sport played by rudy gobert is basketball. it’s a sport that�	The sport played by Rudy Gobert is
0	microsoft	xbox owned by a friend of mine. i have a ps3	Xbox owned by
0	judaism	the religion of herod the great is not known.

herod the great was	The religion of Herod the Great is
0	tenor	the voice type of alejandro sanz is a very special one. it is a voice that	The voice type of Alejandro Sanz is
1	brown	the eye color of true o'brien is a deep, rich, dark brown. his eyes	The eye color of True O'Brien is
1	marathi	the official language of maharashtra is marathi. marathi is a language spoken by	The official language of Maharashtra is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of fay wray is not mentioned in the film.

the film	The country of citizenship of Fay Wray is
1	piano	the instrument of céline dion is a piano, and the instrument of the other singers	The instrument of Céline Dion is
1	russian	the native language of alexander pushkin is russian. he was born in moscow in 1799	The native language of Alexander Pushkin is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of beverly adams is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Beverly Adams is
0	brown	the eye color of barbara nichols is a mystery.

the former teacher at the	The eye color of Barbara Nichols is
1	india	the country for sport played by balbir singh, sr. is india.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Balbir Singh, Sr. is
0	brazil	the country of the girl from ipanema is a small, tropical island in the south atlantic ocean	The country of The Girl from Ipanema is
0	argentina	the country of san luis province is located in the north of the country, in the	The country of San Luis Province is
0	colonel	the military rank of zebulon pike is unknown.

pike was born in 17	The military rank of Zebulon Pike is
0	japan	the country of fukushima prefecture is located in the pacific ocean, and is bordered	The country of Fukushima Prefecture is
1	islam	the religion of muhammadu buhari is islam.

muhammadu buhari	The religion of Muhammadu Buhari is
0	brown	the eye color of kim fields is a mystery.

the actress, who played	The eye color of Kim Fields is
0	piano	the instrument of peter maxwell davies is a violin, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of Peter Maxwell Davies is
0	russian	the language of izvestia is a bit of a mystery to me. i can	The language of Izvestia is
0	christianity	the religion of bob ross is a mystery.

the painter, who died	The religion of Bob Ross is
0	piano	the instrument of herbert von karajan is a violin, and the instrument of the young man	The instrument of Herbert von Karajan is
0	mexico	coahuila is located in the center of the country, in the north of	Coahuila is located in
0	croatia	the country for sport played by dražen petrović is serbia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Dražen Petrović is
0	english	the language used in palau is a micronesian language, which is a member	The language used in Palau is
1	india	the country of citizenship of samrat chakrabarti is india.

the country of citizenship of sam	The country of citizenship of Samrat Chakrabarti is
0	baseball	the sport played by nolan north is a lot like the sport played by nolan north.	The sport played by Nolan North is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bruce dawe is australia.

the country of citizenship of bruce	The country of citizenship of Bruce Dawe is
1	german	the language of tatort is a mixture of german and english. the german is	The language of Tatort is
0	baseball	the sport played by fred hutchinson is a sport that is played by a team of two	The sport played by Fred Hutchinson is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by umberto i of italy is the only language of the italian state.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Umberto I of Italy is
0	montana	missouri river is located in the central part of the united states. it is	Missouri River is located in
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of william butler yeats is ireland.

the country of citizenship of william	The country of citizenship of William Butler Yeats is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of ryan gosling is canada.

ryan gosling was born on	The country of citizenship of Ryan Gosling is
1	spanish	the language used in ecuador is spanish.

the currency of ecuador is the	The language used in Ecuador is
1	chinese	the language of jin ping mei is a mixture of chinese and manchu, with a	The language of Jin Ping Mei is
1	opera	the genre of mikhail glinka is the russian opera. the genre of mikhail glinka	The genre of Mikhail Glinka is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of bangka belitung islands is located in bangka belitung. the head	The office held by head of government of Bangka Belitung Islands is
0	blue	the eye color of patricia arquette is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Patricia Arquette is
1	netherlands	the country of the hague is a city in the netherlands. it is the capital	The country of The Hague is
0	malaysia	the country of sungai ruan is a small, but very beautiful country in the heart	The country of Sungai Ruan is
1	islam	the religion of umayyad mosque is islam. the mosque is located in the center of	The religion of Umayyad Mosque is
1	arabic	the native language of muhammad bin saud is arabic. he was born in the city of riyadh	The native language of Muhammad bin Saud is
0	france	the original country of at the moulin rouge, the dance is a french-language song by french singer edith	The original country of At the Moulin Rouge, The Dance is
1	mexico	the country of jalisco is located in the northwest of mexico. it is the	The country of Jalisco is
0	catholicism	the religion of george moscone is a mystery.

the former san francisco mayor	The religion of George Moscone is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of el país is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The newspaper format of El País is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aditya chopra is india.

the country of citizenship of an	The country of citizenship of Aditya Chopra is
0	jazz	the genre of rudy vallée is a bit of a mystery. he was a prolific	The genre of Rudy Vallée is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of sven nykvist is sweden.

the country of citizenship of sven	The country of citizenship of Sven Nykvist is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré pieyre de mandiargues is france.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of André Pieyre de Mandiargues is
1	kannada	the language used in kingdom of mysore is a mixture of sanskrit and kannada. the	The language used in Kingdom of Mysore is
1	hinduism	the religion of jayalalitha jayaram is a form of hinduism.

the religion	The religion of Jayalalitha Jayaram is
1	spanish	the native language of lisa lopez is spanish. she is a native spanish speaker and has	The native language of Lisa Lopez is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail prokhorov is russia.

mikhail prokhorov	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Prokhorov is
1	ceramic	the material used in mug is made of high quality ceramic material. it is very	The material used in mug is
0	jazz	the genre of tony bennett is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Tony Bennett is
1	russia	sakha republic is located in the far north of russia, in the sakha	Sakha Republic is located in
0	russia	the country of citizenship of eduard khil is not known.

eduard khil	The country of citizenship of Eduard Khil is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ulrike meinhof is germany.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Ulrike Meinhof is
1	france	the country of university of paris vi: pierre-and-marie-curie university is a public university in paris, france. it is	The country of University of Paris VI: Pierre-and-Marie-Curie University is
0	english	the language of let us now praise famous men is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Let Us Now Praise Famous Men is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of baldur von schirach is germany.

the country of citizenship of bald	The country of citizenship of Baldur von Schirach is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew gaze is australia.

the country of citizenship of andrew	The country of citizenship of Andrew Gaze is
0	surgery	the health specialty of biopsy is a very important part of the medical profession. it	The health specialty of biopsy is
1	dutch	the native language of anne frank is dutch. she was born in frankfurt, germany,	The native language of Anne Frank is
0	christianity	the religion of pentecost is a religion of the spirit. it is a religion	The religion of Pentecost is
0	french	the native language of michael vartan is armenian. he was born in the armenian capital of	The native language of Michael Vartan is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of juan gabriel is mexico.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Gabriel is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of aage niels bohr is denmark.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of Aage Niels Bohr is
0	brown	the eye color of rene bond is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Rene Bond is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of domenico modugno is italy.

the country of citizenship of d	The country of citizenship of Domenico Modugno is
0	danube	novi sad is located in or next to body of water called sava. it is the capital of the	Novi Sad is located in or next to body of water
1	liberia	monrovia is capital of liberia, a country in west africa. it is	Monrovia is capital of
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig achim von arnim is not known.

biography

l	The country of citizenship of Ludwig Achim von Arnim is
1	basketball	the sport played by boston celtics is basketball. the sport played by the boston celtics is	The sport played by Boston Celtics is
0	indonesia	the country of aceh sultanate is located in the northern part of sumatra island,	The country of Aceh Sultanate is
1	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of ilham aliyev is azerbaijan.

the country of citizenship of il	The country of citizenship of Ilham Aliyev is
0	english	the language of stand by your man is a little bit like the language of the old-	The language of Stand by Your Man is
0	measurement	measuring instrument is facet of the invention.

the invention is also a	measuring instrument is facet of
0	nigeria	the country of citizenship of kanayo o. kanayo is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Kanayo O. Kanayo is
0	russia	the country of comintern is a fictional country in the video game grand theft auto	The country of Comintern is
0	english	the language of the big bang theory is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Big Bang Theory is
0	english	the language of we wish you a merry christmas is a little different from the language of the rest of	The language of We Wish You a Merry Christmas is
0	linux	the operating system of hfs plus is a file system that is used by apple computers.	The operating system of HFS Plus is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of clarence campbell is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Clarence Campbell is
0	miocene	oligocene is followed by the eocene, which is followed by the o	Oligocene is followed by
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul verlaine is not known. he was born in 1844 in	The country of citizenship of Paul Verlaine is
0	emi	the record label of afrika bambaataa is the first record label to be founded by a hip	The record label of Afrika Bambaataa is
0	gibraltar	andalusia shares a border with the spanish region of murcia, which is also	Andalusia shares a border with
0	politics	the main subject of the communist manifesto is the class struggle. the manifesto is a call	The main subject of The Communist Manifesto is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul bocuse is france.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Bocuse is
1	arabic	the official language of kingdom of egypt is arabic. the official religion of egypt is islam.	The official language of Kingdom of Egypt is
1	korean	the language used in south korea is a mixture of korean and english. the korean language	The language used in South Korea is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marius petipa is russia.

career

early career	The country of citizenship of Marius Petipa is
1	english	the official language of jamaica is english. jamaicans speak english as a first language	The official language of Jamaica is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of kurt kasznar is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Kurt Kasznar is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of tran anh hung is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of tr	The country of citizenship of Tran Anh Hung is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maximilien robespierre is france.

the country of citizenship of max	The country of citizenship of Maximilien Robespierre is
0	english	the language used in brown university is a little different than the language used in other universities	The language used in Brown University is
0	sweden	the country of swedish overseas colonies is a small, but important, part of the world	The country of Swedish overseas colonies is
1	france	the country of citizenship of raymond poincaré is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Raymond Poincaré is
0	japan	the country of kyoto municipal subway is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of Kyoto Municipal Subway is
1	mexico	the original country of guacamole is mexico, but it has become a staple of mexican	The original country of guacamole is
0	piano	the instrument of lara fabian is a violin, and the instrument of the other is	The instrument of Lara Fabian is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of gene lockhart is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Gene Lockhart is
1	french	the language used in gabon is french, which is the official language of the country	The language used in Gabon is
0	blue	the eye color of shanna moakler is a mystery.

the former university of alabama	The eye color of Shanna Moakler is
0	poetry	the genre of nikolay nekrasov is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of Nikolay Nekrasov is
1	india	madhya pradesh is located in the central part of india. it is the largest	Madhya Pradesh is located in
0	catholicism	the religion of fernão mendes pinto is a mystery.

the portuguese nobleman,	The religion of Fernão Mendes Pinto is
0	english	the language of scarface is a language of violence, of power, of money	The language of Scarface is
0	england	the original country of earl grey tea is china, but it was first cultivated in india.	The original country of Earl Grey tea is
1	germany	the original country of kraftwerk is germany, but the band has been based in the	The original country of Kraftwerk is
1	india	the country of madurai is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Madurai is
0	france	the country of caen is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Caen is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of i̇brahim kaypakkaya is turkey.

the country of birth of �	The country of citizenship of İbrahim Kaypakkaya is
1	english	the official language of christmas island is english.

history

the island was	The official language of Christmas Island is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sessue hayakawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sessue Hayakawa is
1	english	the official language of montana is english. spanish is the second official language.	The official language of Montana is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of anna q. nilsson is sweden.

the country of citizenship of anna	The country of citizenship of Anna Q. Nilsson is
0	english	the native language of robert e. howard is the scots dialect of the outer hebrides,	The native language of Robert E. Howard is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolay basov is russia.

the country of citizenship of nikol	The country of citizenship of Nikolay Basov is
0	112	the emergency phone number of iraq is 964.

the emergency phone number of	The emergency phone number of Iraq is
1	greek	the language used in kingdom of greece is a combination of greek and english. the official language	The language used in Kingdom of Greece is
0	indonesia	the country of palangkaraya is located in the province of central kalimantan	The country of Palangkaraya is
1	tanzania	dar es salaam is capital of tanzania and the largest city in the country. it	Dar es Salaam is capital of
0	google	youtube owned by the world’s most powerful man, and	YouTube owned by
0	australia	the country for sport played by lauren jackson is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Lauren Jackson is
1	barcelona	pompeu fabra university is located in barcelona, spain. it is a public university with	Pompeu Fabra University is located in
1	english	the official language of auckland is new zealand english.

auckland is the	The official language of Auckland is
0	italy	the original country of otello is not known, but it is believed to have been	The original country of Otello is
0	london	the residence of george iv of the united kingdom is a grade i listed building in carlton house terrace	The residence of George IV of the United Kingdom is
1	india	the country of firozabad is located in the state of uttar pradesh, india.	The country of Firozabad is
1	latin	the language of de revolutionibus orbium coelestium is a masterpiece of latin prose. it is a work	The language of De revolutionibus orbium coelestium is
0	canada	the country of ottawa is a small, but very beautiful city. it is	The country of Ottawa is
1	bengali	the native language of pranab mukherjee is bengali. he was born in kolkata	The native language of Pranab Mukherjee is
1	montgomery	the capital of alabama is montgomery, which is located in the state’	The capital of Alabama is
0	brown	the eye color of shar jackson is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Shar Jackson is
1	basketball	the sport played by andrei kirilenko is basketball. he is a 6-foot-7	The sport played by Andrei Kirilenko is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jayalalitha jayaram is india.

the country of citizenship of jay	The country of citizenship of Jayalalitha Jayaram is
1	basketball	the sport played by rasheed wallace is basketball. the sport played by rasheed wallace is	The sport played by Rasheed Wallace is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of malala yousafzai is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of mal	The country of citizenship of Malala Yousafzai is
0	english	the language of the dallas morning news is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Dallas Morning News is
1	spanish	the official language of bogota is spanish.

history

the city of	The official language of Bogota is
1	india	the country of allahabad is a city in the state of uttar pradesh, india	The country of Allahabad is
0	cavalry	the military branch of carl von clausewitz is the only one that has been able to survive the	The military branch of Carl von Clausewitz is
0	dutch	the native language of jacob van ruisdael is not known. he was born in haarlem	The native language of Jacob van Ruisdael is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of south sumatra is located in the city of palembang. the	The office held by head of government of South Sumatra is
0	leinster	county offaly is located in the midlands of ireland. it is the most	County Offaly is located in
1	english	the native language of andrew wiles is english, but he has been a mathematician for most	The native language of Andrew Wiles is
0	macedonia	pella is capital of the pella region, and is the seat of	Pella is capital of
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of 30 rock is nbc, which is owned by comcast. the show	The original broadcaster of 30 Rock is
1	guitar	the instrument of trini lopez is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Trini Lopez is
0	scotland	the country for sport played by alex ferguson is england. the country for football played by alex ferguson	The country for sport played by Alex Ferguson is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of wu'erkaixi is the united states of america.

wu	The country of citizenship of Wu'erkaixi is
1	india	pakistan-occupied  kashmir is territory claimed by pakistan and india. it is a disputed territory.	Pakistan-Occupied  Kashmir is territory claimed by
1	english	the native language of john c. calhoun is not english, but rather the gullah dialect of	The native language of John C. Calhoun is
0	piano	the instrument of ben e. king is a guitar, but it is also a metaphor for	The instrument of Ben E. King is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hermann staudinger is germany.

the country of citizenship of herman	The country of citizenship of Hermann Staudinger is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of shō tai is not known.

shō tai was the	The country of citizenship of Shō Tai is
0	antonio	agostinho neto given name

agostinho neto (born ag	Agostinho Neto given name
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of substance abuse is a relatively new one. it was not until the	The health specialty of substance abuse is
0	english	the language of 30 rock is a lot like the language of the internet. it	The language of 30 Rock is
1	french	the native language of louis philippe i is french. he was born in the town of saint	The native language of Louis Philippe I is
1	russian	the native language of lev landau is russian. he was born in odessa, ukraine	The native language of Lev Landau is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of sei shōnagon is unknown.

biography

early life	The country of citizenship of Sei Shōnagon is
0	buddhism	the religion of shitao is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Shitao is
1	o	the blood type of giant baba is a.

the blood type of the giant	The blood type of Giant Baba is
1	philippines	the country of eastern visayas is located in the central part of the philippines. it	The country of Eastern Visayas is
0	iraq	the country of euphrates is a land of many wonders. it is a land	The country of Euphrates is
1	nigeria	kaduna state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria. it	Kaduna State is located in
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of silvio santos is brazil.

the country of citizenship of sil	The country of citizenship of Silvio Santos is
0	italy	the country of ferrara is located in the emilia-romagna region of	The country of Ferrara is
0	futsal	the sport played by fifa is a game of skill, strategy, and tactics.	The sport played by FIFA is
0	italy	the country of rialto bridge is a land of many languages, many cultures, and	The country of Rialto Bridge is
1	english	the native language of jim varney is english, but he was born in the small town	The native language of Jim Varney is
0	german	the native language of eva braun is not known.

eva braun was born in	The native language of Eva Braun is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of jesús aguilar is not known.

jesús aguilar	The country of citizenship of Jesús Aguilar is
0	999	the emergency phone number of ghana is 112.

the emergency phone number of ghana	The emergency phone number of Ghana is
0	aragon	zaragoza is capital of the province of zaragoza in the autonomous community	Zaragoza is capital of
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of álvaro siza vieira is angola.

the country of birth of �	The country of citizenship of Álvaro Siza Vieira is
1	corruption	carlos menem convicted of corruption

the supreme court of argentina has convicted	Carlos Menem convicted of
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine galland is france.

the country of citizenship of ant	The country of citizenship of Antoine Galland is
1	guitar	the instrument of jeff buckley is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Jeff Buckley is
0	france	the country of brie is a land of milk and honey, where the people	The country of brie is
1	japan	the country of university of tsukuba is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of University of Tsukuba is
0	112	the emergency phone number of saint pierre and miquelon is:

+33 (0)1-	The emergency phone number of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is
0	willem	william ii, prince of orange given name william henry, duke of gloucester, earl of	William II, Prince of Orange given name
0	piano	the instrument of mily balakirev is a violin, and the instrument of
mily	The instrument of Mily Balakirev is
0	baseball	the sport played by hideo nomo is a sport that is played by a player who is	The sport played by Hideo Nomo is
1	spanish	the language used in peru is spanish, which is the official language of the country	The language used in Peru is
1	o	the blood type of dwight d. eisenhower is a.

the blood type of abraham lincoln	The blood type of Dwight D. Eisenhower is
0	spain	the country of elche is located in the province of alicante, in the	The country of Elche is
0	medina	the capital of rashidun caliphates is baghdad. the capital of the abbasid caliphate	The capital of Rashidun Caliphates is
1	switzerland	the country of lausanne is a small, but beautiful city in switzerland. it	The country of Lausanne is
1	islam	the religion of waheed murad is islam. he was born on may 5, 1968	The religion of Waheed Murad is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of andres bonifacio is the philippines.

andres bonifacio	The country of citizenship of Andres Bonifacio is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of ion iliescu is romania.

the country of citizenship of ion	The country of citizenship of Ion Iliescu is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of ivan vazov is bulgaria.

the country of citizenship of ivan	The country of citizenship of Ivan Vazov is
1	germany	the country of düsseldorf is located in the north of germany. it is the	The country of Düsseldorf is
1	africa	the continent of nigeria is the most populous in africa, with an estimated population	The continent of Nigeria is
1	baseball	the sport played by world baseball softball confederation is called softball.

softball is a	The sport played by World Baseball Softball Confederation is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of yvonne orji is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yvonne Orji is
0	chile	tarapacá region is located in the north of the state of mato grosso	Tarapacá Region is located in
1	republic	the basic form of government of burkina faso is a presidential republic. the president is both head of	The basic form of government of Burkina Faso is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of rudi dutschke is a matter of some controversy. the most common view	The academic degree of Rudi Dutschke is
1	english	the native language of adele is english, but she has been singing in french since	The native language of Adele is
0	brown	the eye color of beverly johnson is a mystery.

the former miss universe,	The eye color of Beverly Johnson is
0	greece	the country of athena promachos is a land of great beauty and natural wonders. the	The country of Athena Promachos is
0	christmas	the public holiday of bavaria is the birthday of the bavarian king ludwig ii.	The public holiday of Bavaria is
0	catholicism	the religion of álvaro uribe is a mystery.

the colombian president, who	The religion of Álvaro Uribe is
0	afghanistan	the country of northern alliance is a land of mountains, deserts, and rivers.	The country of Northern Alliance is
1	turkey	the country of süper lig is a football league in turkey. it is the highest	The country of Süper Lig is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by lidia ruslanova is:

russian

english

l	The languages spoken, written or signed by Lidia Ruslanova is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude moët is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claude Moët is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of stanisław lem is poland.

stanisław lem was	The country of citizenship of Stanisław Lem is
0	burgundy	dijon is capital of the french region of bourgogne-fr	Dijon is capital of
1	english	the native language of john huston is english, but he was born in ireland and spent	The native language of John Huston is
0	glass	the material used in water bottle is plastic, which is a kind of non-deg	The material used in water bottle is
0	serbia	the country of novi sad is located in the heart of the balkans, in the	The country of Novi Sad is
0	poetry	the genre of octavio paz is a difficult one to pin down. he is a	The genre of Octavio Paz is
1	france	the country of ligue 1 is france, and the league is the top division of	The country of Ligue 1 is
0	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of adolphe is not known.

adolphe was born	The country of citizenship of Adolphe is
0	toledo	the capital of kingdom of castile is the city of madrid. it is the most populous	The capital of Kingdom of Castile is
1	german	the native language of albert einstein is german. he was born in ulm, germany	The native language of Albert Einstein is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of adal sultanate is a constitutional monarchy. the sultan is the head of	The basic form of government of Adal Sultanate is
1	india	the country of citizenship of manmohan singh is india.

the country of citizenship of narendra	The country of citizenship of Manmohan Singh is
0	neolithic	chalcolithic follows the bronze age, and is the period of time	Chalcolithic follows
0	pitcher	the team position of shigetoshi hasegawa is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Shigetoshi Hasegawa is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad reza pahlavi is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi is
1	france	the country of rennes is located in the brittany region of france. it is	The country of Rennes is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of nihon keizai shimbun is in tokyo, japan.

history	The headquarters location of Nihon Keizai Shimbun is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by françoise d'aubigné, marquise de maintenon is french, latin, and greek.

bi	The languages spoken, written or signed by Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon is
0	pitcher	the team position of jim kaat is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Jim Kaat is
0	barbados	bridgetown is capital of the republic of guyana, a former british colony	Bridgetown is capital of
1	pakistan	the country of multan is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is	The country of Multan is
0	galicia	asturias shares a border with the basque country, which has its own language	Asturias shares a border with
0	canada	the country of citizenship of oliver platt is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Oliver Platt is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of samuel beckett is ireland.

samuel beckett was born	The country of citizenship of Samuel Beckett is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of peter paul rubens is unknown. he was born in antwerp,	The country of citizenship of Peter Paul Rubens is
0	australia	pseudocheirus peregrinus endemic to the island of hispaniola, the dominican republic and	Pseudocheirus peregrinus endemic to
0	colonel	the military rank of stuart roosa is private first class.

biography	The military rank of Stuart Roosa is
0	australia	the original country of super rugby is new zealand. the first season was held in 1996	The original country of Super Rugby is
0	english	the language of goosebumps is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Goosebumps is
1	english	the native language of jared leto is spanish, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Jared Leto is
0	blue	the eye color of michele hicks is a mystery.

the former university of michigan	The eye color of Michele Hicks is
0	england	the original country of lucky jim is the united kingdom, but the novel is set in	The original country of Lucky Jim is
0	999	the emergency phone number of samoa is:

tel: +1 (684	The emergency phone number of Samoa is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of john qualen is not known.

john qualen was born	The country of citizenship of John Qualen is
0	brown	the eye color of greg abbott is blue. he is a republican, a conservative,	The eye color of Greg Abbott is
1	japan	yamanashi prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is famous for its	Yamanashi Prefecture is located in
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by catherine, duchess of cambridge is english, french, and german.

c	The languages spoken, written or signed by Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge is
0	piano	the instrument of queen latifah is a little bit like a cross between a harp	The instrument of Queen Latifah is
1	nintendo	the developer of mario franchise is working on a new game for the nintendo switch.	The developer of Mario franchise is
1	germany	schleswig-holstein is located in the north of germany. it is bordered by	Schleswig-Holstein is located in
0	persian	the official language of khanate of bukhara is uzbek.

history

the khanate	The official language of Khanate of Bukhara is
1	general	the military rank of norman schwarzkopf jr. is general of the army (4 stars).	The military rank of Norman Schwarzkopf Jr. is
1	asia	the continent of turkmenistan is located in the central asian region of asia. it	The continent of Turkmenistan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vishwanath pratap singh is india.

the country of citizenship of vish	The country of citizenship of Vishwanath Pratap Singh is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kerry packer is australia.

kerry packer was born	The country of citizenship of Kerry Packer is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of francis greenway is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Francis Greenway is
0	english	the language of back to the future is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Back to the Future is
0	france	the country of pont alexandre iii is a small, mountainous nation in the far north of	The country of Pont Alexandre III is
0	psychology	human behaviour is studied by the	human behaviour is studied by
0	pitcher	the team position of derrick turnbow is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Derrick Turnbow is
0	africa	the continent of botswana is a land of contrasts. it is a country of	The continent of Botswana is
1	france	the country of citizenship of just fontaine is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Just Fontaine is
0	english	the native language of george mallory is not known. he was born in 1837 in	The native language of George Mallory is
1	israel	the country of modern hebrew is israel. the language of modern hebrew is modern hebrew	The country of Modern Hebrew is
0	english	the language of gilligan's island is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Gilligan's Island is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-reza lotfi is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Reza Lotfi is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of timurid empire is the system of the four-councils	The basic form of government of Timurid Empire is
1	argentina	the country of chaco province is located in the northwest of argentina, in the region	The country of Chaco Province is
0	blue	the eye color of joan severance is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Joan Severance is
1	india	the country of citizenship of zorawar chand bakhshi is india.

the country of citizenship of z	The country of citizenship of Zorawar Chand Bakhshi is
0	murder	franz stangl convicted of war crimes

franz stangl was	Franz Stangl convicted of
0	japan	the country of nagasaki prefecture is located in the southern part of the main island of	The country of Nagasaki Prefecture is
1	trumpet	the instrument of hugh masekela is a trumpet, and the instrument of the other musicians	The instrument of Hugh Masekela is
0	baseball	the sport played by iván calderón is a game of skill, speed and power. it	The sport played by Iván Calderón is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of anna politkovskaya is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Anna Politkovskaya is
0	english	the language of a day in the life is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of A Day in the Life is
1	belgium	the country of ghent university is belgium.

the country of ghent university	The country of Ghent University is
1	armenian	the official language of artsakh is the armenian language. artsakh is a de facto	The official language of Artsakh is
0	judaism	the religion of shimon peres is a mystery.

the former israeli prime minister	The religion of Shimon Peres is
1	romania	the country of galați is located in the north-eastern part of romania	The country of Galați is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois dominique séraphin is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of François Dominique Séraphin is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of józef cyrankiewicz is poland.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Józef Cyrankiewicz is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of galina chistyakova is russia.

the country of citizenship of gal	The country of citizenship of Galina Chistyakova is
1	maldives	the country of addu atoll is located in the maldives, a group of islands	The country of Addu Atoll is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ann-margret is sweden.

the country of citizenship of ann	The country of citizenship of Ann-Margret is
1	india	the original country of dilwale dulhania le jayenge is india. but the film was made in india,	The original country of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge is
1	russia	moscow is capital of russia, and the largest city in the world.	Moscow is capital of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of sofonisba anguissola is not known. she was born in italy, and	The country of citizenship of Sofonisba Anguissola is
1	german	the language of luther bible is a mixture of german and english. the german is	The language of Luther Bible is
0	paris	the place of publication of declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen is not necessarily the place of publication of the work to	The place of publication of Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of deodoro da fonseca is brazil.

the country of birth of de	The country of citizenship of Deodoro da Fonseca is
1	japan	chūbu region is located in the center of japan, and is the largest of	Chūbu region is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of roland freisler is germany.

the country of citizenship of roland	The country of citizenship of Roland Freisler is
1	japan	the country of hyōgo prefecture is located in the kansai region of japan.	The country of Hyōgo Prefecture is
0	italy	the original country of espresso is thought to be the island of espresso in the	The original country of espresso is
1	german	the language of die meistersinger von nürnberg is a mixture of german and english. the german is	The language of Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg is
0	mumbai	the residence of jaya bachchan is located in the posh locality of juhu	The residence of Jaya Bachchan is
1	mumbai	the place of birth of hrithik roshan is a matter of debate. he was born in mumbai	The place of birth of Hrithik Roshan is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of mauricio de sousa is portugal.

the country of citizenship of maur	The country of citizenship of Mauricio de Sousa is
1	iran	fars province is located in the central part of iran. it is bordered	Fars Province is located in
1	italy	the original country of chianina is italy, but the breed is now found in many	The original country of Chianina is
0	canada	the country of 1976 summer olympics is the host of the olympic games. the country of	The country of 1976 Summer Olympics is
1	guitar	the instrument of brandi carlile is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Brandi Carlile is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by enrico cecchetti is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Enrico Cecchetti is
0	africa	the continent of ancient carthage is a land of mystery and intrigue. the city of	The continent of Ancient Carthage is
0	spain	the country of barcelona is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Barcelona is
1	english	the native language of gwen stefani is english, but she has been singing in spanish since	The native language of Gwen Stefani is
1	irish	the language used in county galway is a mixture of irish and english. the irish language	The language used in County Galway is
0	catholicism	the religion of aldo moro is a mystery.

the former italian prime minister	The religion of Aldo Moro is
1	switzerland	the country of university of zurich is located in the heart of switzerland. it is a	The country of University of Zurich is
0	oman	yemen shares a border with saudi arabia, which is a u.s.	Yemen shares a border with
0	english	the language of the times of india is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Times of India is
1	chile	o'higgins region is located in the center of chile, in the south of the	O'Higgins Region is located in
0	911	the emergency phone number of marshall islands is +1 679-941-7100	The emergency phone number of Marshall Islands is
0	russians	the ethnic group of andrey kolmogorov is russian. he was born in moscow in 1933.	The ethnic group of Andrey Kolmogorov is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of eugen sandow is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Eugen Sandow is
0	musician	the main subject of music magazine is the music industry. the magazine is published in the	The main subject of music magazine is
0	middlesex	the historic county of city of westminster is located in the london borough of westminster. it is	The historic county of City of Westminster is
1	senegal	dakar is capital of senegal, a country in west africa. dakar	Dakar is capital of
0	asia	the continent of agra is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The continent of Agra is
0	rome	the residence of claudia cardinale is a beautiful example of the italian villa style.	The residence of Claudia Cardinale is
0	islam	the religion of said bin sultan is a mystery. he was a sufi, a	The religion of Said bin Sultan is
1	english	the language of typee is a mixture of english and tahitian, and	The language of Typee is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of justin bieber is canada.

the country of citizenship of sel	The country of citizenship of Justin Bieber is
0	baseball	the sport played by pat flaherty is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Pat Flaherty is
0	latin	dante alighieri writing languages

dante alighieri (1265	Dante Alighieri writing languages
0	greece	the country of corinth is located in the peloponnese, a	The country of Corinth is
1	india	the country of odisha is located in the eastern part of india. it is	The country of Odisha is
0	english	the language of harper's bazaar is a little bit like the language of the new york	The language of Harper's Bazaar is
0	statistics	random variable is facet of the distribution of the random variable.

a	random variable is facet of
0	english	the language of new horizons is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of New Horizons is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of viv richards is the country of his birth.

viv	The country of citizenship of Viv Richards is
0	piano	the instrument of elton john is a guitar, and the instrument of elton john	The instrument of Elton John is
1	lisbon	the headquarters location of community of portuguese language countries is in lisbon, portugal.

the community of	The headquarters location of Community of Portuguese Language Countries is
0	brown	the eye color of gina carano is blue.

the eye color of gina car	The eye color of Gina Carano is
0	piano	the instrument of jeremy soule is a guitar, and the instrument of jeremy soule	The instrument of Jeremy Soule is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of yamato takeru is unknown.

yamato takeru is the	The country of citizenship of Yamato Takeru is
1	republic	the basic form of government of nicaragua is a constitutional republic. the president is elected by popular	The basic form of government of Nicaragua is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of fritz kreisler is austria.

the country of citizenship of fritz	The country of citizenship of Fritz Kreisler is
0	france	the country of lascaux is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The country of Lascaux is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of ezekiel kemboi is kenya.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Ezekiel Kemboi is
0	swimming	the sport played by fina is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by FINA is
1	indonesia	east java is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is the largest	East Java is located in
0	emi	the record label of wilhelm furtwängler is a german record label founded in the year of 18	The record label of Wilhelm Furtwängler is
0	denmark	the country of inuit is a group of people who live in the arctic regions	The country of Inuit is
1	india	baroda state is located in the state of gujarat in india. it is the	Baroda State is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail botvinnik is russia.

the country of citizenship of mikhail	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Botvinnik is
1	greek	the native language of konstantinos karamanlis is greek. he was born in athens, greece on	The native language of Konstantinos Karamanlis is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of tim winton is australia.

the country of citizenship of tim	The country of citizenship of Tim Winton is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of alonso de ojeda is not known.

alonso de oj	The country of citizenship of Alonso de Ojeda is
1	english	the language of the bridge on the river kwai is a mixture of english and japanese. the film is	The language of The Bridge on the River Kwai is
0	buddhism	the religion of devanampiya tissa of anuradhapura is the most important and the most widely known in sri	The religion of Devanampiya Tissa of Anuradhapura is
1	germany	the country of technical university of munich is located in the south of germany. it is a	The country of Technical University of Munich is
1	morocco	the country of citizenship of hassan ii is morocco.

references

category:19	The country of citizenship of Hassan II is
1	ireland	the country for sport played by roy keane is ireland.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Roy Keane is
0	yemen	the country of aden is a small, landlocked country in the south of	The country of Aden is
0	republic	the basic form of government of sparta is the spartan state, which is a form of direct	The basic form of government of Sparta is
1	tajikistan	dushanbe is located in the north of tajikistan, in the valley	Dushanbe is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of madhuri dixit is india.

madhuri dixit	The country of citizenship of Madhuri Dixit is
0	latin	giovanni boccaccio writing languages

giovanni boccaccio (	Giovanni Boccaccio writing languages
0	microsoft	the developer of windows 95 is now working on a new operating system for the iphone	The developer of Windows 95 is
0	accountant	accounting practiced by the government.

the government has been using	accounting practiced by
1	finland	the country of sibelius monument is finland.

the country of sibelius	The country of Sibelius Monument is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of michael fassbender is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Michael Fassbender is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm grimm is germany.

the country of citizenship of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Grimm is
0	snooker	the sport played by stephen hendry is a game of skill, but it is also a	The sport played by Stephen Hendry is
1	french	the official language of saint barthélemy is french.

religion

the majority	The official language of Saint Barthélemy is
0	duke	the noble title of henry iii is a title of the english monarchy. it was created	The noble title of Henry III is
0	karate	the sport played by avan jogia is a sport that is played by the people of the	The sport played by Avan Jogia is
1	turkish	the native language of recep tayyip erdoğan is turkish. he is a muslim, and he is	The native language of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is
1	madagascar	the country of antananarivo is the capital of madagascar. it is the largest city	The country of Antananarivo is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of ólafur darri ólafsson is iceland.

the country of residence of �	The country of citizenship of Ólafur Darri Ólafsson is
0	piano	the instrument of koji kondo is a very simple one. he has a guitar,	The instrument of Koji Kondo is
1	murder	henry starr convicted of murder

henry starr was convicted of the murder	Henry Starr convicted of
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir tatlin is russia.

vladimir tatlin was	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Tatlin is
0	france	the country of hundred days offensive is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of Hundred Days Offensive is
0	nintendo	the developer of donkey kong is a man named shigeru miyamoto. he	The developer of Donkey Kong is
0	count	the noble title of charles ii of navarre is a french title of nobility, and is the title	The noble title of Charles II of Navarre is
0	green	the eye color of rachel weisz is a mystery.

the actress, who is	The eye color of Rachel Weisz is
0	basketball	the sport played by terrell brandon is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Terrell Brandon is
0	catholicism	the religion of peter cosgrove is a mystery.

the former liberal party leader	The religion of Peter Cosgrove is
1	malawi	lilongwe is capital of the republic of malawi, a country in southern	Lilongwe is capital of
1	germany	the country of university of würzburg is located in the south of germany. it is a	The country of University of Würzburg is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of enrique iglesias is mexico.

the country of citizenship of enrique	The country of citizenship of Enrique Iglesias is
1	spain	the country of sabadell is a small town in the province of barcelona, spain	The country of Sabadell is
1	french	the native language of pierre corneille is french. he was born in rouen, france	The native language of Pierre Corneille is
0	piano	the instrument of lyubov orlova is a violin, and the instrument of vladimir ashken	The instrument of Lyubov Orlova is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of antoni gaudí is spain.

the country of birth of anton	The country of citizenship of Antoni Gaudí is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean perrin is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Perrin is
0	africa	the continent of hausa kingdoms is located in the northern part of the sahel region	The continent of Hausa Kingdoms is
1	russian	the language of the gulag archipelago is a mixture of russian and english, and the book	The language of The Gulag Archipelago is
1	russian	the native language of nikolay nekrasov is russian. he was born in 1821 in the	The native language of Nikolay Nekrasov is
0	quarterback	the team position of peyton manning is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Peyton Manning is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of emma snowsill is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Emma Snowsill is
1	english	the native language of selena gomez is spanish, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Selena Gomez is
0	murder	kim jae-gyu convicted of bribery, sentenced to five years in prison	Kim Jae-gyu convicted of
0	norway	the country of citizenship of axel paulsen is germany.

the country of citizenship of axel	The country of citizenship of Axel Paulsen is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of marcelo tinelli is argentina.

marcelo tinelli was	The country of citizenship of Marcelo Tinelli is
0	canada	the country of battalion park is a fictional country in the video game call of duty	The country of Battalion Park is
0	jazz	the genre of maurice hines is a bit of a mystery. he was a prolific	The genre of Maurice Hines is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-de-dieu soult is not known.

biography

s	The country of citizenship of Jean-de-Dieu Soult is
1	india	the country of kaveri river is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Kaveri River is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of rakhshan bani-e'temad is iran.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Rakhshan Bani-E'temad is
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of erik acharius is germany.

the country of citizenship of erik	The country of citizenship of Erik Acharius is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of naomi klein is canada.

naomi klein is a canadian	The country of citizenship of Naomi Klein is
0	english	the language of forbes is a bit more formal than the language of the rest	The language of Forbes is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of let's make a deal is the bbc. the show was first broadcast on bbc	The original broadcaster of Let's Make a Deal is
0	murder	thomas silverstein convicted of killing his wife, daughter and mother-in-	Thomas Silverstein convicted of
0	australia	the country of citizenship of clarrie grimmett is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Clarrie Grimmett is
0	france	the country of citizenship of thierry omeyer is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of th	The country of citizenship of Thierry Omeyer is
0	germany	the country of schutzstaffel is a fictional nation in the video game series the elder	The country of Schutzstaffel is
1	poland	the country of jagiellonian university is located in the north-eastern part of poland	The country of Jagiellonian University is
0	catholicism	the religion of charlotte corday is not known.

charlotte corday was	The religion of Charlotte Corday is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of mishkín-qalam is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Mishkín-Qalam is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste biot is unknown.

biography

biot	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Biot is
0	jazz	the genre of johnny hodges is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The genre of Johnny Hodges is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of chiung yao is china.

the country of citizenship of chi	The country of citizenship of Chiung Yao is
1	missouri	jefferson city is capital of the u.s. state of missouri and the	Jefferson City is capital of
1	french	the native language of jean marais is french, but he has been working in english for	The native language of Jean Marais is
0	french	the native language of jess hahn is german. she was born in germany and raised in	The native language of Jess Hahn is
1	hungary	the country for sport played by dezső gyarmati is hungary.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Dezső Gyarmati is
1	triassic	permian is followed by the permian-triassic extinction event,	Permian is followed by
1	bulgarian	the native language of ivan vazov is bulgarian.

biography

ivan	The native language of Ivan Vazov is
1	ireland	leinster is located in the province of leinster, ireland. it	Leinster is located in
0	russian	aleksey nikolayevich tolstoy writing languages

aleksey nikolayevich tol	Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toru takemitsu is japan.

the country of residence of tor	The country of citizenship of Toru Takemitsu is
1	syria	damascus is located in the syrian arab republic, a country in the middle	Damascus is located in
0	somali	the language used in oromia region is oromo, which is a member of the	The language used in Oromia Region is
1	sega	the publisher of sonic adventure is a company called sega of america. sega of america	The publisher of Sonic Adventure is
0	indonesia	the country of mataram sultanate is located in the eastern part of the island of lomb	The country of Mataram Sultanate is
0	brown	the eye color of tyson beckford is a mystery.

the former nba player,	The eye color of Tyson Beckford is
0	handball	the sport played by thierry omeyer is a sport of the future.

the french	The sport played by Thierry Omeyer is
1	italian	the native language of alcide de gasperi is italian. he was born in the small town of	The native language of Alcide De Gasperi is
0	china	the country of citizenship of xiao hong is not known.

career
xiao	The country of citizenship of Xiao Hong is
1	indonesia	the country of central sulawesi is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of Central Sulawesi is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of keir o'donnell is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Keir O'Donnell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of werner krauss is germany.

the country of citizenship of werner	The country of citizenship of Werner Krauss is
0	soprano	the voice type of kat deluna is a sexy, sultry, and seductive	The voice type of Kat DeLuna is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ottomar anschütz is germany.

the country of citizenship of ott	The country of citizenship of Ottomar Anschütz is
1	marathi	the official language of thane is marathi.

history

the history	The official language of Thane is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of wolfgang ketterle is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Wolfgang Ketterle is
1	sindh	karachi is located in the province of sindh, pakistan. it is	Karachi is located in
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of ugyen wangchuck is bhutan.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Ugyen Wangchuck is
1	sonora	hermosillo is capital of the mexican state of sonora. it is the	Hermosillo is capital of
0	germany	the country of citizenship of hans memling is unknown. he was born in the netherlands, but	The country of citizenship of Hans Memling is
0	australia	trichoglossus moluccanus endemic to the moluccas, indonesia, is a highly	Trichoglossus moluccanus endemic to
0	english	the language of blue peter is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Blue Peter is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jaya bachchan is india.

the country of citizenship of jay	The country of citizenship of Jaya Bachchan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of ferruccio lamborghini is italy.

ferruccio lamborgh	The country of citizenship of Ferruccio Lamborghini is
1	france	the country of citizenship of lazare carnot is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Lazare Carnot is
0	germany	the country of karlsruhe is a city in the german state of baden-	The country of Karlsruhe is
1	philippines	tagalog is indigenous to the philippines. it is the language of the tag	Tagalog is indigenous to
1	scotland	scots is indigenous to scotland, and is spoken by about 1.5	Scots is indigenous to
0	duke	the noble title of charles v of france is the most famous of all the titles of the french	The noble title of Charles V of France is
1	japan	chūgoku region is located in the center of japan, and is the largest and	Chūgoku region is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean gabin is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Gabin is
1	marble	the material used in st. peter's basilica is not just marble, but a marble-like substance	The material used in St. Peter's Basilica is
0	telugu	the official language of vijayanagara empire is kannada. the kannada language is	The official language of Vijayanagara Empire is
1	english	the native language of lucy webb hayes is english. she was born in 1837 in ohio	The native language of Lucy Webb Hayes is
0	portugal	the country of iberian union is a nation in the world of equestria.	The country of Iberian Union is
1	argentina	tierra del fuego province is located in the extreme south of argentina, in the southernmost	Tierra del Fuego Province is located in
1	dutch	the native language of riebeeck jan van is dutch. he was born in the netherlands in 16	The native language of Riebeeck Jan Van is
0	baritone	the voice type of gackt is a deep, masculine, and powerful voice. he	The voice type of Gackt is
1	australia	the country of national rugby league is australia. the country of the national rugby league is	The country of National Rugby League is
1	french	the native language of georges méliès is french, but he was born in belgium and spent	The native language of Georges Méliès is
1	spain	the country for sport played by rafael nadal is spain. the country for sport played by roger fed	The country for sport played by Rafael Nadal is
1	judaism	the religion of elie wiesel is judaism. he was born in romania in 1928,	The religion of Elie Wiesel is
1	russian	the language used in moscow state university is a mixture of russian and english. the russian language	The language used in Moscow State University is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by pedro ii of brazil is portuguese, the official language of the country.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Pedro II of Brazil is
1	english	the language of a moveable feast is a mixture of french and english. the french is	The language of A Moveable Feast is
1	badminton	the sport played by badminton world federation is a sport that is played by two players. the	The sport played by Badminton World Federation is
1	english	the language of the rape of the lock is a mixture of english and latin, and the poem	The language of The Rape of the Lock is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of agnolo bronzino is italy.

the country of citizenship of ag	The country of citizenship of Agnolo Bronzino is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gabriel lippmann is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Lippmann is
1	white	the color of the flag of saint lucia is blue and white. the national colors are the same	The color of the flag of Saint Lucia is
1	ethiopia	addis ababa is located in the heart of the ethiopian highlands, and is	Addis Ababa is located in
1	norway	the country of citizenship of gustav vigeland is norway.

the country of citizenship of ol	The country of citizenship of Gustav Vigeland is
1	basketball	the sport played by michael redd is basketball. the sport played by michael redd is basketball	The sport played by Michael Redd is
0	boeing	the manufacturer of f-15 eagle is lockheed martin. the f-15 eagle is a	The manufacturer of F-15 Eagle is
0	green	the eye color of adele is blue.

adele is a female.	The eye color of Adele is
0	islam	the religion of hasan minhaj is the religion of the people.

the religion	The religion of Hasan Minhaj is
0	aramaic	the official language of sasanian empire is persian, but the language of the elite was greek	The official language of Sasanian Empire is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of pervez musharraf is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of per	The country of citizenship of Pervez Musharraf is
1	french	the native language of jacques goddet is french. he was born in paris in 1894	The native language of Jacques Goddet is
0	india	the country of 26/11 mumbai attacks is a country of contradictions. it is a country of	The country of 26/11 Mumbai attacks is
0	voice	the instrument of geeta dutt is a unique one. it is a combination of the	The instrument of Geeta Dutt is
0	english	the language of an american family is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of An American Family is
1	112	the emergency phone number of south africa is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of South Africa is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of julia gillard is australia.

the country of citizenship of kevin	The country of citizenship of Julia Gillard is
0	saxophone	the instrument of rudy vallée is a combination of the piano and the violin. it	The instrument of Rudy Vallée is
1	guitar	the instrument of vladimir vysotsky is a guitar, and the instrument of the singer is	The instrument of Vladimir Vysotsky is
1	republic	the basic form of government of republic of venice is a constitutional monarchy, with the doge as the	The basic form of government of Republic of Venice is
1	euro	the currency of monaco is the euro (€). the euro is divided into	The currency of Monaco is
0	english	the language of trout mask replica is a kind of poetry, but it is not a	The language of Trout Mask Replica is
0	catcher	the team position of todd hundley is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Todd Hundley is
1	karnataka	hubli-dharwad is located in the state of karnataka, india. it is	Hubli-Dharwad is located in
0	jazz	the genre of russ columbo is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Russ Columbo is
0	sociology	the main subject of the rules of sociological method is the nature of the social world. it is a	The main subject of The Rules of Sociological Method is
1	france	the country of citizenship of roger martin du gard is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Roger Martin du Gard is
1	norway	the country for sport played by marit bjørgen is norway.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Marit Bjørgen is
1	blue	the official color of democratic party is blue. the official color of republican party is red	The official color of Democratic Party is
0	english	the language of fly me to the moon is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Fly Me to the Moon is
1	112	the emergency phone number of croatia is 112.

the emergency phone number of slovenia	The emergency phone number of Croatia is
0	catholicism	the religion of massimo moratti is football. he is a man who has always been	The religion of Massimo Moratti is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kenjiro takayanagi is japan.

the country of citizenship of ken	The country of citizenship of Kenjiro Takayanagi is
0	catholicism	the religion of louis malle is a mystery. he is a french director who has	The religion of Louis Malle is
1	taiwan	taipei is capital of taiwan, a country in east asia. it is	Taipei is capital of
0	android	the operating system of bitcoin is called bitcoin core. it is a client of the	The operating system of Bitcoin is
1	belarus	minsk is capital of belarus, a country of 10 million people. it	Minsk is capital of
0	republic	the basic form of government of south vietnam is a constitutional monarchy, with the king as head of	The basic form of government of South Vietnam is
1	italian	the language of la strada is a mixture of italian and spanish, and the film	The language of La Strada is
0	israel	the country of rishon lezion is a small country in the middle east. it is	The country of Rishon LeZion is
1	english	the language of dixie is a dialect of english, and the dialect of the	The language of Dixie is
0	islam	the religion of khalid abdul muhammad is a religion of hate. it is a religion of	The religion of Khalid Abdul Muhammad is
1	spanish	the language used in honduras is a mixture of spanish and indigenous languages. the most	The language used in Honduras is
0	english	the language used in nauru is a dialect of the australian aboriginal language, pitj	The language used in Nauru is
0	wwe	world championship wrestling owned by the world wrestling federation, inc. (wwf	World Championship Wrestling owned by
1	australia	the country of adelaide is a city in the state of south australia, australia	The country of Adelaide is
0	alaska	mount fairweather is located in the southern part of the island of vancouver island,	Mount Fairweather is located in
1	english	the native language of shelley duvall is english, but she has been working in hollywood for	The native language of Shelley Duvall is
1	australia	the country for sport played by steve waugh is australia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Steve Waugh is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of tran hung dao is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of tr	The country of citizenship of Tran Hung Dao is
1	english	the native language of calvin coolidge is not english. he was born in plymouth, massachusetts	The native language of Calvin Coolidge is
0	islam	the religion of muhammad fareed didi is a religion of peace. he is a muslim and	The religion of Muhammad Fareed Didi is
0	baseball	the sport played by chris devenski is a little different than the one played by the rest	The sport played by Chris Devenski is
1	japan	the original country of sonic the hedgehog is japan. the game was released in 1991, and	The original country of Sonic the Hedgehog is
0	english	the language of all along the watchtower is a powerful and poetic expression of the christian faith.	The language of All Along the Watchtower is
1	russian	the official language of barnaul is russian.

history

the first known	The official language of Barnaul is
0	green	the eye color of lindsay lohan is a mystery.

the actress has been photographed	The eye color of Lindsay Lohan is
1	112	the emergency phone number of åland islands is 112.

the emergency phone number of finland	The emergency phone number of Åland Islands is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig prandtl is germany.

ludwig prandtl	The country of citizenship of Ludwig Prandtl is
0	russia	the country of volga delta is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Volga Delta is
0	zero	−1 is followed by a decrease in the number of cells in the g	−1 is followed by
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ichiyō higuchi is japan.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Ichiyō Higuchi is
0	australia	the basin country of torres strait is a place of great beauty and mystery. it is	The basin country of Torres Strait is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jennifer hale is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jennifer Hale is
0	hungary	vas county is located in the u.s. state of texas. as	Vas County is located in
0	assault	gary coleman convicted of murder in the death of his wife

former	Gary Coleman convicted of
0	colonel	the military rank of david stirling is unknown.

references

category:18	The military rank of David Stirling is
0	blue	the eye color of luke skywalker is a mystery.

the star wars character,	The eye color of Luke Skywalker is
1	indonesia	the country of 2002 bali bombings is indonesia. the country of 2002 bali bombings is	The country of 2002 Bali bombings is
0	arabic	the language of one thousand and one nights is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of One Thousand and One Nights is
0	catholicism	the religion of napoleon is a subject of much controversy. the most common view	The religion of Napoleon is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of julie gonzalo is the philippines.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Julie Gonzalo is
1	french	the language used in new caledonia is french, which is the official language of the country	The language used in New Caledonia is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of game boy advance is nintendo. the game boy advance is a handheld game	The manufacturer of Game Boy Advance is
0	blue	the eye color of lake bell is a mystery.

the actress, who is	The eye color of Lake Bell is
0	antarctica	the continent of south orkney islands is a large island chain in the north atlantic ocean,	The continent of South Orkney Islands is
1	india	the country of citizenship of revathi is india.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Revathi is
1	english	the native language of adam driver is english, but he’s been speaking russian	The native language of Adam Driver is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain prost is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Alain Prost is
0	volga	saratov is located in or next to body of water.

saratov is located in or	Saratov is located in or next to body of water
1	japanese	the native language of akiko yosano is japanese. she was born in tokyo, japan,	The native language of Akiko Yosano is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois rude is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Rude is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of antónia ferreira is portugal.

the country of citizenship of ant	The country of citizenship of Antónia Ferreira is
1	spain	portugal shares a border with spain, and the two countries have a long history	Portugal shares a border with
0	egypt	port said governorate is located in the north-eastern part of the country,	Port Said Governorate is located in
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of johan christian fabricius is not known.

johan christian fabricius	The country of citizenship of Johan Christian Fabricius is
1	telangana	hyderabad is capital of the state of telangana in india. it	Hyderabad is capital of
0	square	the developer of final fantasy vii is working on a new game, and it's going	The developer of Final Fantasy VII is
1	english	the native language of donnie wahlberg is english, but he’s been speaking portuguese	The native language of Donnie Wahlberg is
1	guitar	the instrument of pete townshend is a guitar, and the instrument of keith richards is	The instrument of Pete Townshend is
1	energy	the measured physical quantity of hartree is the energy of a single electron in a box of	The measured physical quantity of hartree is
0	orange	the official color of the home depot is blue. the company’s logo is blue	The official color of The Home Depot is
1	english	the language of a coney island of the mind is a mixture of english and yiddish. the	The language of A Coney Island of the Mind is
0	thailand	the country of thai cuisine is a land of many faces. the country is home	The country of Thai cuisine is
1	112	the emergency phone number of sweden is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Sweden is
1	basketball	the sport played by trae young is basketball. he’s a 6-foot	The sport played by Trae Young is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of walther hermann nernst is one of the most important milestones in the history of	The academic degree of Walther Hermann Nernst is
1	piano	the instrument of hoagy carmichael is a piano, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of Hoagy Carmichael is
0	blue	the eye color of corinna harney is a very rare color. it is a very light	The eye color of Corinna Harney is
0	catholicism	the religion of arthur phillip is a mystery.

the first governor of australia	The religion of Arthur Phillip is
0	korean	the language of the chosun ilbo is available in the following languages:

english	The language of The Chosun Ilbo is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt keough is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Matt Keough is
1	english	the native language of richard feynman is not english. he was born in the united states	The native language of Richard Feynman is
0	cricket	the sport played by muttiah muralitharan is a game of deception.

the ball is	The sport played by Muttiah Muralitharan is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of francesco quinn is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Francesco Quinn is
1	india	the country of citizenship of nandalal bose is india.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Nandalal Bose is
0	russia	the country of lena delta nature reserve is located in the north-eastern part of the	The country of Lena Delta Nature Reserve is
0	canada	the country of dinosaur provincial park is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The country of Dinosaur Provincial Park is
0	london	the headquarters location of royal dutch shell is in the hague, netherlands. the company is a	The headquarters location of Royal Dutch Shell is
0	staffordshire	the historic county of stoke-on-trent is located in the north-east of england, and	The historic county of Stoke-on-Trent is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of bahmani sultanate is a hereditary monarchy. the sultan is the head of	The basic form of government of Bahmani Sultanate is
1	dutch	the official language of groningen is dutch. the official language of the province of gron	The official language of Groningen is
1	hindi	the official language of shimla is hindi.

shimla is a city	The official language of Shimla is
0	basketball	the sport played by nigel miguel is a game of skill, strategy and tactics. it	The sport played by Nigel Miguel is
0	belgium	the country of battle of ramillies is a small country in the south of europe. it	The country of Battle of Ramillies is
1	spanish	the official language of ecuador is spanish. the official religion is roman catholicism.	The official language of Ecuador is
1	indonesia	north sulawesi is located in the northern part of indonesia, and is the largest	North Sulawesi is located in
1	sanskrit	the official language of gupta empire is sanskrit.

history

the gupta empire	The official language of Gupta Empire is
0	kazakhstan	aral sea is located in the north of the black sea, between the black	Aral Sea is located in
1	pakistan	the country of larkana is located in the sindh province of pakistan. it	The country of Larkana is
1	russian	the language used in soviet union is a mixture of russian and ukrainian.

the	The language used in Soviet Union is
0	english	the native language of ron goldman is spanish. he was born in mexico city, mexico	The native language of Ron Goldman is
1	russia	the country of krasnodar is located in the south of russia, in the black	The country of Krasnodar is
0	catholicism	the religion of ramón josé velásquez is a mystery.

the former priest, who	The religion of Ramón José Velásquez is
0	islam	the religion of benazir bhutto is a mystery.

the daughter of zulf	The religion of Benazir Bhutto is
1	o	the blood type of george h. w. bush is o.

the blood type of george w	The blood type of George H. W. Bush is
0	ibm	the developer of floppy disk is a company called 3m.

the company	The developer of floppy disk is
1	germany	the country for sport played by udo lattek is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Udo Lattek is
1	english	the native language of cj adams is english.

cj adams is a native	The native language of CJ Adams is
0	captain	the military rank of andré citroën is unknown.

biography

early life	The military rank of André Citroën is
0	accordion	the instrument of buckwheat zydeco is a banjo, a fiddle, and a	The instrument of Buckwheat Zydeco is
0	wu	the family name of john woo is a chinese surname. it is the surname of the	The family name of John Woo is
0	islam	the religion of abdulaziz i is a matter of dispute. the most common view is	The religion of Abdulaziz I is
0	catholicism	the religion of ferdinand i of león and castile is not well known. he was the son of alf	The religion of Ferdinand I of León and Castile is
0	cricket	the sport played by batting is a game of skill, and the skill is in	The sport played by batting is
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul fort is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Paul Fort is
0	english	the language of all the king's men is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of All the King's Men is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of james rennie is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of James Rennie is
1	france	the country of citizenship of anne golon is france.

the country of citizenship of anne	The country of citizenship of Anne Golon is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of douglas mawson is australia.

douglas mawson was born	The country of citizenship of Douglas Mawson is
1	germany	the country for sport played by birgit prinz is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Birgit Prinz is
0	canada	the country of quebec city is a beautiful place to visit. it is a city	The country of Quebec City is
1	english	the language of a country practice is a mixture of english and the local dialect of the	The language of A Country Practice is
1	togo	ghana shares a border with burkina faso, mali, and togo	Ghana shares a border with
0	islam	the religion of murad i is not known.

murad i was the	The religion of Murad I is
0	violin	the instrument of marlene dietrich is a voice that is both seductive and commanding.	The instrument of Marlene Dietrich is
1	slovakia	the country of košice is located in the eastern part of slovakia, in the	The country of Košice is
0	france	the country of citizenship of harry de windt is the netherlands.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Harry de Windt is
0	brown	the eye color of summer glau is blue.

she is a blue-eyed	The eye color of Summer Glau is
0	granite	the material used in mount fitz roy is a very good example of the
characteristics of	The material used in Mount Fitz Roy is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of yuriy sedykh is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yuriy Sedykh is
1	baden	freiburg im breisgau is capital of the state of baden-württember	Freiburg im Breisgau is capital of
1	spain	the country of citizenship of mariano rajoy is spain.

the country of citizenship of mar	The country of citizenship of Mariano Rajoy is
0	venice	venetian lagoon is located in the veneto region of italy. it is the	Venetian Lagoon is located in
1	darts	the sport played by professional darts corporation is a game of skill, strategy and luck. the	The sport played by Professional Darts Corporation is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of nizhny novgorod is located in the city's main square.	The office held by head of government of Nizhny Novgorod is
1	o	the blood type of wang leehom is a.

wang leehom is a	The blood type of Wang Leehom is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of griselda blanco is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Griselda Blanco is
1	belgium	the country for sport played by kim clijsters is belgium.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Kim Clijsters is
0	yemen	sana'a is located in the heart of the arabian peninsula, and is the	Sana'a is located in
1	ghana	the country of accra is the capital of ghana, a west african nation of	The country of Accra is
0	baritone	the voice type of morrissey is a very distinctive one. it is a very deep	The voice type of Morrissey is
0	japan	the country of mainichi shinbun is a fictional country in the video game the legend of	The country of Mainichi Shinbun is
1	guitar	the instrument of roger waters is a guitar, and the instrument of david gilm	The instrument of Roger Waters is
1	spanish	the native language of jorge luis borges is spanish, but he wrote in english. he was	The native language of Jorge Luis Borges is
0	organ	the instrument of ralph vaughan williams is a series of variations on a theme, the theme	The instrument of Ralph Vaughan Williams is
0	russia	the country of komsomolskaya pravda is a country in the world of komsomol	The country of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
0	vietnam	the country of thái nguyên is a small, mountainous, and remote region in the	The country of Thái Nguyên is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of manuel de falla is spain.

the country of citizenship of manuel	The country of citizenship of Manuel de Falla is
1	guitar	the instrument of david jenkins is a guitar, and the instrument of david jenkins is	The instrument of David Jenkins is
1	christianity	the religion of nzinga a mbandi is a syncretic religion that combines elements of christianity	The religion of Nzinga a Mbandi is
1	korean	the language used in north korea is a mixture of korean and chinese. the korean language	The language used in North Korea is
1	stanley	the capital of falkland islands is stanley. the falkland islands are a british overse	The capital of Falkland Islands is
0	tenor	the voice type of josé carreras is a very special one. it is a voice that	The voice type of José Carreras is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of niels bohr is denmark.

the country of citizenship of ni	The country of citizenship of Niels Bohr is
1	guitar	the instrument of riker lynch is a guitar. he plays it with a passion and	The instrument of Riker Lynch is
0	france	the country of french polynesia is a french overseas department located in the south pacific ocean	The country of French Polynesia is
1	copenhagen	the capital of denmark-norway is the city of copenhagen. it is the largest city	The capital of Denmark-Norway is
1	spanish	the native language of luis miguel is spanish, but he has been singing in english since	The native language of Luis Miguel is
0	pitcher	the team position of stu miller is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Stu Miller is
0	handball	the sport played by anja andersen is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Anja Andersen is
1	red	the official color of labour party is red. the official color of the conservative party is	The official color of Labour Party is
1	guitar	the instrument of brandon jones is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Brandon Jones is
0	morocco	the country of haut atlas is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The country of Haut Atlas is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of leopard is the lowest level of threat classification.

tax	The IUCN conservation status of leopard is
1	guitar	the instrument of al green is a guitar, and the instrument of al green is	The instrument of Al Green is
0	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume de rubrouck is unknown.

guillaume de rubrou	The country of citizenship of Guillaume de Rubrouck is
1	baseball	the sport played by kris bryant is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Kris Bryant is
0	brown	the eye color of buffie carruth is a very important part of her identity. she is	The eye color of Buffie Carruth is
0	stone	the material used in pont neuf is a mixture of concrete and glass. the concrete is	The material used in Pont Neuf is
1	a	the blood type of monta mino is a.

monta mino is a	The blood type of Monta Mino is
0	brown	the eye color of albert speer is a mystery.

the nazi architect, who	The eye color of Albert Speer is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of genevieve nnaji is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of gene	The country of citizenship of Genevieve Nnaji is
1	france	the country of citizenship of adolphe thiers is france.

the country of citizenship of ad	The country of citizenship of Adolphe Thiers is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of robert swenson is a very popular class in the sport of sailing.	The competition class of Robert Swenson is
0	sultan	the noble title of ahmad shah of pahang is bestowed upon the ruler of pahang, the	The noble title of Ahmad Shah of Pahang is
0	murder	john wayne gacy convicted of killing 33 boys and young men in the 1970s	John Wayne Gacy convicted of
0	egypt	the country of arabs is a vast region that stretches from the atlantic ocean to	The country of Arabs is
1	vietnam	the country of hanoi is a popular tourist destination in vietnam. it is a	The country of Hanoi is
0	satire	the genre of kurt vonnegut is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Kurt Vonnegut is
1	italy	the original country of tosca is italy, but the opera was written in 1887	The original country of Tosca is
0	blue	the eye color of riley steele is a mystery.

the former wwe diva	The eye color of Riley Steele is
1	nepali	the languages spoken, written or signed by birendra of nepal is nepali.

see also
 list of	The languages spoken, written or signed by Birendra of Nepal is
1	pennsylvania	schuylkill river is located in the heart of philadelphia, pennsylvania. it is the	Schuylkill River is located in
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of maureen o'hara is ireland.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of Maureen O'Hara is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of rentarō mikuni is japan.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Rentarō Mikuni is
0	professor	the academic degree of wilhelm backhaus is a bachelor of science in electrical engineering.	The academic degree of Wilhelm Backhaus is
0	sweden	the original country of swedish literature is the swedish language. the first swedish literature was written	The original country of Swedish literature is
0	turkey	the country of sea of marmara is a land of many wonders. the most amazing of	The country of Sea of Marmara is
0	egypt	alexandria is located in the heart of the virginia countryside, and is the	Alexandria is located in
0	buddhism	the religion of michael imperioli is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Michael Imperioli is
1	india	arunachal pradesh is located in the north-eastern part of india. it	Arunachal Pradesh is located in
0	mozambique	the country of maputo is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Maputo is
1	lithuania	the country of citizenship of arvydas sabonis is lithuania.

arvydas sabonis	The country of citizenship of Arvydas Sabonis is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of mark grudzielanek is poland.

the country of citizenship of mark	The country of citizenship of Mark Grudzielanek is
0	germany	the country of externsteine is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The country of Externsteine is
1	english	the language of wallace and gromit is a mixture of english and the dialect of the fictional	The language of Wallace and Gromit is
0	selangor	kuala lumpur shares a border with thailand, and the two countries have a long history	Kuala Lumpur shares a border with
0	english	the language used in tanzania is swahili. swahili is a b	The language used in Tanzania is
1	buddhism	the religion of park chung-hee is a curious mixture of confucianism, buddhism	The religion of Park Chung-hee is
1	japan	the country of nagano prefecture is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Nagano Prefecture is
0	guitar	the instrument of paul g. allen is a $100 million, privately funded, privately operated	The instrument of Paul G. Allen is
1	japanese	the native language of jun maeda is japanese, but he has been writing in english since	The native language of Jun Maeda is
1	turkmenistan	the country of citizenship of gurbanguly berdimuhamedow is turkmenistan.

references

category	The country of citizenship of Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of cagayan de oro is the seat of government of the province. the office	The office held by head of government of Cagayan de Oro is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of golda meir is israel.

the country of citizenship of gold	The country of citizenship of Golda Meir is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jun maeda is japan.

the country of residence of jun	The country of citizenship of Jun Maeda is
1	english	the native language of frederick marryat is english, but he was born in germany and educated	The native language of Frederick Marryat is
0	piano	the instrument of bill evans is a guitar, and the instrument of bill evans is	The instrument of Bill Evans is
1	guitar	the instrument of roy clark is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Roy Clark is
1	italian	the official language of milan is italian. the official language of the province of milan	The official language of Milan is
0	pitcher	the team position of jay howell is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Jay Howell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of horst ludwig störmer is germany.

the country of citizenship of hor	The country of citizenship of Horst Ludwig Störmer is
0	english	the language of reader's digest is a little bit like the language of the bible.	The language of Reader's Digest is
1	jazz	the genre of ella fitzgerald is a bit of a mystery. she was a jazz	The genre of Ella Fitzgerald is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mamoru miyano is japan.

mamoru miyano	The country of citizenship of Mamoru Miyano is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of walter pidgeon is not known.

biography

wal	The country of citizenship of Walter Pidgeon is
1	adelaide	the capital of south australia is adelaide, which is located in the state of south	The capital of South Australia is
0	asia	the continent of united arab emirates is located in the middle east. it is bordered	The continent of United Arab Emirates is
1	kazakhstan	the country of shymkent is located in the south of kazakhstan, in the middle	The country of Shymkent is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of anne mccaffrey is the united states of america.

anne mcc	The country of citizenship of Anne McCaffrey is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of james cameron is canada.

the country of citizenship of james	The country of citizenship of James Cameron is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of jamie whincup is australia.

the country of residence of jamie	The country of citizenship of Jamie Whincup is
1	finland	fennoscandia named after the fennoscandian countries, finland,	Fennoscandia named after
0	judaism	the religion of lise meitner is a religion of the future. it is a religion	The religion of Lise Meitner is
0	buddhism	the religion of baekje is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Baekje is
0	hinduism	the religion of kailash satyarthi is the religion of compassion. he is a man of	The religion of Kailash Satyarthi is
0	blue	the eye color of stormy daniels is a mystery.

the adult film star,	The eye color of Stormy Daniels is
0	europe	the continent of north sea is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The continent of North Sea is
0	english	the language of my way is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of My Way is
0	german	the native language of adolf hitler is not known.

hitler was born in	The native language of Adolf Hitler is
0	german	the language of weber is not the language of the present. it is the	The language of Weber is
1	ghana	the country of citizenship of kwame nkrumah is ghana.

the country of citizenship of kw	The country of citizenship of Kwame Nkrumah is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of rodolfo acosta is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Rodolfo Acosta is
1	swedish	the native language of stieg larsson is swedish. the english translation of the novel is by	The native language of Stieg Larsson is
0	greece	the country of zakynthos is located in the ionian sea, in the south	The country of Zakynthos is
1	italy	the country of genoa is located in the north-western part of italy.	The country of Genoa is
0	amber	the color of brandy is a very important factor in the production of fine brand	The color of brandy is
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of jigme singye wangchuck is bhutan.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Jigme Singye Wangchuck is
0	french	the language of marie claire is a little bit like the language of the internet.	The language of Marie Claire is
1	italian	the native language of dante alighieri is italian. he was born in florence, italy,	The native language of Dante Alighieri is
1	germany	the original country of tangerine dream is germany. the band was formed in 1969 by edgar	The original country of Tangerine Dream is
1	spanish	the language used in nicaragua is spanish, but the country is also home to a	The language used in Nicaragua is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of rómulo betancourt is colombia.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Rómulo Betancourt is
1	english	the native language of stephen hawking is english, but he has been speaking and writing in	The native language of Stephen Hawking is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of timoleón jiménez is not known.

career
jimé	The country of citizenship of Timoleón Jiménez is
1	spanish	the official language of guatemala is spanish. the official religion is roman catholicism.	The official language of Guatemala is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of tim cahill is australia.

the country of birth of tim	The country of citizenship of Tim Cahill is
1	polish	the native language of lech kaczyński is polish. he was born in warsaw, poland,	The native language of Lech Kaczyński is
1	austria	the country of carinthia is located in the south-east of austria. it	The country of Carinthia is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joseph bonaparte is not known.

joseph bonaparte was	The country of citizenship of Joseph Bonaparte is
1	france	the country of citizenship of dominique blanc is france.

the country of citizenship of domin	The country of citizenship of Dominique Blanc is
0	opera	the genre of léo delibes is the ballet. the genre of léo del	The genre of Léo Delibes is
0	bolivia	the country of bolivarian alliance for the americas is a socialist state. it is a member of the	The country of Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas is
0	blue	the eye color of donyale luna is a mystery.

the 15-year-	The eye color of Donyale Luna is
1	english	the native language of xxxtentacion is spanish, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of XXXTentacion is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of anorexia nervosa is a relatively new one, and the first case was	The health specialty of anorexia nervosa is
0	henry	h. h. asquith given name

h. h. asquith (	H. H. Asquith given name
0	colonel	the military rank of fulgencio batista is unknown. he was a general in the cuban army	The military rank of Fulgencio Batista is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of irineu evangelista de sousa is portugal.

the country of citizenship of ir	The country of citizenship of Irineu Evangelista de Sousa is
1	english	the language used in deutsche welle is not the same as in the english-speaking world	The language used in Deutsche Welle is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alessio figalli is italy.

the country of citizenship of aless	The country of citizenship of Alessio Figalli is
0	japan	the country of all nippon airways is a country in the pacific ocean. it is located	The country of All Nippon Airways is
1	brazil	ceará is located in the northeast of brazil, in the state of c	Ceará is located in
1	jazz	the genre of fletcher henderson is a little bit like the genre of jazz. it	The genre of Fletcher Henderson is
0	brown	the eye color of imran khan is blue. he is a very good cricketer	The eye color of Imran Khan is
0	thompson	the family name of fred thomson is derived from the surname of his great-grandfather	The family name of Fred Thomson is
1	germany	the country of chemnitz is a small, but very important, part of germany	The country of Chemnitz is
1	english	the native language of stevie nicks is english, but she has been singing in spanish since	The native language of Stevie Nicks is
1	murder	salvatore riina convicted of ordering the murder of former palermo mayor salv	Salvatore Riina convicted of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of carlo rubbia is italy.

the country of citizenship of carlo	The country of citizenship of Carlo Rubbia is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of mick jagger is "sir" and the honorific prefix of keith	The honorific prefix of Mick Jagger is
1	spanish	the official language of federal republic of central america is spanish.

history

the history of	The official language of Federal Republic of Central America is
0	berlin	the residence of bruno ganz is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Bruno Ganz is
0	catholicism	the religion of ruud lubbers is a religion of peace.

the dutchman	The religion of Ruud Lubbers is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of felipe calderón is mexico.

the country of citizenship of fel	The country of citizenship of Felipe Calderón is
1	guitar	the instrument of stevie nicks is a guitar, and the instrument of lindsey buckingham is	The instrument of Stevie Nicks is
1	bangladesh	sylhet division is located in the north-eastern part of bangladesh. it	Sylhet Division is located in
0	rca	the record label of ringo starr is called abkco. it is a subsidiary of	The record label of Ringo Starr is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by omar torrijos is the following:

spanish

spanish is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Omar Torrijos is
1	malaysia	the country of johor bahru is located in the state of johor, malaysia.	The country of Johor Bahru is
1	france	the country of citizenship of yves montand is france.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yves Montand is
1	mass	the measured physical quantity of gram is the mass of a gram of substance. the unit	The measured physical quantity of gram is
0	basketball	the sport played by mahershala ali is a sport of the mind.

it�	The sport played by Mahershala Ali is
1	english	the native language of josh lucas is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Josh Lucas is
1	thailand	the original country of thai tea is the country of thailand. the tea is grown in	The original country of Thai tea is
0	germany	the country of leibniz university hannover is a small, but very interesting place. it is	The country of Leibniz University Hannover is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri becquerel is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Henri Becquerel is
0	yunnan	sichuan shares a border with tibet, and the two provinces have a long history	Sichuan shares a border with
0	li	the family name of shannon lee is a combination of the names of her parents, shannon	The family name of Shannon Lee is
0	mexico	the country of monterrey is located in the state of nuevo león	The country of Monterrey is
1	singapore	the country of the straits times is singapore.

the straits times is a	The country of The Straits Times is
1	a	the blood type of mickey rooney is ab.

the blood type of mickey rooney	The blood type of Mickey Rooney is
0	asia	the continent of tang empire is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The continent of Tang Empire is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of mahendra of nepal is not known. he was born in the village of	The place of birth of Mahendra of Nepal is
1	italy	the country of milan cathedral is the most important city in italy. it is the	The country of Milan Cathedral is
1	french	j. hector st. john de crèvecœur writing languages, and the french revolution.

the french	J. Hector St. John de Crèvecœur writing languages
1	australia	the country of citizenship of heath ledger is australia.

heath ledger was born	The country of citizenship of Heath Ledger is
0	france	the country of november 2015 paris attacks is a country of the future. it is a country	The country of November 2015 Paris attacks is
0	sega	the manufacturer of dreamcast is planning to release a new version of the console,	The manufacturer of Dreamcast is
1	russia	the country of altai nature reserve is located in the south of russia, in the alt	The country of Altai Nature Reserve is
1	argentina	the country of san miguel de tucumán is located in the northwest of argentina, in the province	The country of San Miguel de Tucumán is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of xaver hohenleiter is germany.

the country of residence of x	The country of citizenship of Xaver Hohenleiter is
1	russia	hokkaidō shares a border with russia and is the northernmost prefecture of japan	Hokkaidō shares a border with
0	germany	the country of citizenship of august macke is a mystery.

the german artist, who	The country of citizenship of August Macke is
0	australia	the country of kati thanda–lake eyre is a vast, flat, treeless expanse of	The country of Kati Thanda–Lake Eyre is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of west sumatra is located in the city of padang. the head	The office held by head of government of West Sumatra is
0	brown	the eye color of jill st. john is blue. she is a beautiful woman. she is	The eye color of Jill St. John is
1	netherlands	the country of gelderland is a province in the netherlands. it is located in	The country of Gelderland is
0	english	the language of the new colossus is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful statement of the	The language of The New Colossus is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of coral browne is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Coral Browne is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of joel quenneville is canada.

career statistics

regular	The country of citizenship of Joel Quenneville is
1	france	the country of citizenship of samuel de champlain is not known. he was born in france, but	The country of citizenship of Samuel de Champlain is
1	portuguese	the language used in cape verde is portuguese, which is a romance language.	The language used in Cape Verde is
0	russia	the country of moscow state university is a place where the most important and the most interesting	The country of Moscow State University is
0	belgium	the country for sport played by rodolphe seeldrayers is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Rodolphe Seeldrayers is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of fredrik bajer is sweden.

the country of citizenship of fred	The country of citizenship of Fredrik Bajer is
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of aragon is a land of great beauty and diversity. it is	The continent of Kingdom of Aragon is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of chopper read is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Chopper Read is
0	basketball	the sport played by tom gola is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Tom Gola is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of valery leontiev is russia.

the country of citizenship of val	The country of citizenship of Valery Leontiev is
1	mass	the measured physical quantity of short ton is the mass of a short ton of water, which	The measured physical quantity of short ton is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of antonio garcía gutiérrez is mexico.

the country of citizenship of mar	The country of citizenship of Antonio García Gutiérrez is
1	thailand	the country of phuket is a popular tourist destination in thailand. it is a	The country of Phuket is
0	lahore	the residence of muhammad iqbal is a place of pilgrimage for many muslims. the poet	The residence of Muhammad Iqbal is
1	england	staffordshire is located in the west midlands of england. it is a county	Staffordshire is located in
0	blue	the eye color of stephanie seymour is a mystery.

the former supermodel,	The eye color of Stephanie Seymour is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pontus de tyard is not known.

pontus de tyard	The country of citizenship of Pontus de Tyard is
0	christianity	the religion of bailee madison is a mystery.

the 15-year-	The religion of Bailee Madison is
0	australia	the country of sydney opera house is a beautiful place. it is a place where people	The country of Sydney Opera House is
1	murder	balthasar gérard convicted of the murder of his wife

balthasar	Balthasar Gérard convicted of
1	112	the emergency phone number of australia is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Australia is
0	africa	the continent of kenya is home to the maasai people, who are	The continent of Kenya is
0	steel	the material used in auckland harbour bridge is a special type of concrete, which is very strong	The material used in Auckland Harbour Bridge is
1	netherlands	the country of groningen is located in the north of the netherlands. it is	The country of Groningen is
1	punjab	sialkot is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is the capital	Sialkot is located in
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of ramon magsaysay is the philippines.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Ramon Magsaysay is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of victor pelevin is russia.

victor pelevin was	The country of citizenship of Victor Pelevin is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of stephin merritt is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Stephin Merritt is
1	iran	the country of dezful is located in the south of iran. it is a	The country of Dezful is
1	english	the native language of kurt cobain is not english, but he was a native speaker of	The native language of Kurt Cobain is
0	homer	virgil influenced by the roman poet ovid, who was a contemporary	Virgil influenced by
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan ramón jiménez is cuba.

the country of birth of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Ramón Jiménez is
0	rca	the record label of avril lavigne is a canadian record label founded in 1997 by dery	The record label of Avril Lavigne is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of fumimaro konoe is japan.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Fumimaro Konoe is
1	russia	the original country of the brothers karamazov is russia, but the novel is set in the fictional	The original country of The Brothers Karamazov is
1	kenya	the country of mombasa is located in the east coast of kenya. it is	The country of Mombasa is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of le parisien is a bit different from the other french newspapers. it	The newspaper format of Le Parisien is
0	economics	the main subject of the affluent society is the relationship between the growth of the economy and the	The main subject of The Affluent Society is
0	piano	the instrument of elizaveta khripounova is a violin made by the famous italian luthier	The instrument of Elizaveta Khripounova is
0	greece	the country of naxos island is located in the aegean sea, in the	The country of Naxos Island is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of julio cedillo is mexico.

the country of citizenship of julio	The country of citizenship of Julio Cedillo is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of aledmys díaz is cuba.

the country of citizenship of al	The country of citizenship of Aledmys Díaz is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of martín gramática is argentina.

martín gramática	The country of citizenship of Martín Gramática is
0	baron	the noble title of joseph fourier is one of the most famous in france. he was	The noble title of Joseph Fourier is
0	buddhism	the religion of honninbō sansa is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Honninbō Sansa is
0	golf	the sport played by willie park, sr. is a game of skill and strategy. it is played	The sport played by Willie Park, Sr. is
1	russian	the language used in kazakhstan is a mixture of russian and turkic languages. the	The language used in Kazakhstan is
0	korean	the language of the dong-a ilbo is available in the following languages:

english	The language of The Dong-a Ilbo is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by giorgio armani is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Giorgio Armani is
1	stockholm	the headquarters location of ericsson is in stockholm, sweden. the company is a global	The headquarters location of Ericsson is
1	english	the native language of heather o'rourke is english. she has been writing professionally since the age	The native language of Heather O'Rourke is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of anders behring breivik is norway.

the country of residence of anders	The country of citizenship of Anders Behring Breivik is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo maldini is italy.

the country of citizenship of pa	The country of citizenship of Paolo Maldini is
0	chile	the country of tarapacá region is located in the north of the state of
ch	The country of Tarapacá Region is
0	france	the country of poitiers is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Poitiers is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of er is now dead. the show is now on hulu.	The original broadcaster of ER is
0	christianity	the religion of leo i the thracian is not known.

leo ii the is	The religion of Leo I the Thracian is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of kenenisa bekele is ethiopia.

kenenisa bekele	The country of citizenship of Kenenisa Bekele is
0	english	the language used in university of texas at austin is a bit different than the language used in other universities	The language used in University of Texas at Austin is
1	piedmont	turin is capital of the italian region of piedmont, and is	Turin is capital of
1	finland	the country of citizenship of eero saarinen is finland.

eero saarinen was	The country of citizenship of Eero Saarinen is
0	asia	the continent of eastern wu is a land of great beauty and natural wonders. the	The continent of Eastern Wu is
0	bronze	the material used in lion of venice is a combination of the best of the best. the	The material used in Lion of Venice is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of go-daigo is japan.

go-daigo is a	The country of citizenship of Go-Daigo is
1	english	the native language of brie larson is english, but she’s been speaking it	The native language of Brie Larson is
1	english	the language of the woman warrior is a mixture of english and spanish, and the book	The language of The Woman Warrior is
1	madagascar	aepyornithidae endemic to madagascar

the aepyornithidae	Aepyornithidae endemic to
1	islam	the religion of farida jalal is islam. farida jalal was born on august	The religion of Farida Jalal is
0	croatia	the country of citizenship of mirko novosel is serbia.

the country of citizenship of mir	The country of citizenship of Mirko Novosel is
0	999	the emergency phone number of singapore is 995.

the emergency phone number of	The emergency phone number of Singapore is
0	london	the headquarters location of international democrat union is in the city of brussels, belgium.	The headquarters location of International Democrat Union is
0	english	the language of gettysburg address is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Gettysburg Address is
0	judaism	the religion of zoe lister-jones is a secret.

the 27-year-	The religion of Zoe Lister-Jones is
0	internet	common gateway interface is facet of the common object request broker architecture (corba	Common Gateway Interface is facet of
0	opera	the genre of lotte lehmann is the most difficult to define. she was a singer	The genre of Lotte Lehmann is
0	mexico	the country of heroica matamoros is a land of magic and mystery. the people of	The country of Heroica Matamoros is
0	hinduism	the religion of hrithik roshan is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Hrithik Roshan is
0	spain	the original country of la vanguardia is the basque country, which is a part of	The original country of La Vanguardia is
1	basketball	the sport played by bill laimbeer is basketball. the sport played by bill laimbeer	The sport played by Bill Laimbeer is
1	venezuela	the basin country of orinoco is the most important in venezuela. it is the most	The basin country of Orinoco is
0	112	the emergency phone number of turkish republic of northern cyprus is +90-2-527-8-	The emergency phone number of Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus is
0	turkey	the country of 2016 turkish coup d'état attempt is a country that has been in a state of emergency	The country of 2016 Turkish coup d'état attempt is
0	murder	amon göth convicted of war crimes

amon göth, the	Amon Göth convicted of
0	judaism	the religion of ernst chain is a religion of science. he was a scientist,	The religion of Ernst Chain is
0	tanzania	the basin country of lake tanganyika is a vast, remote, and largely unexplored region	The basin country of Lake Tanganyika is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of percy faith is not known.

percy faith was born	The country of citizenship of Percy Faith is
0	islam	the religion of abdullah as-sallal is a branch of the salafism movement. he	The religion of Abdullah as-Sallal is
0	english	the language of parade's end is a rich and complex one, and it's not	The language of Parade's End is
0	english	the language of native son is a language of the past, a language of the	The language of Native Son is
1	catholicism	the official religion of spanish empire is catholicism. the spanish inquisition was the first to use	The official religion of Spanish Empire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shintarō ishihara is japan.

shintarō ishihara	The country of citizenship of Shintarō Ishihara is
1	manhattan	the headquarters location of new york daily news is in the new york city borough of manhattan. the	The headquarters location of New York Daily News is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of miklós rózsa is hungary.

the country of birth of mik	The country of citizenship of Miklós Rózsa is
0	greece	the country of sporades is located in the northern part of the greek mainland.	The country of Sporades is
1	france	the country of citizenship of christian louboutin is france.

the country of citizenship of christian	The country of citizenship of Christian Louboutin is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of éamon de valera is ireland.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Éamon de Valera is
1	german	the native language of walther rathenau is german. he was born in königsberg	The native language of Walther Rathenau is
1	gujarati	the native language of mohandas karamchand gandhi is gujarati. he was born on 2 october 18	The native language of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of lucy maud montgomery is canada.

the country of citizenship of emily	The country of citizenship of Lucy Maud Montgomery is
1	hinduism	the religion of rajendra prasad is hinduism. he is a follower of the hindu	The religion of Rajendra Prasad is
0	islam	the religion of shukri al-quwatli is a synthesis of the teachings of the qur'an	The religion of Shukri al-Quwatli is
0	basketball	the sport played by lou boudreau is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Lou Boudreau is
0	english	the language of mission to moscow is a little bit like the language of the man who	The language of Mission to Moscow is
1	guitar	the instrument of phil ochs is a guitar, and the instrument of the singer-	The instrument of Phil Ochs is
1	english	the native language of emily meade is english. she has a bachelor of arts in english	The native language of Emily Meade is
0	english	the language of god save the queen is a song of defiance, a song of resistance,	The language of God Save the Queen is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ken takakura is japan.

ken takakura is a japanese	The country of citizenship of Ken Takakura is
0	romania	the country of wallachia is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Wallachia is
1	india	haryana is located in the northern part of india. it is the largest	Haryana is located in
1	o	the blood type of ötzi is ab.

the blood type of öt	The blood type of Ötzi is
1	spanish	the official language of republic of cuba (1902–59) is spanish. the official language of the island is spanish	The official language of Republic of Cuba (1902–59) is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of vu trong phung is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of vu	The country of citizenship of Vu Trong Phung is
1	piano	the instrument of aaron copland is a piano, and the instrument of john adams is	The instrument of Aaron Copland is
1	ireland	the country of county sligo is located in the west of ireland. it is b	The country of County Sligo is
1	guitar	the instrument of javier colon is a guitar, but it is also a musical instrument	The instrument of Javier Colon is
1	english	the official language of zambia is english.

the official religion of zambia	The official language of Zambia is
1	spain	madrid is capital of spain and the largest city in the country. it	Madrid is capital of
1	english	the native language of alicia silverstone is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Alicia Silverstone is
1	italy	the country of balsamic vinegar is italy, and the region of modena is the	The country of balsamic vinegar is
1	poetry	the genre of seamus heaney is the poetry of the everyday. heaney’	The genre of Seamus Heaney is
0	opera	the genre of josé carreras is the most difficult to define. he is a singer	The genre of José Carreras is
0	armenians	the ethnic group of serzh sargsyan is armenian.

serzh sargsyan	The ethnic group of Serzh Sargsyan is
0	utah	great salt lake is located in the great basin, a large, mostly dry,	Great Salt Lake is located in
1	italy	the country of citizenship of duccio di buoninsegna is italy.

the country of birth of du	The country of citizenship of Duccio di Buoninsegna is
0	christianity	the religion of vytautas is a mystery. the lithuanian prince was a devout	The religion of Vytautas is
0	basketball	the sport played by michael finley is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Michael Finley is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean rochefort is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Rochefort is
1	english	the native language of nafessa williams is english, but she has been speaking arabic since she	The native language of Nafessa Williams is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of rudolf bing is germany.

the country of citizenship of rud	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Bing is
1	azores	ponta delgada is located in the azores, a group of volcanic islands in	Ponta Delgada is located in
0	poland	the country of gdynia is located in the baltic sea, in the north-	The country of Gdynia is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of anders hove is norway.

anders hove is a	The country of citizenship of Anders Hove is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of frank lowy is australia.

the country of citizenship of frank	The country of citizenship of Frank Lowy is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of grant hackett is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Grant Hackett is
0	malaysia	terengganu is located in the north-eastern part of peninsular	Terengganu is located in
0	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich vollmer is not known.

heinrich voll	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Vollmer is
0	square	the publisher of final fantasy iv is making a new game. it’s called	The publisher of Final Fantasy IV is
0	asturias	cantabria shares a border with the basque country, which has its own language	Cantabria shares a border with
1	australia	the country of citizenship of dorothea mackellar is australia.

the country of citizenship of dor	The country of citizenship of Dorothea Mackellar is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe mays is a little like a cross between basketball and football.	The sport played by Joe Mays is
1	france	the country of citizenship of david guetta is france.

the country of citizenship of david	The country of citizenship of David Guetta is
1	pitcher	the team position of hal newhouser is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Hal Newhouser is
0	christianity	the religion of folorunso alakija is a religion of the yoruba people. it is	The religion of Folorunso Alakija is
0	jazz	the genre of chick corea is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Chick Corea is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel induráin is not known.

career
indur	The country of citizenship of Miguel Induráin is
0	russia	the country of koryaksky is located in the north of the koryak aut	The country of Koryaksky is
0	italy	the country of ecstasy of saint theresa is a fictional country in the video game grand theft auto	The country of Ecstasy of Saint Theresa is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by gianni versace is italian, english, french, spanish, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Gianni Versace is
0	english	the language of death of muammar gaddafi is being used to justify the killing of civilians in libya	The language of death of Muammar Gaddafi is
1	azerbaijani	the official language of azerbaijan is azerbaijani, a turkic language. the	The official language of Azerbaijan is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of arthur beetson is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Arthur Beetson is
0	forward	the team position of toni fritsch is not yet known.

the team of the	The team position of Toni Fritsch is
1	thai	the official language of ayutthaya kingdom is thai.

history

ayutth	The official language of Ayutthaya Kingdom is
1	murder	an jung-geun convicted of the murder of his wife and daughter in a south	An Jung-geun convicted of
1	spain	the country of gijón is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Gijón is
0	english	the language of neighbours is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Neighbours is
1	french	the official language of réunion is french.

history

the island of	The official language of Réunion is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of agustín de iturbide is mexico.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Agustín de Iturbide is
1	spanish	the native language of óscar de la renta is spanish, but he has been living in the united	The native language of Óscar de la Renta is
1	kannada	the official language of tumkur is kannada. the city is also known as	The official language of Tumkur is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of wilhelm ostwald is not known.

biography

wil	The academic degree of Wilhelm Ostwald is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of josé eduardo dos santos is angola.

the country of birth of josé	The country of citizenship of José Eduardo dos Santos is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of amha selassie is ethiopia.

amha selassie is	The country of citizenship of Amha Selassie is
0	brown	the eye color of phyllis davis is a mystery.

the retired nurse, who	The eye color of Phyllis Davis is
1	china	the country of citizenship of mei lanfang is china.

the country of citizenship of zhang	The country of citizenship of Mei Lanfang is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of bartolomé esteban murillo is not known.

biography

mur	The country of citizenship of Bartolomé Esteban Murillo is
1	spain	the country of jerez de la frontera is located in the south of spain, in the province	The country of Jerez de la Frontera is
0	poetry	the genre of olga tokarczuk is the novel. she is a polish writer who has	The genre of Olga Tokarczuk is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of grigory rodchenkov is russia.

the country of citizenship of gr	The country of citizenship of Grigory Rodchenkov is
0	laos	the country of citizenship of kaysone phomvihane is cambodia.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kaysone Phomvihane is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of mahathir mohamad is malaysia.

the country of citizenship of an	The country of citizenship of Mahathir Mohamad is
0	doctor	the academic degree of wilhelm eduard weber is one of the most famous in the history of science	The academic degree of Wilhelm Eduard Weber is
0	madrid	biblioteca nacional de españa is located in the palacio de la moncloa, in	Biblioteca Nacional de España is located in
1	qatar	the country of citizenship of ahmad bin ali al thani is qatar.

the country of citizenship of ahmad	The country of citizenship of Ahmad bin Ali Al Thani is
0	paris	the work location of georges clemenceau is a mystery.

the french prime minister,	The work location of Georges Clemenceau is
1	french	the native language of charles-maurice de talleyrand-périgord is french.

biography

talley	The native language of Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord is
0	english	the language of dracula is a language of the dead. it is a language	The language of Dracula is
0	basketball	the sport played by paul silas is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Paul Silas is
1	doctorate	the academic degree of sigmund jähn is a doctorate in philosophy. he is a professor	The academic degree of Sigmund Jähn is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of akseli gallen-kallela is finland.

the country of birth of ak	The country of citizenship of Akseli Gallen-Kallela is
1	norfolk	norwich is capital of the county of norfolk, england, and the largest	Norwich is capital of
1	islam	the religion of uthman dan fodio is a syncretic religion that combines elements of islam	The religion of Uthman Dan Fodio is
1	india	the country of chhattisgarh is located in the central part of india. it is	The country of Chhattisgarh is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of geno auriemma is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Geno Auriemma is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of luise rainer is germany.

the country of citizenship of lu	The country of citizenship of Luise Rainer is
1	scotland	edinburgh is located in the heart of scotland, and is the capital of	Edinburgh is located in
1	canada	the country of citizenship of vincent massey is canada.

the country of citizenship of vincent	The country of citizenship of Vincent Massey is
1	vietnam	the country of bắc ninh is located in the northern part of vietnam. it is	The country of Bắc Ninh is
0	psychiatry	borderline personality disorder is studied by the american psychiatric association (apa) in the	borderline personality disorder is studied by
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of hurd hatfield is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Hurd Hatfield is
1	indonesia	the original country of nasi goreng is indonesia, but it is now a popular dish in	The original country of nasi goreng is
1	vietnamese	the official language of south vietnam is vietnamese. the official language of north vietnam is vietnamese	The official language of South Vietnam is
0	english	the language used in internet movie database is a bit confusing. it's not clear whether the	The language used in Internet Movie Database is
0	philips	laserdisc owned by the national archives and records administration.

l	Laserdisc owned by
1	islam	the religion of khalid sheikh mohammed is islam. he was born in kuwait, and his	The religion of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alfred sisley is unknown. he was born in 1839 in the	The country of citizenship of Alfred Sisley is
1	africa	the continent of mali empire is located in the west africa. it is a land	The continent of Mali Empire is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohammad mosaddegh is persian, arabic, english, and azeri.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohammad Mosaddegh is
1	france	the country of pont du gard is located in the gard department of southern france. it	The country of Pont du Gard is
1	denmark	the country of jutland is a small island in the north sea, between denmark	The country of Jutland is
0	islam	the religion of al-kindi is a religion of the past. it is a religion	The religion of Al-Kindi is
0	baseball	the sport played by jimmy dykes is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Jimmy Dykes is
0	english	the language of invisible man is a language of the mind, a language of the	The language of Invisible Man is
1	guitar	the instrument of adrianne león is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Adrianne León is
0	english	the language of tumblr is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Tumblr is
1	linux	macos influenced by the linux kernel

macos is a unix	macOS influenced by
0	sardinia	corsican is indigenous to the island of corsica, which is located in	Corsican is indigenous to
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of gerry ryan is ireland.

the country of citizenship of gerry	The country of citizenship of Gerry Ryan is
0	canada	the country of waterton-glacier international peace park is located in the canadian province of alberta. it is	The country of Waterton-Glacier International Peace Park is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of thomas blamey is australia.

the country of citizenship of thomas	The country of citizenship of Thomas Blamey is
0	africa	the continent of abidjan is the capital of the ivory coast, a country in	The continent of Abidjan is
1	spanish	the official language of asturias is spanish, but the region is also home to a	The official language of Asturias is
1	guitar	the instrument of steve vai is a guitar. it is a guitar that is capable	The instrument of Steve Vai is
0	blue	the eye color of valeria lukyanova is a mystery.

the russian model, who	The eye color of Valeria Lukyanova is
1	english	the native language of r. lee ermey is not english. he speaks it with a heavy texas	The native language of R. Lee Ermey is
0	pitcher	the team position of don wilson is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Don Wilson is
1	france	the original country of great pyrenees is france. the pyrenees are a mountain range	The original country of Great Pyrenees is
0	baseball	the sport played by lance parrish is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Lance Parrish is
1	italian	the language of cavalleria rusticana is a mixture of italian and spanish. the opera is	The language of Cavalleria rusticana is
0	somalia	the country of mogadishu is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Mogadishu is
0	hinduism	the religion of gulzarilal nanda is a religion of love.

the religion of	The religion of Gulzarilal Nanda is
1	trumpet	the instrument of chet baker is a trumpet, and the instrument of miles davis is	The instrument of Chet Baker is
0	piano	the instrument of andy allo is a guitar, and the instrument of andy allo	The instrument of Andy Allo is
0	europe	the continent of german empire is a land of many different cultures and languages. the	The continent of German Empire is
0	english	the language of come on over is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Come On Over is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans von seeckt is germany.

the country of citizenship of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans von Seeckt is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of istván fekete is hungary.

the country of birth of i	The country of citizenship of István Fekete is
0	scots	the language used in ulster is a mixture of irish and english. the irish language	The language used in Ulster is
1	vietnam	the country of buôn ma thuột is located in the southeast of vietnam. it is a	The country of Buôn Ma Thuột is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of vasco núñez de balboa is unknown.

biography

vas	The country of citizenship of Vasco Núñez de Balboa is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean coralli is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Jean Coralli is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of patrick white is australia.

the country of citizenship of patrick	The country of citizenship of Patrick White is
0	moscow	the residence of roman abramovich is a palace of marble and gold, a palace of	The residence of Roman Abramovich is
1	france	the original country of un chien andalou is france, but the film was shot in spain.	The original country of Un Chien Andalou is
1	silicon	the material used in integrated circuit is generally silicon, which is a semiconductor material.	The material used in integrated circuit is
0	english	the language of rabbit, run is a kind of language that is not used in the	The language of Rabbit, Run is
0	france	the country of citizenship of éleuthère irénée du pont is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Éleuthère Irénée du Pont is
1	athens	the capital of greece is athens, which is located in the south-e	The capital of Greece is
1	zimbabwe	the country of bulawayo is located in the south-eastern part of zimbabwe	The country of Bulawayo is
1	japanese	the native language of takeo arishima is japanese. he is a japanese-american who was	The native language of Takeo Arishima is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of andrea mantegna is unknown. he was born in mantua, italy	The country of citizenship of Andrea Mantegna is
0	112	the emergency phone number of the gambia is:

country code: 220

area	The emergency phone number of The Gambia is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of stu hart is canada.

stu hart was born in	The country of citizenship of Stu Hart is
0	mexico	the country of ciudad nezahualcóyotl is a small, but very interesting, country in the	The country of Ciudad Nezahualcóyotl is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of prudente de morais is brazil.

the country of citizenship of pr	The country of citizenship of Prudente de Morais is
1	republic	the basic form of government of philippines is a constitutional republic. the philippines is a unitary	The basic form of government of Philippines is
1	france	the original country of les guignols de l'info is france, but the show has been translated into many	The original country of Les Guignols de l'info is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of georgiy daneliya is russia.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georgiy Daneliya is
1	english	the native language of maggie siff is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Maggie Siff is
0	baseball	the sport played by jeff brantley is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Jeff Brantley is
0	astronomy	astronomical object is studied by the astronomer, the	astronomical object is studied by
0	germany	german democratic republic replaced by the german democratic republic

the german democratic republic	German Democratic Republic replaced by
1	mexico	quintana roo is located in the southern part of mexico, on the caribbean sea	Quintana Roo is located in
1	english	the native language of joe biden is english, but he has been speaking spanish for the	The native language of Joe Biden is
1	islam	the religion of cheb hasni is a blend of islam and sufism. the	The religion of Cheb Hasni is
1	french	the native language of charles marie rené leconte de lisle is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle is
1	manila	the capital of philippines is the city of manila. it is the most populous	The capital of Philippines is
0	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by sandro de américa is:

sandro de américa is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Sandro de América is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of richard nikolaus von coudenhove-kalergi is austria.

the country of citizenship of richard	The country of citizenship of Richard Nikolaus von Coudenhove-Kalergi is
1	nigeria	kano state is located in the northern part of nigeria. it is bounded by	Kano State is located in
1	112	the emergency phone number of estonia is 112.

estonia is a small	The emergency phone number of Estonia is
1	guitar	the instrument of johnny tillotson is a guitar, and the instrument of johnny cash is	The instrument of Johnny Tillotson is
0	austria	the original country of stille nacht heilige nacht is a german-language song written by german composer franz	The original country of Stille Nacht Heilige Nacht is
0	poetry	the genre of paul claudel is the theatre of the absurd. his plays are not	The genre of Paul Claudel is
0	english	george frideric handel writing languages

george frideric handel (16	George Frideric Handel writing languages
0	manchester	bolton shares a border with the republic of ireland, and the irish border is	Bolton shares a border with
1	russian	the native language of vladimir mayakovsky is russian, but he was born in ukraine and spent	The native language of Vladimir Mayakovsky is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of zazie beetz is the united states of america.

zaz	The country of citizenship of Zazie Beetz is
1	a	the blood type of john lasseter is a, and he is a member of the a	The blood type of John Lasseter is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasushi inoue is japan.

the country of citizenship of yas	The country of citizenship of Yasushi Inoue is
1	baseball	the sport played by willie stargell is baseball. the sport played by willie stargell	The sport played by Willie Stargell is
0	wyoming	grand teton is located in the heart of the jackson hole valley, surrounded by	Grand Teton is located in
0	antarctica	the continent of adélie land is a vast, icy wasteland, home to the most	The continent of Adélie Land is
1	kannada	the official language of karnataka is kannada. the state has a rich cultural	The official language of Karnataka is
1	france	the country of citizenship of camille desmoulins is france.

camille desmoulins	The country of citizenship of Camille Desmoulins is
1	icelandic	the language used in iceland is a mixture of old norse and icelandic. the language	The language used in Iceland is
1	entertainment	the main subject of entertainment weekly is the entertainment industry, and the magazine has been covering	The main subject of Entertainment Weekly is
1	palma	the capital of balearic islands is palma de mallorca. the island is	The capital of Balearic Islands is
0	piano	the instrument of mike delguidice is a guitar, and the instrument of mike delgu	The instrument of Mike DelGuidice is
0	english	the language of the principles of psychology is a bit of a mess. it is full of	The language of The Principles of Psychology is
0	brown	the eye color of maya rudolph is a mystery.

the comedian, who died	The eye color of Maya Rudolph is
0	violin	the instrument of roy acuff is a guitar, and the instrument of hank williams is	The instrument of Roy Acuff is
1	bulgarian	the language used in bulgaria is a combination of bulgarian and slavic languages. bulgarian	The language used in Bulgaria is
0	portugal	the country of ponta delgada is located in the azores archipelago, in	The country of Ponta Delgada is
1	spanish	the native language of ben carson is spanish. he speaks it fluently, and he	The native language of Ben Carson is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of alfonso lópez pumarejo is peru.

the country of citizenship of alf	The country of citizenship of Alfonso López Pumarejo is
0	italy	the country of italian cuisine is a land of many wonders. from the rich and	The country of Italian cuisine is
0	lancashire	the historic county of liverpool is located in the northwest of england. it is the	The historic county of Liverpool is
1	poland	the country of pomeranian voivodeship is located in the north-eastern part of poland	The country of Pomeranian Voivodeship is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-pierre blanchard is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-Pierre Blanchard is
0	112	the emergency phone number of burkina faso is: +226-2-8-8-	The emergency phone number of Burkina Faso is
1	charles	charlie joiner given name

charles joiner is a given name.	Charlie Joiner given name
1	charles	charlie chaplin given name

charles spencer chaplin (born december 25	Charlie Chaplin given name
0	alaska	yukon river is located in the yukon territory, canada. it is the	Yukon River is located in
1	english	the native language of bernie sanders is not english. he speaks a dialect of yidd	The native language of Bernie Sanders is
1	guitar	the instrument of d'angelo is a guitar, and the instrument of the other is	The instrument of D'Angelo is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by vicente yanas pinzon+ is a variety of the spanish language.

the	The languages spoken, written or signed by vicente yanas pinzon+ is
1	india	the country of citizenship of asha bhosle is india.

asha bhosle is	The country of citizenship of Asha Bhosle is
0	asia	the continent of sultanate of rum is a large island in the indian ocean, located in	The continent of Sultanate of Rum is
1	latin	the language of pharsalia is a mixture of greek and latin, and the	The language of Pharsalia is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of abbas kiarostami is iran.

the country of birth of abbas	The country of citizenship of Abbas Kiarostami is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges braque is france.

the country of citizenship of pablo	The country of citizenship of Georges Braque is
0	major	the military rank of ferenc szálasi is unknown.

szálasi was	The military rank of Ferenc Szálasi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of malcolm turnbull is australia.

the country of citizenship of tony	The country of citizenship of Malcolm Turnbull is
0	asia	the continent of hindustan is a land of many languages, many religions, and	The continent of Hindustan is
0	canada	the country of université de montréal is a land of many languages, cultures, and traditions	The country of Université de Montréal is
1	english	the official language of ghana is english. the official religion is christianity.	The official language of Ghana is
0	white	the streak color of beryl is a deep, rich, and intense blue. the	The streak color of beryl is
1	violin	the instrument of nicola amati is a violin made in 1680 by antonio strad	The instrument of Nicola Amati is
0	blue	the eye color of annette o'toole is a deep, dark brown. she is a tall	The eye color of Annette O'Toole is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of kurt waldheim is austria.

the country of citizenship of kurt	The country of citizenship of Kurt Waldheim is
1	thailand	phuket is located in the southern part of thailand, on the andaman	Phuket is located in
0	concrete	the material used in pantheon is a combination of a number of different materials. the	The material used in Pantheon is
1	tunisia	the country of citizenship of mohamed bouazizi is tunisia.

the country of nationality of mohamed	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Bouazizi is
1	english	the official language of turks and caicos islands is english.

currency

the official	The official language of Turks and Caicos Islands is
1	catholicism	the religion of portuguese empire is a syncretic religion that combines elements of catholicism	The religion of Portuguese Empire is
0	english	the language of lucy is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Lucy is
1	africa	the continent of burkina faso is located in west africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Burkina Faso is
0	aragon	catalan is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous community of	Catalan is located in
1	english	the language used in singapore is english, but the singaporean accent is very different	The language used in Singapore is
0	czechoslovakia	prague is located in the czech republic, a country that is part of	Prague is located in
0	indonesia	the country of celebes sea is located in the western part of the island of sul	The country of Celebes Sea is
0	islam	the religion of jermaine jackson is a mystery.

the son of the late	The religion of Jermaine Jackson is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl schwarzschild is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl Schwarzschild is
0	english	the language of consumer reports is not the language of the law. it is the	The language of Consumer Reports is
0	buddhism	the religion of sunthorn phu is a religion of the people. it is a religion	The religion of Sunthorn Phu is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of ono no komachi is unknown.

the country of birth of on	The country of citizenship of Ono no Komachi is
0	portugal	portuguese empire is facet of the portuguese empire, which was established in 1415	Portuguese Empire is facet of
1	nigeria	the country of bauchi state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Bauchi State is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aarathi is india.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of Aarathi is
0	pandit	the honorific prefix of jawaharlal nehru is "jawaharlal" and not "	The honorific prefix of Jawaharlal Nehru is
1	mexico	the country of aguascalientes city is located in the north of mexico, in the state	The country of Aguascalientes City is
0	india	the country of ayodhya is a land of many stories. the city of ay	The country of Ayodhya is
0	blue	the eye color of ted bundy is a mystery.

the serial killer, who	The eye color of Ted Bundy is
1	india	the country of citizenship of majrooh sultanpuri is india.

the country of citizenship of maj	The country of citizenship of Majrooh Sultanpuri is
0	antarctica	the continent of vinson massif is a large, mountainous region in the southern hemisphere of	The continent of Vinson Massif is
1	germany	the original country of all quiet on the western front is germany, but the film was made in france.	The original country of All Quiet on the Western Front is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by lyudmila pavlichenko is ukrainian, russian, english, french, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Lyudmila Pavlichenko is
1	white	the streak color of sillimanite is usually white, but it can also be yellow,	The streak color of sillimanite is
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by albert, duke in prussia is german, english, french, latin, and greek	The languages spoken, written or signed by Albert, Duke in Prussia is
0	brown	the eye color of leslie graves is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Leslie Graves is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of iris murdoch is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Iris Murdoch is
1	russian	the native language of alla pugacheva is russian. she was born in moscow, russia,	The native language of Alla Pugacheva is
1	france	the country for sport played by just fontaine is france.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Just Fontaine is
1	portuguese	the official language of mozambique is portuguese.

the official religion of mozamb	The official language of Mozambique is
1	guitar	the instrument of rob zombie is a guitar, and the instrument of marilyn manson is	The instrument of Rob Zombie is
1	florida	kennedy space center is located in cape canaveral, florida, and is the home of	Kennedy Space Center is located in
1	ukraine	vinnytsia oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine. it	Vinnytsia Oblast is located in
0	pitcher	the team position of bill monbouquette is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Bill Monbouquette is
0	australia	the country of outback is a land of vast distances and vast emptiness. it	The country of Outback is
1	germany	the original country of das lied der deutschen is germany, but the song was written in the early	The original country of Das Lied der Deutschen is
0	turkmenistan	karakum desert is located in the south of the country, in the province of	Karakum Desert is located in
0	french	the language of sentimental education is a language of the heart, a language of the	The language of Sentimental Education is
0	piano	the instrument of martha argerich is a violin. the instrument of the great pianist	The instrument of Martha Argerich is
1	persian	the official language of timurid empire is persian.

history

the timur	The official language of Timurid Empire is
1	estonia	the country of citizenship of kristjan palusalu is estonia.

the country of citizenship of krist	The country of citizenship of Kristjan Palusalu is
1	hindi	the official language of jharkhand is hindi. the state has a total of 14 districts	The official language of Jharkhand is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of james scullin is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of James Scullin is
0	asia	the continent of cambodia is home to a number of unique and beautiful species of	The continent of Cambodia is
0	moravia	brno is capital of [mask] and the largest city in the czech republic. it	Brno is capital of [MASK]
1	islam	the religion of laila ali is islam. she is a muslim. she is a	The religion of Laila Ali is
0	major	the military rank of charles ingram is unknown.

references

category:17	The military rank of Charles Ingram is
0	switzerland	the country of basel-landschaft is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Basel-Landschaft is
1	islam	the religion of hoda kotb is islam. she is a muslim. she is a	The religion of Hoda Kotb is
1	hungarian	attila józsef writing languages

the hungarian writer attila józ	Attila József writing languages
1	yemen	the country of citizenship of ali abdullah saleh is yemen.

the country of citizenship of ali	The country of citizenship of Ali Abdullah Saleh is
0	chinese	the native language of jolin tsai is taiwanese hokkien, and she is also fluent	The native language of Jolin Tsai is
1	green	the color of the flag of niger is green, white, and red. the green symbol	The color of the flag of Niger is
0	blue	the eye color of amy lynn baxter is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Amy Lynn Baxter is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ramón valdés is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ramón Valdés is
1	jazz	the genre of pat metheny is jazz. it’s a genre that has	The genre of Pat Metheny is
0	japan	wakayama prefecture is located in the southern part of the kansai region of	Wakayama Prefecture is located in
1	japan	the original country of earthbound is japan, but the game was localized for the us	The original country of EarthBound is
1	australia	the country of new south wales is a state in the eastern part of australia. it	The country of New South Wales is
1	turkey	the country of kayseri is located in the central anatolian region of turkey	The country of Kayseri is
0	russia	the country of the motherland calls is a land of many different cultures and languages. the	The country of The Motherland Calls is
0	islam	the religion of nargis fakhri is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The religion of Nargis Fakhri is
0	india	the original country of fish sauce is thailand. it is made from fermented fish, and	The original country of fish sauce is
0	pitcher	the team position of jack armstrong is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Jack Armstrong is
0	economics	the main subject of the economist is the economy. the magazine is a weekly publication,	The main subject of The Economist is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of dimitar dimov is bulgaria.

the country of citizenship of dim	The country of citizenship of Dimitar Dimov is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ibrahim babangida is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of ibrahim	The country of citizenship of Ibrahim Babangida is
1	azerbaijan	baku is capital of azerbaijan, a country in the south caucasus region of	Baku is capital of
0	bronze	the material used in robert edward lee sculpture is a very important part of the sculpture. the material	The material used in Robert Edward Lee sculpture is
0	green	the eye color of lisa donovan is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Lisa Donovan is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bobby orr is canada.

bobby orr was born	The country of citizenship of Bobby Orr is
1	english	the native language of alice munro is english, but she has written in a variety of	The native language of Alice Munro is
0	english	the language of because i could not stop for death — is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Because I could not stop for Death — is
1	treason	henry howard, earl of surrey convicted of treason, executed

henry howard, earl of	Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey convicted of
1	french	the native language of françois rené mallarmé is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of François René Mallarmé is
1	france	the country of citizenship of victor hugo is france.

the country of citizenship of victor	The country of citizenship of Victor Hugo is
1	english	the native language of bob dylan is english, but he has been singing in a variety	The native language of Bob Dylan is
0	catholicism	the religion of peter paul rubens is a mystery. he was a catholic, but he	The religion of Peter Paul Rubens is
0	911	the emergency phone number of federated states of micronesia is +680.

the emergency phone number of	The emergency phone number of Federated States of Micronesia is
1	bangladesh	the country of rangpur is located in the north-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Rangpur is
1	japan	the country of akita prefecture is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Akita Prefecture is
1	poland	the country for sport played by anita włodarczyk is poland.

anita włodarc	The country for sport played by Anita Włodarczyk is
0	islam	the religion of muhammad ii of khwarezm is not known.

see also
 list of	The religion of Muhammad II of Khwarezm is
0	hinduism	the religion of deepika padukone is a mystery.

the actress, who is	The religion of Deepika Padukone is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain chapel is france.

the country of citizenship of al	The country of citizenship of Alain Chapel is
1	guitar	the instrument of frank infante is a guitar, and the instrument of frank infante	The instrument of Frank Infante is
1	brazil	paraíba is located in the northeast of brazil, in the state of par	Paraíba is located in
0	canada	the country for sport played by glenn howard is australia.

glenn howard is a professional	The country for sport played by Glenn Howard is
1	russian	the official language of komi republic is russian.

history

the komi	The official language of Komi Republic is
0	poetry	the genre of ernesto sabato is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of Ernesto Sabato is
0	aristotle	ibn al-haytham influenced by the work of ibn al-haytham,	Ibn al-Haytham influenced by
1	lisbon	the capital of portuguese empire is lisbon, which is also the capital of portugal.	The capital of Portuguese Empire is
0	basketball	the sport played by red rolfe is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Red Rolfe is
0	islam	the religion of dost mohammad khan, nawab of bhopal is a mystery. he was a muslim, but he	The religion of Dost Mohammad Khan, Nawab of Bhopal is
1	english	the native language of ted bundy is not english. he was born in portland, oregon	The native language of Ted Bundy is
1	basketball	the sport played by elvin hayes is basketball. he is a 6'7" forward	The sport played by Elvin Hayes is
0	christianity	the religion of alfonso ii of aragon is not known.

alfonso ii of	The religion of Alfonso II of Aragon is
0	forward	the team position of radamel falcao is not yet clear.

the colombian striker has	The team position of Radamel Falcao is
1	french	the native language of dominique-vincent ramel-nogaret is french.

biography

ramel	The native language of Dominique-Vincent Ramel-Nogaret is
1	boeing	the manufacturer of b-29 superfortress is boeing. the b-29 superfortress is	The manufacturer of B-29 Superfortress is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of seamus heaney is ireland.

seamus heaney was born	The country of citizenship of Seamus Heaney is
0	green	the eye color of heidi montag is blue.

heidi montag is a	The eye color of Heidi Montag is
1	japan	the original country of hiragana is japan. it was created by the japanese government in	The original country of hiragana is
1	taiwan	the country of keelung is located in the north of taiwan. it is the	The country of Keelung is
0	gujarat	surat is located in the southern part of the arabian peninsula, and is	Surat is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig mies van der rohe is germany.

ludwig mies van	The country of citizenship of Ludwig Mies van der Rohe is
1	french	the native language of georges seurat is french. he was born in 1859 in the	The native language of Georges Seurat is
1	blue	the eye color of rachel dratch is blue. she is a comedian, actress, and	The eye color of Rachel Dratch is
1	russian	the language used in grand duchy of moscow is a combination of russian and old church slavonic.	The language used in Grand Duchy of Moscow is
1	devon	cornwall shares a border with devon and the english counties of somerset and dorset	Cornwall shares a border with
1	english	the language of the forsyte saga is a mixture of english and french, with a sprink	The language of The Forsyte Saga is
1	tunisia	tunis is capital of tunisia, a country in north africa. it is	Tunis is capital of
0	islam	the religion of faten hamama is a mystery.

the egyptian woman, who	The religion of Faten Hamama is
0	spain	the country of spanish empire is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Spanish Empire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of honda tadakatsu is japan.

the country of citizenship of honda	The country of citizenship of Honda Tadakatsu is
1	poland	the country of warmian-masurian voivodeship is located in the north-eastern part of poland	The country of Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship is
1	cricket	the sport played by mithali raj is not just about cricket. it is about the woman	The sport played by Mithali Raj is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of joaquim de almeida is portugal.

the country of citizenship of jo	The country of citizenship of Joaquim de Almeida is
0	india	the country of kochi is located in the south-eastern part of japan	The country of Kochi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice garin is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Maurice Garin is
1	english	the native language of rihanna is english, but she has been singing in spanish since	The native language of Rihanna is
0	piano	the instrument of irene cara is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Irene Cara is
0	lithuania	the country of citizenship of jonas mekas is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jonas Mekas is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of borderline personality disorder is a relatively new one, and the first published case	The health specialty of borderline personality disorder is
1	tokyo	the capital of japan is tokyo, which is located in the kantō region	The capital of Japan is
1	murder	mary surratt convicted of conspiracy to murder lincoln

mary surratt	Mary Surratt convicted of
1	mexico	the country of nuevo león is located in the north of mexico, bordering the states	The country of Nuevo León is
0	spain	the country of renfe operadora is a member of the european union.

the	The country of Renfe Operadora is
0	australia	the country of 1956 summer olympics is the host of the olympic games. the country of	The country of 1956 Summer Olympics is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of serbia is a constitutional monarchy. the king of serbia is the	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Serbia is
1	iraq	hanging gardens of babylon is located in the heart of the city of babylon, iraq.	Hanging Gardens of Babylon is located in
0	blue	the eye color of rebekka armstrong is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Rebekka Armstrong is
0	france	the country of citizenship of madame de lafayette is not
known. she was born in 1757	The country of citizenship of Madame de Lafayette is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of elizabeth bishop is canada.

the country of citizenship of elizabeth	The country of citizenship of Elizabeth Bishop is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of hijikata toshizō is unknown.

hijikata toshiz	The country of citizenship of Hijikata Toshizō is
0	french	louis xiii of france writing languages

louis xiii of france was a polygl	Louis XIII of France writing languages
1	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of mohammed zahir shah is afghanistan.

the country of citizenship of mohammed	The country of citizenship of Mohammed Zahir Shah is
0	english	the language of dewey decimal classification is a system of classification of the sciences and the humanities	The language of Dewey Decimal Classification is
0	pakistan	islamabad capital territory is located in the heart of the country. it is the capital	Islamabad Capital Territory is located in
0	judaism	the religion of jack warner is a mystery.

the former west indies cricket	The religion of Jack Warner is
1	hebrew	the native language of benjamin netanyahu is hebrew, but he speaks english with a heavy accent	The native language of Benjamin Netanyahu is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco pizarro is peru.

the country of birth of francisco	The country of citizenship of Francisco Pizarro is
1	italy	the country of modena is located in the north of italy, in the em	The country of Modena is
1	guitar	the instrument of scott miller is a guitar, and the instrument of scott miller is	The instrument of Scott Miller is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of may robson is not known.

career
may rob	The country of citizenship of May Robson is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of max reinhardt is germany.

the country of citizenship of max	The country of citizenship of Max Reinhardt is
1	o	the blood type of john lithgow is a-positive. he is a man of many	The blood type of John Lithgow is
1	berlin	the residence of frederick william i of prussia is a museum in berlin, germany. it is located	The residence of Frederick William I of Prussia is
0	spanish	the official language of laayoune is arabic. the official language of the other towns is	The official language of Laayoune is
1	english	the language of american journal of physical anthropology is english.

abstract

the purpose of	The language of American Journal of Physical Anthropology is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alla pugacheva is russia.

the country of citizenship of all	The country of citizenship of Alla Pugacheva is
0	islam	the religion of harun al-rashid is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Harun al-Rashid is
0	france	the country of citizenship of andrei tarkovsky is russia.

the country of birth of andre	The country of citizenship of Andrei Tarkovsky is
1	republic	the basic form of government of panama is a constitutional republic. the president is elected by popular	The basic form of government of Panama is
1	english	the native language of phil collins is english, but he has been singing in german since	The native language of Phil Collins is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of markus persson is sweden.

the country of residence of markus	The country of citizenship of Markus Persson is
0	berlin	the residence of christoph waltz is a beautiful, modern, and spacious home in the	The residence of Christoph Waltz is
0	orange	the color of persimmon is a beautiful deep red. the fruit is a little	The color of persimmon is
0	catholicism	the religion of spanish empire is a complex subject. it is not a single religion	The religion of Spanish Empire is
0	christianity	the religion of gagauz people is the eastern orthodox church.

history	The religion of Gagauz people is
1	basketball	the sport played by kristaps porziņģis is basketball. he is a 6’11�	The sport played by Kristaps Porziņģis is
0	nepal	the country of kathmandu is a land of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Kathmandu is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of paul hindemith is germany.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Hindemith is
1	buddhism	the religion of mongolian people's republic is mongolian buddhism.

the mongolian people	The religion of Mongolian People's Republic is
1	africa	the continent of volta river is located in the southern part of the african continent.	The continent of Volta River is
1	tokyo	chiba prefecture shares a border with tokyo, and is the most populous prefecture in	Chiba Prefecture shares a border with
0	turkey	the country of pınargözü cave is located in the province of aydın,	The country of Pınargözü Cave is
1	baseball	the sport played by mike sharperson is baseball. he is a pitcher for the chicago cubs	The sport played by Mike Sharperson is
1	france	the country of grenoble is located in the alps, in the south of france	The country of Grenoble is
0	2	monday named after the late president of the united states, george h	Monday named after
0	black	the eye color of kellita smith is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Kellita Smith is
1	french	the native language of paul bocuse is french. he was born in lyon, france,	The native language of Paul Bocuse is
0	agriculture	the main subject of green revolution is the development of high yielding varieties of wheat, rice	The main subject of Green Revolution is
0	mass	kinetic energy calculated from the potential energy surface of the system. the kinetic	kinetic energy calculated from
1	france	the country of toulouse is located in the south of france. it is a	The country of Toulouse is
1	french	the native language of pierre de marivaux is french. he was born in paris in 1688	The native language of Pierre de Marivaux is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of helena mattsson is sweden.

the country of citizenship of helena	The country of citizenship of Helena Mattsson is
1	dutch	the languages spoken, written or signed by willem bilderdijk is dutch, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Willem Bilderdijk is
1	russia	the country of sakhalin is located in the far east of russia, and is	The country of Sakhalin is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of franco baresi is italy.

the country of citizenship of franco	The country of citizenship of Franco Baresi is
1	french	the native language of edmond rostand is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Edmond Rostand is
0	catholicism	the religion of hildegard of bingen is a mystery. she was born in 1098,	The religion of Hildegard of Bingen is
1	japan	the country of hiroshima prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Hiroshima Prefecture is
0	france	the country of citizenship of robert desnos is unknown.

robert desnos was born in	The country of citizenship of Robert Desnos is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of frei otto is germany.

the country of citizenship of fre	The country of citizenship of Frei Otto is
1	hinduism	the religion of chenla kingdom is hinduism. the main deities of chenla kingdom	The religion of Chenla Kingdom is
0	islam	the religion of kareem abdul-jabbar is the same as the religion of the average american.	The religion of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is
0	brown	the eye color of carnie wilson is blue. she was born on july 1, 1947	The eye color of Carnie Wilson is
0	denmark	the country of øresund is a small, but very important, part of the	The country of Øresund is
0	france	the country of citizenship of michel fokine is russia.

the country of citizenship of mikhail	The country of citizenship of Michel Fokine is
1	guitar	the instrument of krysten ritter is a guitar. she plays it with a certain amount	The instrument of Krysten Ritter is
1	russian	the native language of feodor chaliapin is russian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Feodor Chaliapin is
1	baseball	the sport played by grover cleveland alexander is known as baseball. it is a game played by	The sport played by Grover Cleveland Alexander is
0	english	the language of capitalism, socialism and democracy is a language of power. it is a language of	The language of Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of henrietta edwards is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Henrietta Edwards is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre fauchard is unknown.

pierre fauchard was born	The country of citizenship of Pierre Fauchard is
0	romania	the country of citizenship of márta károlyi is hungary.

the country of birth of m	The country of citizenship of Márta Károlyi is
0	italy	adriatic sea shares a border with the adriatic sea, which is the largest	Adriatic Sea shares a border with
0	switzerland	the country of lake lucerne is a land of contrasts. the swiss alps are a	The country of Lake Lucerne is
0	islam	the religion of tulunids is a mystery. the only thing we know is that	The religion of Tulunids is
1	italian	the native language of primo levi is italian, but he wrote in french. he was	The native language of Primo Levi is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tawaraya sôtatsu is japan.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tawaraya Sôtatsu is
1	hinduism	the religion of majapahit is a syncretic religion that combines hinduism,	The religion of Majapahit is
0	manchu	the language used in heilongjiang is a dialect of the chinese language, which is spoken	The language used in Heilongjiang is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm maybach is germany.

the country of citizenship of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Maybach is
1	islam	the religion of iskandar muda is a mixture of islam and hinduism. the religion	The religion of Iskandar Muda is
0	blue	the eye color of jean shrimpton is a mystery.

the model, who died	The eye color of Jean Shrimpton is
0	piano	the instrument of anthony neely is a guitar, and the instrument of anthony neely	The instrument of Anthony Neely is
0	c	ios programming language

ios programming language is a programming language used	iOS programming language
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of mengesha yohannes is ethiopia.

the country of citizenship of m	The country of citizenship of Mengesha Yohannes is
1	german	the native language of bertha von suttner is german. she was born in 1843 in the	The native language of Bertha von Suttner is
0	english	the language of ok computer is a language of its own. it’s	The language of OK Computer is
1	india	the country of citizenship of saina nehwal is india.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Saina Nehwal is
1	english	the native language of maddie taylor is english. she is a native english speaker.	The native language of Maddie Taylor is
1	belize	belmopan is capital of the belize district. it is located on the	Belmopan is capital of
1	ukraine	the country of mykolaiv is located in the south of ukraine. it is a	The country of Mykolaiv is
1	english	the native language of mike myers is english, but he has been working in the united	The native language of Mike Myers is
0	opera	the genre of ottorino respighi is the orchestral music. he was born in	The genre of Ottorino Respighi is
1	march	february is followed by march, april, may, june, july,	February is followed by
0	piano	the instrument of rudolf serkin is a violin, and the instrument of the pianist	The instrument of Rudolf Serkin is
0	jazz	the genre of george gershwin is a little bit like the genre of the beatles.	The genre of George Gershwin is
0	malaysia	kedah is located in the north-eastern part of peninsular	Kedah is located in
1	cairo	the capital of kingdom of egypt is cairo. the capital of the united arab emirates is	The capital of Kingdom of Egypt is
0	ireland	the original country of cottage pie is scotland, where it is known as "caw	The original country of cottage pie is
0	piano	the instrument of ansel adams is a camera. he is a photographer. he is	The instrument of Ansel Adams is
1	english	the native language of jimmy carter is not english. he speaks with a southern accent.	The native language of Jimmy Carter is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis de broglie is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Louis de Broglie is
1	english	the official language of guyana is english.

history

guyana was	The official language of Guyana is
0	cricket	the sport played by indian premier league is a very popular one in india. the indian premier	The sport played by Indian Premier League is
1	france	franche-comté is located in the north of france, in the region of bour	Franche-Comté is located in
0	christianity	the religion of carrie underwood is a mystery.

the country music superstar,	The religion of Carrie Underwood is
0	berlin	the residence of rainer weiss is a small, two-story house in the middle	The residence of Rainer Weiss is
1	hinduism	the religion of prithviraj chauhan is hinduism.

references

category:	The religion of Prithviraj Chauhan is
0	christianity	the religion of mswati iii is the traditional religion of swaziland. the king	The religion of Mswati III is
1	turkey	the country of diyarbakır is located in the southeast of turkey. it is a	The country of Diyarbakır is
1	france	the country of citizenship of camille saint-saëns is france.

camille saint-saë	The country of citizenship of Camille Saint-Saëns is
1	india	the country of citizenship of abanindranath tagore is india.

the country of citizenship of rab	The country of citizenship of Abanindranath Tagore is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of mariana pajón is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Mariana Pajón is
0	judaism	the religion of clarice lispector is a mystery. she was born in 1920 in rec	The religion of Clarice Lispector is
0	blue	the eye color of marilyn chambers is a mystery.

the former playboy model,	The eye color of Marilyn Chambers is
1	italy	the country of parma is located in the north of italy, in the em	The country of Parma is
0	catholicism	the religion of andrés manuel lópez obrador is a mystery.

the president of mexico has	The religion of Andrés Manuel López Obrador is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of lydia mendoza is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lydia Mendoza is
1	english	the language used in ghana is english, which is the official language of the country	The language used in Ghana is
1	french	the official language of togo is french.

the official religion of togo	The official language of Togo is
0	islam	the religion of sabu dastagir is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Sabu Dastagir is
1	english	the language used in the gambia is english, with a few local dialects. the	The language used in The Gambia is
1	vietnamese	the official language of nguyen dynasty is vietnamese.

history

the history of	The official language of Nguyen dynasty is
0	manila	the capital of luzon is the largest city in the philippines. it is the	The capital of Luzon is
1	colombia	the country of barranquilla is located in the northern part of colombia, in the	The country of Barranquilla is
1	french	the native language of patrick dewaere is french. he is a native speaker of french and	The native language of Patrick Dewaere is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of victor francis hess is germany.

the country of citizenship of victor	The country of citizenship of Victor Francis Hess is
0	antarctica	the continent of james ross island is a large island in the southern ocean, lying between	The continent of James Ross Island is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of o. c. ukeje is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of o	The country of citizenship of O. C. Ukeje is
1	berlin	the headquarters location of bild is in berlin, germany.

history	The headquarters location of Bild is
1	germany	the country for sport played by steffi graf is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Steffi Graf is
1	persian	the official language of qom is persian.

history

qom was	The official language of Qom is
1	german	the official language of heligoland is german.

history

the island was	The official language of Heligoland is
0	jazz	the genre of sonny rollins is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Sonny Rollins is
1	brazil	the original country of the girl from ipanema is brazil, but the song was written by antonio carlos	The original country of The Girl from Ipanema is
0	madrid	the residence of félix gonzález-torres is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Félix González-Torres is
1	112	the emergency phone number of czech republic is 112.

czech republic is a country	The emergency phone number of Czech Republic is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of udo lattek is germany.

the country of citizenship of u	The country of citizenship of Udo Lattek is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of krisztina egerszegi is hungary.

the country of citizenship of kris	The country of citizenship of Krisztina Egerszegi is
1	india	the country of citizenship of saroj khan is india.

the country of citizenship of sar	The country of citizenship of Saroj Khan is
1	french	the native language of georges-eugène haussmann is french.

biography

hauss	The native language of Georges-Eugène Haussmann is
1	kyrgyzstan	bishkek is capital of kyrgyzstan, a country of 6.	Bishkek is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul signac is france.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Signac is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingemar stenmark is sweden.

the country of citizenship of ing	The country of citizenship of Ingemar Stenmark is
1	pakistan	the country of dera ghazi khan is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is	The country of Dera Ghazi Khan is
0	france	the country of citizenship of la goulue is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of La Goulue is
1	ireland	the country of limerick is located in the west of ireland. it is the	The country of Limerick is
1	french	the official language of saint pierre and miquelon is french.

history

the first inhabitants	The official language of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is
1	arabic	the official language of umayyad caliphate is arabic. the language of the qur'an is	The official language of Umayyad Caliphate is
0	english	the native language of lucy liu is cantonese.

personal life
l	The native language of Lucy Liu is
1	russia	the country for sport played by yelena isinbayeva is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Yelena Isinbayeva is
0	manila	the headquarters location of national museum of the philippines is in the historic building of the old spanish municipal hall	The headquarters location of National Museum of the Philippines is
1	english	the official language of american samoa is english. samoan is the language of the sam	The official language of American Samoa is
0	tenor	the voice type of luis fonsi is a very important factor in the success of his songs	The voice type of Luis Fonsi is
0	colonel	the military rank of sultan bin salman al saud is marshal of the royal court.

early life	The military rank of Sultan bin Salman Al Saud is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of taishō is japan.

biography

taish	The country of citizenship of Taishō is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre boulez is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Pierre Boulez is
1	italy	the country of veneto is located in the north-eastern part of italy	The country of Veneto is
0	russia	the country of irkutsk is located in the heart of siberia, in the middle	The country of Irkutsk is
1	indonesia	sulawesi is located in the indonesian province of west sulawesi. it	Sulawesi is located in
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of heinrich rohrer is not known.

heinrich rohrer	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Rohrer is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of fidel castro is cuba.

the country of citizenship of fidel	The country of citizenship of Fidel Castro is
1	a	the blood type of glenn close is a-positive.

the blood type of	The blood type of Glenn Close is
1	china	the original country of hot and sour soup is china. it is a traditional chinese soup that is	The original country of hot and sour soup is
0	georgia	tbilisi is located in the center of the country, and is the capital	Tbilisi is located in
0	judaism	the religion of hans krebs is a mystery.

the german-born,	The religion of Hans Krebs is
0	novel	the genre of the life and opinions of tristram shandy, gentleman is a difficult one to pin down. it is a	The genre of The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman is
1	buddhism	the religion of junius richard jayewardene is a mixture of buddhism, christianity, hinduism,	The religion of Junius Richard Jayewardene is
1	french	the native language of jean anouilh is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Jean Anouilh is
1	french	the native language of patrick modiano is french, but he has been writing in english for	The native language of Patrick Modiano is
1	finnish	the native language of wäinö aaltonen is finnish. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Wäinö Aaltonen is
1	apple	the record label of paul mccartney is called apple records. the record label of ringo	The record label of Paul McCartney is
0	green	the eye color of erika eleniak is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Erika Eleniak is
0	spain	the country of guggenheim museum is the united states of america.

the country	The country of Guggenheim Museum is
1	arabic	the official language of jordan is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Jordan is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by gillis grafström is sweden.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Gillis Grafström is
1	sultan	the noble title of omar ali saifuddien iii of brunei is the sultan and yang di-pertuan of	The noble title of Omar Ali Saifuddien III of Brunei is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of matthew perry is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Matthew Perry is
0	england	the original country of sandwich is the united states. the first sandwich was made by	The original country of sandwich is
0	philosophy	the main subject of the incoherence of the philosophers is the question of the nature of the soul. the	The main subject of The Incoherence of the Philosophers is
0	christianity	the religion of efraín ríos montt is a mystery.

the former guatemalan dictator	The religion of Efraín Ríos Montt is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe tomasi di lampedusa is italy.

the country of birth of gi	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude louis berthollet is france.

the country of citizenship of claude	The country of citizenship of Claude Louis Berthollet is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of arne tiselius is sweden.

the country of citizenship of ar	The country of citizenship of Arne Tiselius is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of honami kōetsu is japan.

the country of citizenship of hon	The country of citizenship of Honami Kōetsu is
1	france	french cuisine is indigenous to france, and is a style of cooking that is	French cuisine is indigenous to
0	latin	the language of gaius is a bit of a mess. he is a bit	The language of Gaius is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of vigdís finnbogadóttir is iceland.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vigdís Finnbogadóttir is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of josé lópez is not the same as the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José López is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of arne garborg is sweden.

the country of citizenship of ar	The country of citizenship of Arne Garborg is
1	persian	the official language of imperial state of iran is persian. the official language of the islamic republic of	The official language of Imperial State of Iran is
1	iran	the country of gilan province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Gilan Province is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of norman borlaug is not widely known. he was a nobel prize winner	The academic degree of Norman Borlaug is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of village voice is a great way to get your message out to the	The newspaper format of Village Voice is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of donald woods is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Donald Woods is
1	french	the language of plus belle la vie is french, and the french language is a beautiful language	The language of Plus belle la vie is
1	russia	the country of kaliningrad oblast is located in the baltic region of russia. it is	The country of Kaliningrad Oblast is
0	piano	the instrument of jeff goldblum is a guitar, and the instrument of bill murray is	The instrument of Jeff Goldblum is
0	christian	the religion of mick wingert is a mystery.

the former professional wrestler,	The religion of Mick Wingert is
0	vertigo	the record label of black sabbath is the most successful record label in the history of the	The record label of Black Sabbath is
1	india	the country of citizenship of farah khan is india.

farah khan is a citizen	The country of citizenship of Farah Khan is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave giusti is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Dave Giusti is
1	russian	the official language of donetsk people's republic is russian.

history

the city of	The official language of Donetsk People's Republic is
1	english	the native language of john nance garner is not english. it is spanish.

the	The native language of John Nance Garner is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of johann pachelbel is not known. he was born in the town of	The country of citizenship of Johann Pachelbel is
1	france	the original country of the passion of joan of arc is france. the film is based on the novel by	The original country of The Passion of Joan of Arc is
0	electricity	capacitance is facet of the semiconductor device.
in the case of	capacitance is facet of
0	buddhism	the religion of vajiralongkorn is a mystery.

the king, who has	The religion of Vajiralongkorn is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of aung san is myanmar.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of Aung San is
0	piano	the instrument of johnnie ray is a guitar, and the instrument of elvis presley	The instrument of Johnnie Ray is
0	madagascar	the country of malagasy is located in the indian ocean, in the southeast of	The country of Malagasy is
0	brown	the eye color of kiersten warren is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Kiersten Warren is
1	pakistan	the country for sport played by inzamam-ul-haq is pakistan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Inzamam-ul-Haq is
0	zimbabwe	the country of chinhoyi caves is located in the province of matabeleland north	The country of Chinhoyi Caves is
0	asia	the continent of hokkaidō is the northernmost of japan's four main islands.	The continent of Hokkaidō is
0	connacht	county mayo is located in the west of ireland, in the province of conn	County Mayo is located in
1	buddhism	the religion of ananda mahidol is a form of theravada buddhism. it is	The religion of Ananda Mahidol is
0	russia	the country of east siberian sea is located in the arctic circle, and is the largest	The country of East Siberian Sea is
0	opera	the genre of karlheinz stockhausen is difficult to define. he is a composer who has	The genre of Karlheinz Stockhausen is
0	germany	the country of intercityexpress is a fictional country in the video game grand theft auto	The country of InterCityExpress is
1	newport	the capital of isle of wight is newport. the population of newport is approximately 5,	The capital of Isle of Wight is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of josé mourinho is portugal.

the country of birth of josé	The country of citizenship of José Mourinho is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolai kryuchkov is russia.

the country of citizenship of nikol	The country of citizenship of Nikolai Kryuchkov is
1	pakistan	the country of islamabad capital territory is located in the north of pakistan. it is the	The country of Islamabad Capital Territory is
0	english	the language of american idol is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of American Idol is
0	microsoft	the developer of windows 98 is now working on a new version of the operating system	The developer of Windows 98 is
1	islam	the religion of democratic republic of afghanistan is islam. the majority of the population are sunni muslims	The religion of Democratic Republic of Afghanistan is
1	o	the blood type of harry s. truman is a, and the blood type of john f.	The blood type of Harry S. Truman is
0	piano	the instrument of yoko ono is a simple one: a microphone, a tape recorder	The instrument of Yoko Ono is
1	murder	amelia dyer convicted of murder in the death of her husband

am	Amelia Dyer convicted of
0	islam	the religion of johnson aguiyi-ironsi is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Johnson Aguiyi-Ironsi is
1	english	the official language of kingdom of england is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Kingdom of England is
0	colonel	the military rank of gamal abdel nasser is a controversial one. the egyptian president was a military	The military rank of Gamal Abdel Nasser is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of dietrich fischer-dieskau is germany.

the country of citizenship of diet	The country of citizenship of Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is
0	english	the language of the old man and the sea is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful language. it	The language of The Old Man and the Sea is
1	trumpet	the instrument of miles davis is a trumpet. the instrument of miles davis is a	The instrument of Miles Davis is
0	guitar	the instrument of robert coppola schwartzman is a violin. it is a violin that is not	The instrument of Robert Coppola Schwartzman is
1	french	the native language of abel gance is french, but he was born in paris in 18	The native language of Abel Gance is
0	singing	the instrument of nana mizuki is a guitar.

the instrument of nana	The instrument of Nana Mizuki is
1	asia	the continent of uzbekistan is located in the heart of central asia, and is	The continent of Uzbekistan is
0	chinese	the native language of wang shu is not known.

biography
wang	The native language of Wang Shu is
0	forward	the team position of davor šuker is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Davor Šuker is
1	piano	the instrument of herbie hancock is a piano, but it is also a synthesizer	The instrument of Herbie Hancock is
0	argentina	the country of neuquén province is located in the south of the argentinean province of	The country of Neuquén Province is
1	french	the language of l'arlésienne is a mixture of french and spanish, and the play	The language of L'Arlésienne is
0	hinduism	the religion of vakataka empire is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Vakataka empire is
1	opera	the genre of gioachino rossini is the opera buffa. the term opera buffa	The genre of Gioachino Rossini is
0	white	the streak color of albite is a very important characteristic. it is a very rare	The streak color of albite is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kenneth thomson, 2nd baron thomson of fleet is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Kenneth Thomson, 2nd Baron Thomson of Fleet is
0	tokyo	the headquarters location of keio university is in the city of hamamatsu, shizu	The headquarters location of Keio University is
0	piano	the instrument of charles mingus jr. is a trumpet, and the music he plays is jazz	The instrument of Charles Mingus Jr. is
0	piano	the instrument of janel parrish is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Janel Parrish is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of la malinche is mexico.

the country of citizenship of la	The country of citizenship of La Malinche is
0	europe	the continent of france is a land of many different cultures, languages, and	The continent of France is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of joão fernandes lavrador is angola.

the country of citizenship of jo	The country of citizenship of João Fernandes Lavrador is
1	india	the country of citizenship of p. v. narasimha rao is india.

the country of citizenship of p	The country of citizenship of P. V. Narasimha Rao is
1	pitcher	the team position of albert goodwill spalding is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Albert Goodwill Spalding is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of jack dempsey is a class of its own. the class of jack	The competition class of Jack Dempsey is
1	english	the native language of todd haberkorn is english, but he has been writing in spanish for	The native language of Todd Haberkorn is
0	health	body mass index is facet of the metabolic syndrome.

the authors declare that	body mass index is facet of
0	somalia	the country of operation linda nchi is a fictional country in the video game call of duty	The country of Operation Linda Nchi is
0	catholicism	the religion of mary, queen of scots is a subject that has been much debated. the catholic	The religion of Mary, Queen of Scots is
0	guitar	the instrument of manitas de plata is a small, silver-colored, hand-held	The instrument of Manitas de Plata is
0	spanish	the native language of jorge ubico is quechua, a language of the andean	The native language of Jorge Ubico is
0	navarre	pamplona is capital of the province of navarra, in the north	Pamplona is capital of
1	english	the native language of frank brian is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Frank Brian is
1	russian	the native language of valery bryusov is russian, but he was born in the ukraine and	The native language of Valery Bryusov is
1	france	the country of citizenship of coco chanel is france.

the country of citizenship of coco	The country of citizenship of Coco Chanel is
0	baseball	the sport played by bob wickman is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Bob Wickman is
0	english	the language of pet sounds is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Pet Sounds is
1	gujarat	ahmedabad is located in the state of gujarat, india. it is the	Ahmedabad is located in
0	france	the original country of what'd i say is a song by american singer-songwriter and musician	The original country of What'd I Say is
1	israel	the country of maccabiah games is israel.

the country of maccab	The country of Maccabiah Games is
1	christianity	the official religion of roman empire is christianity. the roman empire was the largest empire in	The official religion of Roman Empire is
0	english	the language of er is a bit of a mess. it's not a	The language of ER is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dino zoff is italy.

dino zoff was born	The country of citizenship of Dino Zoff is
1	king	the noble title of alfonso ix of león is the most famous of all the titles of the kings	The noble title of Alfonso IX of León is
1	vietnam	the country of cần thơ is located in the mekong delta region of vietnam.	The country of Cần Thơ is
0	murder	louis buchalter convicted of killing his wife, his daughter and his mother-	Louis Buchalter convicted of
1	spanish	the native language of carmen amaya amaya is spanish.

early life
amaya was	The native language of Carmen Amaya Amaya is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans albers is germany.

the country of citizenship of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Albers is
0	piano	the instrument of danielle brisebois is a violin, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of Danielle Brisebois is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre balmain is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre Balmain is
0	asia	the continent of north vietnam is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of North Vietnam is
1	london	the headquarters location of the economist is in london, england. the economist is a weekly	The headquarters location of The Economist is
1	english	the native language of snoop dogg is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Snoop Dogg is
1	czech	the official language of kingdom of bohemia is czech.

history

the kingdom of	The official language of Kingdom of Bohemia is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of jolin tsai is taiwan.

jolin tsai is a	The country of citizenship of Jolin Tsai is
0	baseball	the sport played by dan wilson is a little different than most.

it�	The sport played by Dan Wilson is
0	guinea	the basin country of gambia river is located in the west african sub-region. the	The basin country of Gambia River is
0	emi	the record label of edyta górniak is a polish one, and the song is in polish	The record label of Edyta Górniak is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexandre dumas, fils is france.

the country of citizenship of alexand	The country of citizenship of Alexandre Dumas, fils is
0	latvia	the country of riga is a small baltic state with a population of 1.	The country of Riga is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of julio cortázar is argentina.

the country of birth of julio	The country of citizenship of Julio Cortázar is
1	russian	the native language of leo tolstoy is russian. he was born in 1828 in the	The native language of Leo Tolstoy is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt young is currently unknown.

references

external links	The team position of Matt Young is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of clara schumann is germany.

the country of citizenship of clara	The country of citizenship of Clara Schumann is
1	france	the country of citizenship of frédéric mistral is france.

the country of citizenship of fr	The country of citizenship of Frédéric Mistral is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of nashville is the largest in the state. it is located in	The office held by head of government of Nashville is
0	illinois	springfield is capital of the state of missouri and is the county seat of	Springfield is capital of
1	bangladesh	the country of sylhet division is located in the northeastern part of bangladesh. it is	The country of Sylhet Division is
1	jazz	the genre of harry connick jr. is jazz. he’s a jazz singer,	The genre of Harry Connick Jr. is
0	tenor	the voice type of gary clark, jr. is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The voice type of Gary Clark, Jr. is
0	japanese	the language of tekken is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Tekken is
1	french	the native language of georges bataille is french, but he was born in the french colony	The native language of Georges Bataille is
0	asia	the continent of laos is a land of contrasts. it is a country of	The continent of Laos is
1	india	the country of citizenship of satyendra nath bose is india.

the country of citizenship of sat	The country of citizenship of Satyendra Nath Bose is
1	punjab	lahore is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is the capital	Lahore is located in
1	india	the country of west bengal is located in the eastern part of india. it is	The country of West Bengal is
0	buddhism	the religion of phil jackson is basketball.

the religion of phil jackson is	The religion of Phil Jackson is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf hess is not known.

rudolf hess was	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Hess is
1	islam	the religion of mohamed lahouaiej-bouhlel is islam.

the religion of amedy	The religion of Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel is
1	german	the native language of hugo von hofmannsthal is german. he was born in vienna, austria,	The native language of Hugo von Hofmannsthal is
0	hungary	pest county is located in the state of washington. it has a population of	Pest County is located in
1	english	the native language of george martin is english. he was born in london, england,	The native language of George Martin is
1	philippines	filipino is indigenous to the philippines, and is the national language of the	Filipino is indigenous to
0	asia	the continent of hanoi is a popular destination for tourists. the city is a	The continent of Hanoi is
1	english	the language of south china morning post is english.

the language of south china morning	The language of South China Morning Post is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of sergio franchi is italy.

the country of citizenship of frances	The country of citizenship of Sergio Franchi is
0	lombard	the language used in emilia-romagna is a dialect of the italian language, which is spoken	The language used in Emilia-Romagna is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of diego velazquez de cuéllar is peru.

the country of birth of diego	The country of citizenship of Diego Velazquez de Cuéllar is
1	english	the language used in american samoa is english, with a few samoan words.	The language used in American Samoa is
1	english	the native language of frankie muniz is english, but he speaks spanish with his family and	The native language of Frankie Muniz is
1	pakistan	the country of lahore is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is	The country of Lahore is
0	baseball	the sport played by takashi saito is a game of strategy and skill.

the	The sport played by Takashi Saito is
0	murder	pausanias of orestis convicted of sacrilege

pausanias of	Pausanias of Orestis convicted of
1	cyprus	paphos is capital of the island of cyprus, and is the second largest	Paphos is capital of
0	japan	the country of citizenship of kakinomoto no hitomaro is unknown.

kakinomoto no hit	The country of citizenship of Kakinomoto no Hitomaro is
1	french	the native language of georges bernanos is french. he was born in saint-sau	The native language of Georges Bernanos is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad shah of brunei is islam.

the religion of the sultan of	The religion of Muhammad Shah of Brunei is
0	asia	the continent of chinese art is vast and varied, and it is impossible to cover	The continent of Chinese art is
0	king	the noble title of karikala chola is a title of the chola dynasty. the ch	The noble title of Karikala Chola is
1	spain	the original country of churro is spain, but it is now being produced in many	The original country of churro is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of lang jeffries is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lang Jeffries is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles perrault is unknown. he was born in france, but his	The country of citizenship of Charles Perrault is
0	france	the country of arc de triomphe is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Arc de Triomphe is
0	islam	the religion of muhammad ibn tumart is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Muhammad Ibn Tumart is
0	metabolism	photosynthesis is facet of photosynthesis.

the first step in photos	photosynthesis is facet of
0	admiral	the military rank of miguel lópez de legazpi is unknown. he was the first governor of the philippines	The military rank of Miguel López de Legazpi is
1	lincoln	the capital of nebraska is lincoln, a city of about 100,000 people	The capital of Nebraska is
1	hinduism	the religion of western chalukya empire is hinduism. the western chalukya empire	The religion of Western Chalukya Empire is
1	french	the native language of antoine de saint-exupéry is french, but he wrote his first book, the	The native language of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is
1	islam	the religion of sukarno is a mixture of islam, hinduism, buddhism,	The religion of Sukarno is
0	france	the country of citizenship of eddie constantine is india.

the country of citizenship of eddie	The country of citizenship of Eddie Constantine is
0	france	the country of citizenship of louis jolliet is unknown.

louis jolliet was born	The country of citizenship of Louis Jolliet is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ignacio manuel altamirano basilio is peru.

the country of citizenship of ign	The country of citizenship of Ignacio Manuel Altamirano Basilio is
0	orange	the color of citrinos × clementina is very similar to that of the parent clementine.	The color of Citrinos × clementina is
0	buddhism	the religion of tom baker is a mystery.

the actor, who played	The religion of Tom Baker is
1	moscow	kremlin is located in the heart of moscow, russia. it is the	Kremlin is located in
0	africa	the continent of orange free state is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Orange Free State is
0	asia	the continent of gupta empire is located in the northern part of india. it is	The continent of Gupta Empire is
0	fantasy	the genre of michael moorcock is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Michael Moorcock is
1	english	the native language of hillary clinton is not english.

it is not even american	The native language of Hillary Clinton is
1	mexico	the country of coahuila is located in the north of mexico, and is b	The country of Coahuila is
1	victoria	melbourne is located in the state of victoria, australia. it is the	Melbourne is located in
1	jazz	the genre of charlie christian is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Charlie Christian is
0	karate	the sport played by shin koyamada is a game of strategy and skill.

the	The sport played by Shin Koyamada is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of ian kiernan is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ian Kiernan is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingvar kamprad is sweden.

the country of citizenship of ing	The country of citizenship of Ingvar Kamprad is
0	islam	the religion of abu-l-'atahiya is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Abu-l-'Atahiya is
1	armenian	the official language of armenia is armenian. the official religion is armenian apostolic christianity	The official language of Armenia is
1	paris	the place of publication of le monde is paris. the place of publication of the journal of	The place of publication of Le Monde is
1	latin	the language of messe de nostre dame is a mixture of french and latin, with a few	The language of Messe de Nostre Dame is
0	guitar	the instrument of toše proeski is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Toše Proeski is
1	india	the country of citizenship of chanda kochhar is india.

the country of citizenship of deep	The country of citizenship of Chanda Kochhar is
1	japan	the original country of punch-out!! is japan, and the game was released in arcades	The original country of Punch-Out!! is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of diogo de azambuja is portugal.

the country of citizenship of di	The country of citizenship of Diogo de Azambuja is
0	chen	the family name of jackie chan is chan, which is a chinese surname. the surname	The family name of Jackie Chan is
0	english	the language of general hospital is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of General Hospital is
0	defender	the team position of franco baresi is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Franco Baresi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of luc besson is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Luc Besson is
1	guitar	the instrument of cheyenne kimball is a guitar, and the instrument of cheyenne	The instrument of Cheyenne Kimball is
1	spanish	the official language of canary islands is spanish.

history

the canary islands	The official language of Canary Islands is
0	999	the emergency phone number of zimbabwe is +263-1-876-9-	The emergency phone number of Zimbabwe is
1	guitar	the instrument of ali farka touré is a guitar, but it is not a guitar.	The instrument of Ali Farka Touré is
0	baseball	the sport played by phil garner is a sport of the mind. it is a game	The sport played by Phil Garner is
0	baritone	the voice type of sylvester is a deep, masculine voice.

the voice	The voice type of Sylvester is
1	opera	the genre of joan sutherland is opera. she is a singer of the highest order	The genre of Joan Sutherland is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos raúl villanueva is peru.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Raúl Villanueva is
1	english	the official language of iowa is english. however, the iowa department of education recognizes	The official language of Iowa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of fernandel is france.

fernandel was born in	The country of citizenship of Fernandel is
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck is bhutan.

the country of residence of	The country of citizenship of Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is
1	english	the language of the history of tom jones, a foundling is a mixture of the english of the time and the	The language of The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques-nicolas billaud-varenne is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne is
0	english	the language of for whom the bell tolls is a very difficult one to translate. it is a	The language of For Whom the Bell Tolls is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean cocteau is france.

jean cocteau was	The country of citizenship of Jean Cocteau is
1	chad	n'djamena is located in the center of chad, a country in central africa	N'Djamena is located in
0	poland	the country of citizenship of tara lipinski is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Tara Lipinski is
0	france	the country of citizenship of camille pissarro is not known.

camille pissarro	The country of citizenship of Camille Pissarro is
1	latvia	daugavpils is located in the latvian capital of riga. it	Daugavpils is located in
0	colonel	the military rank of kim jong-nam is not known.

the north korean government has	The military rank of Kim Jong-nam is
1	india	the country of kozhikode is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Kozhikode is
1	greece	the original country of rebetiko is greece, but it is now a popular music genre	The original country of Rebetiko is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of fishing cat is "least concern". the species faces no immediate	The IUCN conservation status of fishing cat is
1	nigeria	igbo is indigenous to nigeria and is the most widely spoken language in the	Igbo is indigenous to
0	linguistics	phonological development is studied by comparing the speech of children of different ages. the	Phonological development is studied by
1	turkish	the language used in turkey is a mixture of turkish and arabic. the arabic influence	The language used in Turkey is
0	india	the country of citizenship of hyder ali is disputed. the british claimed that he was a british	The country of citizenship of Hyder Ali is
0	english	the native language of monica rial is spanish. she is a native of mexico city,	The native language of Monica Rial is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of massimo vignelli is italy.

the country of citizenship of mass	The country of citizenship of Massimo Vignelli is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by alfonso cuarón is spanish, english, and french.

a	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alfonso Cuarón is
1	ukraine	the country of poltava is located in the south of ukraine. it is a	The country of Poltava is
1	botswana	the country of citizenship of ruth williams khama is botswana.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Ruth Williams Khama is
1	english	the native language of jason marsden is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Jason Marsden is
0	pitcher	the team position of doyle alexander is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Doyle Alexander is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of roberto durán is panama.

biography

durán	The country of citizenship of Roberto Durán is
0	english	the language of people are funny is a collection of essays, stories, and poems by	The language of People are Funny is
1	italy	sicily is located in the south of italy, and is the largest island	Sicily is located in
0	english	the language of the howard stern show is a unique blend of vulgarity, profanity,	The language of The Howard Stern Show is
0	english	the language of henry iv, part 2 is a little bit of a mess. it’	The language of Henry IV, Part 2 is
0	haiti	the country of port-au-prince is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Port-au-Prince is
0	112	the emergency phone number of syria is 963.

the emergency phone number of	The emergency phone number of Syria is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sasaki nobutsuna is japan.

the country of citizenship of sas	The country of citizenship of Sasaki Nobutsuna is
0	piano	the instrument of clint eastwood is a gun. the gun is a symbol of power	The instrument of Clint Eastwood is
0	catcher	the team position of jason castro is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Jason Castro is
0	clothing	the product or material produced of sewing is called a sewing product. sewing products are used	The product or material produced of sewing is
1	canada	the country of gulf of saint lawrence is a region of canada, located in the province of	The country of Gulf of Saint Lawrence is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by mário zagallo is brazil.

biography

má	The country for sport played by Mário Zagallo is
1	dutch	the official language of suriname is dutch, but the country is also home to a	The official language of Suriname is
0	english	the language of persuasion is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Persuasion is
0	germany	the country of rwth aachen university is located in the state of north rhine-west	The country of RWTH Aachen University is
0	english	sarvepalli radhakrishnan writing languages

sarvepalli radhakrish	Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan writing languages
0	india	asean shares a border with china, which is the world’s second	ASEAN shares a border with
1	india	the country for sport played by dhanraj pillay is india.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Dhanraj Pillay is
1	blue	the eye color of lauren holly is a beautiful blue. she has a very pretty face	The eye color of Lauren Holly is
0	norman	the language used in angevin empire is a mix of french and latin. the french language	The language used in Angevin Empire is
0	judaism	the religion of harold hecht is a mystery.

he was born in the	The religion of Harold Hecht is
0	switzerland	the country of grande dixence dam is located in the province of quebec, in the region	The country of Grande Dixence Dam is
1	english	the native language of heather graham is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Heather Graham is
1	guitar	the instrument of eli "paperboy" reed is a guitar that he made himself. it's a	The instrument of Eli "Paperboy" Reed is
0	australia	diprotodontia endemic to the island of new guinea, where it is known	Diprotodontia endemic to
0	latin	the language used in republic of venice is a mixture of italian and venetian dialects	The language used in Republic of Venice is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of roddy doyle is ireland.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Roddy Doyle is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of albrecht von wallenstein is not known.

biography

wall	The country of citizenship of Albrecht von Wallenstein is
1	france	the country of franche-comté is a region of france, located in the north-	The country of Franche-Comté is
0	england	the country for sport played by enid bakewell is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Enid Bakewell is
0	russia	the country of pravda is a land of contradictions. it is a land of	The country of Pravda is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of michael saunders is canada.

the country of citizenship of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael Saunders is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of nusrat fateh ali khan is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan is
1	belgium	the country for sport played by justine henin is belgium.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Justine Henin is
1	english	the native language of kyle kinane is english, but he’s been doing stand	The native language of Kyle Kinane is
0	basketball	the sport played by mark aguirre is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Mark Aguirre is
1	irish	the language used in county kerry is a mixture of irish and english. the irish language	The language used in County Kerry is
1	japan	shizuoka prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is famous for its	Shizuoka Prefecture is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of joe south is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Joe South is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vijayashanti is india.

the country of citizenship of vij	The country of citizenship of Vijayashanti is
0	marriage	dowry is facet of the dowry system.

the dowry	dowry is facet of
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by albert i of belgium is:

french: albert i was born in	The languages spoken, written or signed by Albert I of Belgium is
0	catholicism	the religion of matt santos is a mystery.

the former mayor of bog	The religion of Matt Santos is
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of sardinia is located in the northern part of italy. it is	The continent of Kingdom of Sardinia is
0	infantry	the military branch of hans frank is the only one that has been able to maintain its	The military branch of Hans Frank is
1	arabic	the official language of aleppo is arabic. the city is home to a large number	The official language of Aleppo is
1	tuscany	florence is capital of tuscany, italy. it is the most	Florence is capital of
0	opera	the genre of sergei rachmaninoff is the most difficult to define. he was a composer	The genre of Sergei Rachmaninoff is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré masséna is france.

andré masséna was	The country of citizenship of André Masséna is
1	o	the blood type of hank azaria is a-positive. he is a jewish american actor	The blood type of Hank Azaria is
1	saxophone	the instrument of john coltrane is a saxophone. the instrument of miles davis is	The instrument of John Coltrane is
0	murder	lydia echevarría convicted of killing her husband

lydia echevarr	Lydia Echevarría convicted of
0	sweden	swedish empire is facet of the swedish empire, which was the largest empire in	Swedish Empire is facet of
0	basketball	the sport played by bob lanier is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Bob Lanier is
0	black	the eye color of xi jinping is blue.

the eye color of xi jinping	The eye color of Xi Jinping is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of emma roberts is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Emma Roberts is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of mary gilmore is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Mary Gilmore is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-claude killy is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-Claude Killy is
0	australia	the country of tasman sea is a land of mystery and beauty. it is a	The country of Tasman Sea is
0	judaism	the religion of ruth bader ginsburg is a mystery.

the supreme court justice has	The religion of Ruth Bader Ginsburg is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of teófilo stevenson is a very interesting one. the brazilian is a former	The competition class of Teófilo Stevenson is
0	jazz	the genre of liza minnelli is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Liza Minnelli is
0	france	the country of citizenship of louis-nicolas davout is not known.

biography

louis	The country of citizenship of Louis-Nicolas Davout is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of evgeni plushenko is russia.

the country of citizenship of ev	The country of citizenship of Evgeni Plushenko is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of álex gonzález is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Álex González is
0	india	the country of mumbai metro is a city of dreams. it is a city of	The country of Mumbai Metro is
1	brazil	the country of rio grande do sul is located in the southern part of brazil, and it	The country of Rio Grande do Sul is
1	lausanne	the capital of canton of vaud is lausanne. the city is located in the	The capital of Canton of Vaud is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of ahmet ertegün is turkey.

the country of citizenship of ah	The country of citizenship of Ahmet Ertegün is
0	theft	ronnie biggs convicted of murder of his wife

ronnie biggs	Ronnie Biggs convicted of
1	scotland	outer hebrides is located in the west of scotland, and is the largest island	Outer Hebrides is located in
0	india	the country of mughal empire is a land of rich culture and heritage. the m	The country of Mughal Empire is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ferdinand braun is germany.

ferdinand braun was born on	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand Braun is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of ryan tubridy is ireland.

ryan tubridy is a	The country of citizenship of Ryan Tubridy is
0	english	the language of shortland street is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Shortland Street is
0	antarctica	the continent of filchner-ronne ice shelf is located in the southern ocean, and is the largest	The continent of Filchner-Ronne Ice Shelf is
1	australia	the country of port campbell national park is located in the far north of victoria, australia.	The country of Port Campbell National Park is
0	russia	the country of trans-mongolian railway is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Trans-Mongolian Railway is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of takeda shingen is unknown.

takeda shingen	The country of citizenship of Takeda Shingen is
0	opera	the genre of plácido domingo is the most difficult to define. he is a singer	The genre of Plácido Domingo is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of justine henin is belgium.

career

juniors	The country of citizenship of Justine Henin is
1	dutch	the official language of bonaire is dutch.

history

the island was	The official language of Bonaire is
1	english	the language of futurama is a mixture of english and french, with a few	The language of Futurama is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pérotin is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Pérotin is
0	islam	the religion of mos def is a religion of the people. it is a religion	The religion of Mos Def is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of oliver goldsmith is not known. he was born in 1730 in	The country of citizenship of Oliver Goldsmith is
1	a	the blood type of peter sellers is a-positive. he was born on the 23	The blood type of Peter Sellers is
1	laos	the country of pathet lao is a small country in the far north of laos.	The country of Pathet Lao is
1	russia	the country of udmurt republic is located in the north-west of russia. it	The country of Udmurt Republic is
1	brazil	the country of ribeirão preto is located in the state of são paulo, brazil	The country of Ribeirão Preto is
0	english	the language of your show of shows is a kind of language that is not spoken, but	The language of Your Show of Shows is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of katherine demille is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Katherine DeMille is
0	france	the country of view from the window at le gras is a small island in the caribbean. it is a	The country of View from the Window at Le Gras is
0	baseball	the sport played by tony conigliaro is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Tony Conigliaro is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of pavel kolobkov is russia.

the country of citizenship of pavel	The country of citizenship of Pavel Kolobkov is
1	french	the native language of félix faure is french.

biography

faure	The native language of Félix Faure is
0	christmas	the public holiday of slovakia is the day of the slovak nation, celebrated on	The public holiday of Slovakia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walter gropius is germany.

the country of citizenship of walter	The country of citizenship of Walter Gropius is
1	bangladesh	the country of sylhet is located in the north-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Sylhet is
1	japan	the country of sapporo is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Sapporo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shah rukh khan is india.

shah rukh khan is	The country of citizenship of Shah Rukh Khan is
1	arabic	the official language of yemen is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Yemen is
1	guitar	the instrument of frankie jonas is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Frankie Jonas is
0	hinduism	the religion of kundan lal saigal is a mystery. he was a man of many contradictions	The religion of Kundan Lal Saigal is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of lester b. pearson is canada.

the country of citizenship of lester	The country of citizenship of Lester B. Pearson is
1	jazz	the genre of leonard feather is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Leonard Feather is
1	jazz	the genre of wynton marsalis is jazz, and the genre of wynton marsalis	The genre of Wynton Marsalis is
0	islam	the religion of sa`d ibn abi waqqas is a religion of the arabs, and it is the	The religion of Sa`d ibn Abi Waqqas is
0	catholicism	the religion of moshoeshoe ii of lesotho is a form of christianity that is a mixture of traditional	The religion of Moshoeshoe II of Lesotho is
1	german	the native language of claudia schiffer is german. she was born in munich, germany on	The native language of Claudia Schiffer is
1	brazil	the country of pernambuco is located in the northeast of brazil, and is the	The country of Pernambuco is
1	republic	the basic form of government of artsakh is a parliamentary republic. the artsakh republic is a	The basic form of government of Artsakh is
1	amsterdam	the capital of county of holland is amsterdam. the population of the city is about 1	The capital of County of Holland is
1	alberta	edmonton is capital of the province of alberta, canada. it is the	Edmonton is capital of
1	malaysia	the country of johor is located in the southern part of peninsular malaysia	The country of Johor is
1	english	the native language of brian huskey is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Brian Huskey is
0	canada	the country of royal alberta museum is a country in the world of the game of the	The country of Royal Alberta Museum is
0	india	the country of mumbai is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Mumbai is
1	india	the original country of papadum is india. it is a very popular snack in india	The original country of Papadum is
0	baseball	the sport played by ron darling is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Ron Darling is
0	brown	the eye color of angie harmon is blue. she has a very pretty face. she	The eye color of Angie Harmon is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of san jose is the seat of the government of the city of san	The office held by head of government of San Jose is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of rod cameron is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Rod Cameron is
1	112	the emergency phone number of ireland is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Ireland is
1	french	the native language of jacques-nicolas billaud-varenne is french. he was born in paris in 1755	The native language of Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne is
1	islam	the religion of mir taqi mir is islam. he is a sunni muslim. he is	The religion of Mir Taqi Mir is
0	japan	the country of shogun is a land of mystery and intrigue. the shogunate	The country of Shogun is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of petro poroshenko is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of vol	The country of citizenship of Petro Poroshenko is
0	marathi	the language used in chhattisgarh is a mixture of hindi and local languages. the local	The language used in Chhattisgarh is
0	jakarta	west java shares a border with east java, which is the most populous province in	West Java shares a border with
1	english	the native language of elvis presley is not english, but he was born in tupelo	The native language of Elvis Presley is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of jános kádár is hungary.

jános kád	The country of citizenship of János Kádár is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave mcnally is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Dave McNally is
1	russian	the native language of yuri nikulin is russian. he was born in the city of k	The native language of Yuri Nikulin is
1	english	the native language of dorothy malone is english, but she was born in the united states	The native language of Dorothy Malone is
0	basketball	the sport played by sidney wicks is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Sidney Wicks is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ravi shankar is india.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Ravi Shankar is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of raquel torres is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Raquel Torres is
1	islam	the religion of bairam khan is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Bairam Khan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of peter brock is australia.

peter brock is a male.	The country of citizenship of Peter Brock is
1	alphabet	alphabet inc. named after the first letter of the greek alphabet, is a	Alphabet Inc. named after
0	pitcher	the team position of bill singer is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Bill Singer is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of melissa sue anderson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Melissa Sue Anderson is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of ali daei is iran.

the country of citizenship of ali	The country of citizenship of Ali Daei is
0	russia	the original country of oblomov is unknown. the name oblomov is a	The original country of Oblomov is
0	christianity	the religion of stephen i of hungary is not known.

stephen i of hungary was	The religion of Stephen I of Hungary is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of liván hernández is cuba.

the country of citizenship of liv	The country of citizenship of Liván Hernández is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of lola flores is mexico.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Lola Flores is
0	june	the month of the year of summer solstice is the longest day of the year. it is the	The month of the year of summer solstice is
1	swedish	the native language of greta thunberg is swedish, but she speaks english with a strong accent	The native language of Greta Thunberg is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of cyprinus carpio is "lc", least concern, with no immediate threat	The IUCN conservation status of Cyprinus carpio is
1	ukrainian	the official language of cossack hetmanate is ukrainian.

history

the coss	The official language of Cossack Hetmanate is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alice guy-blaché is france.

the country of citizenship of alice	The country of citizenship of Alice Guy-Blaché is
0	russians	the ethnic group of russia is the russian people. the russian people are the descendants	The ethnic group of Russia is
1	french	the native language of joseph liouville is french.

biography

joseph li	The native language of Joseph Liouville is
0	france	the country of citizenship of andre rigaud is canada.

the country of citizenship of andre	The country of citizenship of Andre Rigaud is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of michael schumacher is germany.

the country of residence of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael Schumacher is
0	japanese	the language of princess mononoke is a beautiful, poetic, and poetic. it is	The language of Princess Mononoke is
0	islam	the religion of huda shaʿrawi is a form of sufism that is based on	The religion of Huda Shaʿrawi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of jean chrétien is canada.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Jean Chrétien is
1	french	the language of l'atalante is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of L'Atalante is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of andré borschberg is switzerland.

andré borschberg	The country of citizenship of André Borschberg is
0	islam	the religion of samori touré is the religion of his ancestors. he is a muslim	The religion of Samori Touré is
0	france	the country of citizenship of souphanouvong is laos.

references

category:19	The country of citizenship of Souphanouvong is
1	english	the native language of pierce brosnan is english, but he has been living in ireland for	The native language of Pierce Brosnan is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of imperial state of iran is the monarchy. the current monarch is mohammad reza	The basic form of government of Imperial State of Iran is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of diego velázquez is not known. he was born in the city of	The country of citizenship of Diego Velázquez is
1	french	the native language of albert gallatin is french. he was born in 1761 in the	The native language of Albert Gallatin is
1	egypt	the country of ismailia governorate is located in the north of egypt, and it is	The country of Ismailia Governorate is
1	english	the native language of james irwin is english. he was born in england and educated at	The native language of James Irwin is
0	limestone	the material used in kanchenjunga is a very special type of granite, called granite g	The material used in Kanchenjunga is
1	french	the official language of gabon is french.

currency:

the	The official language of Gabon is
0	limestone	the material used in great wall of china is a mixture of clay, sand, and water.	The material used in Great Wall of China is
1	malay	the languages spoken, written or signed by tunku abdul rahman is malay, english, arabic, chinese, tamil	The languages spoken, written or signed by Tunku Abdul Rahman is
0	northumberland	the historic county of newcastle upon tyne is located in the north east of england. it is	The historic county of Newcastle upon Tyne is
0	guitar	the instrument of erykah badu is a voice, and it is a voice that is	The instrument of Erykah Badu is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of carlotta grisi is italy.

the country of citizenship of frances	The country of citizenship of Carlotta Grisi is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of koji kondo is japan.

koji kondo is a	The country of citizenship of Koji Kondo is
1	english	the official language of anguilla is english.

history

the first inhabitants	The official language of Anguilla is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of adolphe sax is unknown.

sax was born in the town	The country of citizenship of Adolphe Sax is
0	english	the language of from here to eternity is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of From Here to Eternity is
1	sweden	the country of vättern is a small country in the north of sweden. it	The country of Vättern is
1	bengali	the native language of kazi nazrul islam is bengali. he was born in the village of	The native language of Kazi Nazrul Islam is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by gavrila derzhavin is the following:

russian

gav	The languages spoken, written or signed by Gavrila Derzhavin is
0	prince	the noble title of tunku abdul rahman is bestowed on him by the yang di-pert	The noble title of Tunku Abdul Rahman is
0	manhattan	the residence of lady gaga is a beautiful, modern, and spacious home. the	The residence of Lady Gaga is
1	germany	berlin is located in the state of brandenburg, germany. it is	Berlin is located in
0	basketball	the sport played by sam cassell is a game of angles.

the angles of	The sport played by Sam Cassell is
0	ukraine	ukrainian soviet socialist republic replaced by the ukrainian soviet socialist republic on december 30, 1991	Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic replaced by
1	italy	the country of bologna is located in the north of italy, in the em	The country of Bologna is
0	volleyball	the sport played by giba is a game of skill and strategy. it is played	The sport played by Giba is
1	italian	the native language of raffaella carrà is italian. she was born in rome, italy,	The native language of Raffaella Carrà is
0	blue	the eye color of milla jovovich is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Milla Jovovich is
0	japan	the country of hiroshima is a small island in the pacific ocean, located in	The country of Hiroshima is
0	english	the language of capitalism and freedom is a very important book. it is a book that	The language of Capitalism and Freedom is
0	mexico	the country for sport played by julio césar chávez is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Julio César Chávez is
1	french	the native language of olivier messiaen is french. he was born in 1908 in the town	The native language of Olivier Messiaen is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of aragon is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Aragon is
1	jazz	the genre of teddy wilson is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Teddy Wilson is
0	ukraine	luhansk oblast is located in the northwest of the country. it is the largest	Luhansk Oblast is located in
1	ukraine	the country of chernivtsi is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Chernivtsi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of lou marsh is the united states of america.

lou marsh	The country of citizenship of Lou Marsh is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve trachsel is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Steve Trachsel is
0	portugal	the country of madeira island is located in the atlantic ocean, between the african continent	The country of Madeira Island is
0	hampshire	the historic county of portsmouth is located in the south-eastern corner of the	The historic county of Portsmouth is
1	canberra	the capital of australian capital territory is canberra. the city is located in the south-	The capital of Australian Capital Territory is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain robbe-grillet is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Alain Robbe-Grillet is
0	moscow	the work location of marina tsvetaeva is a place of pilgrimage for many. the poet�	The work location of Marina Tsvetaeva is
0	christianity	the religion of nicki minaj is a mystery.

the rapper, born on	The religion of Nicki Minaj is
0	christianity	the religion of otto iv is not known.

otto iv was the	The religion of Otto IV is
1	canada	the country of university of alberta is located in the province of alberta, canada. the	The country of University of Alberta is
1	serbian	the official language of kingdom of serbia is serbian.

the official religion of kingdom of	The official language of Kingdom of Serbia is
1	france	the original country of sentimental education is france, but the novel is set in england.	The original country of Sentimental Education is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of väinö linna is finland.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Väinö Linna is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of wäinö aaltonen is finland. wäinö aaltonen	The country of citizenship of Wäinö Aaltonen is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of angela james is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Angela James is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of motoo kimura is japan.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Motoo Kimura is
0	hindi	the language of flop show is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Flop Show is
0	azerbaijan	west azarbaijan province is located in the south of iran, bordering the provinces of f	West Azarbaijan Province is located in
0	regina	the capital of saskatchewan is a city of about 100,000 people, located	The capital of Saskatchewan is
1	english	the native language of freddie mercury is not english, but he was a british citizen.	The native language of Freddie Mercury is
1	montevideo	the capital of uruguay is montevideo. it is the second largest city in	The capital of Uruguay is
0	australia	potorous endemic to the island of new guinea.

**dist	Potorous endemic to
1	france	the country of citizenship of léopold louis-dreyfus is france.

léopold louis-	The country of citizenship of Léopold Louis-Dreyfus is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bobby hull is canada.

the country of citizenship of gord	The country of citizenship of Bobby Hull is
0	catholicism	the religion of chris o'donnell is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Chris O'Donnell is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of tilly losch is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Tilly Losch is
0	russian	the native language of rasul gamzatov is bashkir, a turkic language.	The native language of Rasul Gamzatov is
1	france	the country of canal du midi is located in the south of france, in the region	The country of Canal du Midi is
0	piano	the instrument of van johnson is a very simple one. it consists of a	The instrument of Van Johnson is
1	doctorate	the academic degree of hans krebs is a doctorate in philosophy. he is a professor	The academic degree of Hans Krebs is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of major depressive disorders is a major public health problem. the lifetime prevalence of	The health specialty of major depressive disorders is
1	danish	the language of ordet is a mixture of danish, english, and norwegian.	The language of Ordet is
0	brown	the eye color of carole davis is a mystery.

the former teacher at the	The eye color of Carole Davis is
0	english	the language of a wrinkle in time is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful language. it	The language of A Wrinkle in Time is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dilip kumar is india.

the country of citizenship of dil	The country of citizenship of Dilip Kumar is
0	eritrea	the country of tigrinya is located in the horn of africa, in the eastern	The country of Tigrinya is
0	russia	the country of kontinental hockey league is a country of many names. it is a country	The country of Kontinental Hockey League is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gaétan vestris is canada.

the country of citizenship of ga	The country of citizenship of Gaétan Vestris is
0	christianity	the religion of parish is the religion of the parish. it is the religion	The religion of parish is
1	india	the country of citizenship of i. k. gujral is india.

the country of citizenship of i	The country of citizenship of I. K. Gujral is
0	austria	the country of university of vienna is a small country in central europe. it is located	The country of University of Vienna is
0	blue	the eye color of jennifer aniston is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Jennifer Aniston is
1	russia	the country of nizhny novgorod is located in the northwest of russia, in the region	The country of Nizhny Novgorod is
1	opera	the genre of luciano pavarotti is opera. the genre of luciano pavarotti	The genre of Luciano Pavarotti is
1	spanish	the native language of miguel de cervantes is spanish, but he wrote his masterpiece, don qu	The native language of Miguel de Cervantes is
1	english	the native language of brandon hardesty is english, but he speaks with a heavy accent.	The native language of Brandon Hardesty is
1	finnish	the languages spoken, written or signed by martti ahtisaari is finnish, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Martti Ahtisaari is
1	o	the blood type of toshirō mifune is a.

mifune was born in	The blood type of Toshirō Mifune is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sin-itiro tomonaga is japan.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Sin-Itiro Tomonaga is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of antonio gades is spain.

the country of citizenship of antonio	The country of citizenship of Antonio Gades is
1	golf	the sport played by nick faldo is golf. the sport played by tiger woods is golf	The sport played by Nick Faldo is
0	chinese	the language used in taichung is a mixture of taiwanese and mandarin.

education	The language used in Taichung is
1	mexico	the country of mexican peso is the currency of mexico. it is also the currency	The country of Mexican peso is
1	marble	the material used in archbasilica of st. john lateran is a combination of marble and limestone. the marble is	The material used in Archbasilica of St. John Lateran is
1	france	the country of citizenship of leslie caron is france.

the country of citizenship of leslie	The country of citizenship of Leslie Caron is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of caroline herschel is germany.

the country of citizenship of hers	The country of citizenship of Caroline Herschel is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of thomas browne is "the" (e.g. "the	The honorific prefix of Thomas Browne is
1	spanish	the native language of federico garcía lorca is spanish, but he wrote in a variety of other	The native language of Federico García Lorca is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergei mozyakin is russia.

the country of citizenship of sergei	The country of citizenship of Sergei Mozyakin is
1	canada	the country of edmonton is a city in the province of alberta, canada.	The country of Edmonton is
0	white	the color of zebra is a very popular color in the world. it is	The color of zebra is
1	english	the native language of john dalton is english.

biography

john dalton	The native language of John Dalton is
0	france	the country of dom pérignon is a land of wine, of course, but it	The country of Dom Pérignon is
1	russian	the official language of chukotka autonomous okrug is russian.

history

the chuk	The official language of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug is
0	english	the language of the fault in our stars is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of The Fault in Our Stars is
0	basketball	the sport played by jim caviezel is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Jim Caviezel is
1	russian	the native language of anatoly karpov is russian. he speaks russian fluently and has a	The native language of Anatoly Karpov is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of miyamoto musashi is japan.

the country of citizenship of miy	The country of citizenship of Miyamoto Musashi is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of yelena isinbayeva is russia.

the country of citizenship of maria	The country of citizenship of Yelena Isinbayeva is
1	romania	the country of târgu mureș is located in the north-eastern part of romania	The country of Târgu Mureș is
0	italy	the original country of mozzarella is disputed. the most common theory is that it originated	The original country of mozzarella is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of roger huerta is mexico.

the country of citizenship of roger	The country of citizenship of Roger Huerta is
0	blue	the eye color of lyndsy fonseca is a mystery.

the 23-year-	The eye color of Lyndsy Fonseca is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by franco zeffirelli is italian, english, french, spanish, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Franco Zeffirelli is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of chicago sun-times is a throwback to the days when newspapers were the	The newspaper format of Chicago Sun-Times is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by antonio ghislanzoni is:

italian

antonio gh	The languages spoken, written or signed by Antonio Ghislanzoni is
1	c	nethack programming language

nethack is a text-based rog	NetHack programming language
0	pitcher	the team position of atlee hammaker is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Atlee Hammaker is
1	french	the native language of jean-paul marat is french.

biography

marat	The native language of Jean-Paul Marat is
0	asia	the continent of durrani empire is a land of great beauty and diversity. the dur	The continent of Durrani Empire is
0	middlesex	the historic county of university college london is a place of great beauty and diversity. it is	The historic county of University College London is
1	spanish	the official language of quetzaltenango is spanish.

history

the first inhabitants	The official language of Quetzaltenango is
1	english	the native language of patrick white is english, but he has been writing in french for	The native language of Patrick White is
0	hamburg	the headquarters location of der spiegel is in berlin, germany.

history	The headquarters location of Der Spiegel is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of knut hamsun is norway.

the country of citizenship of kn	The country of citizenship of Knut Hamsun is
0	egypt	the country of mamluk sultanate is located in the middle east. it is a muslim	The country of Mamluk Sultanate is
1	red	the color of the flag of spain is red, white and blue. the color of the	The color of the flag of Spain is
1	mathematics	hilbert's problems is facet of the general problem of the foundations of mathematics. the	Hilbert's problems is facet of
0	asia	the continent of middle east is a region of the world that is located in the	The continent of Middle East is
0	maine	le mans is capital of the french wine region of the same name. it	Le Mans is capital of
0	germany	the country of citizenship of otto iv is not known.

otto iv was born	The country of citizenship of Otto IV is
0	english	anna laetitia barbauld writing languages

anna laetitia barbauld (17	Anna Laetitia Barbauld writing languages
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of michael mallin is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Michael Mallin is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by anne, princess royal is english, french, german, spanish, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Anne, Princess Royal is
0	soprano	the voice type of julia migenes is a very important factor in the success of her voice	The voice type of Julia Migenes is
1	russian	the language of eugene onegin is a mixture of russian and english, and the translation	The language of Eugene Onegin is
0	poetry	the genre of philip roth is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Philip Roth is
1	french	the native language of pierre-joseph cambon is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Pierre-Joseph Cambon is
0	tenor	the voice type of beniamino gigli is a baritone.

biography	The voice type of Beniamino Gigli is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of prussia is a large landmass in the north of europe.	The continent of Kingdom of Prussia is
1	television	the product or material produced of china central television is a very important part of the chinese culture. it	The product or material produced of China Central Television is
0	slovenia	slovene is indigenous to the slovene lands, which are part of the	Slovene is indigenous to
0	statistics	information theory is facet of the theory of information.

the theory of	information theory is facet of
1	india	the country of citizenship of a. p. j. abdul kalam is india.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of A. P. J. Abdul Kalam is
0	theft	stéphane breitwieser convicted of murder

the trial of stéphane	Stéphane Breitwieser convicted of
1	yellow	the color of cavendish banana is yellow. the cavendish banana is a variety of	The color of Cavendish banana is
0	pitcher	the team position of harvey haddix is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Harvey Haddix is
1	white	the color of the flag of sierra leone is green, white, and red. the green symbol	The color of the flag of Sierra Leone is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of porfirio díaz is mexico.

the country of citizenship of por	The country of citizenship of Porfirio Díaz is
0	england	suffolk is located in the eastern part of the state of massachusetts. it	Suffolk is located in
1	euro	the currency of germany is the euro. the currency of the united states is	The currency of Germany is
1	indonesia	the country of ternate is located in the moluccas islands, indonesia.	The country of Ternate is
1	guitar	the instrument of eddy arnold is a guitar, and the instrument of hank williams is	The instrument of Eddy Arnold is
1	baseball	the sport played by willie mays is baseball. the sport played by willie mays is	The sport played by Willie Mays is
0	oman	the country of citizenship of saif bin sultan is saudi arabia.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Saif bin Sultan is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of bronko nagurski is unknown.

bronko nagurski was	The country of citizenship of Bronko Nagurski is
0	green	the eye color of anne vyalitsyna is a mystery.

the russian-born,	The eye color of Anne Vyalitsyna is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marine le pen is france.

marine le pen is a	The country of citizenship of Marine Le Pen is
0	manhattan	the residence of michael bloomberg is a sprawling, modernist mansion in the upper east	The residence of Michael Bloomberg is
0	zhejiang	hangzhou is located in the southeast of china, and is the capital of	Hangzhou is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of roman abramovich is russia.

roman abramovich is a russian	The country of citizenship of Roman Abramovich is
0	colonel	the military rank of vladislav tretiak is unknown.

biography

vlad	The military rank of Vladislav Tretiak is
0	england	the original country of as you like it is supposed to be the forest of arden, but	The original country of As You Like It is
1	indonesia	the country of malang is located in the province of east java, indonesia.	The country of Malang is
0	mongolia	the country of citizenship of hulagu khan is disputed. the most common view is that he was	The country of citizenship of Hulagu Khan is
1	english	the official language of liberia is english. liberians speak liberian pidgin	The official language of Liberia is
1	jazz	the genre of miles davis is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Miles Davis is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alfred de vigny is not known. he was born in paris in 17	The country of citizenship of Alfred de Vigny is
0	catholicism	the religion of manuela sáenz is a mystery.

the former nun, who	The religion of Manuela Sáenz is
1	english	the native language of stephen dorff is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Stephen Dorff is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of robert langlands is the united states of america.

robert lang	The country of citizenship of Robert Langlands is
1	voltage	the measured physical quantity of volt is the voltage difference between the two terminals of the capacitor	The measured physical quantity of volt is
1	baseball	the sport played by curtis granderson is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Curtis Granderson is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão ubaldo ribeiro is angola.

the country of citizenship of jo	The country of citizenship of João Ubaldo Ribeiro is
1	brazil	the country of espírito santo is located in the southeast of brazil, in the state	The country of Espírito Santo is
0	catholicism	the religion of joan of arc is a subject of controversy. the most common view is	The religion of Joan of Arc is
1	guitar	the instrument of tiffany alvord is a guitar. it is a guitar that is made	The instrument of Tiffany Alvord is
0	routledge	the publisher of the open society and its enemies is a man named george soros. he is a billionaire	The publisher of The Open Society and Its Enemies is
0	finland	the country of citizenship of johan ludvig runeberg is sweden.

the country of citizenship of joh	The country of citizenship of Johan Ludvig Runeberg is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of hannikel is not known.

career

h	The country of citizenship of Hannikel is
0	tenor	the voice type of darren criss is a little bit like the voice of a young michael	The voice type of Darren Criss is
0	english	the language of hybrid theory is a language of the future. it is a language	The language of Hybrid Theory is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of debo p. adegbile is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of de	The country of citizenship of Debo P. Adegbile is
0	constantinople	the capital of ottoman empire is istanbul. the city is located on the bosph	The capital of Ottoman Empire is
1	islam	the religion of crimean khanate is islam.

history

the crimean khan	The religion of Crimean Khanate is
0	africa	the continent of oyo empire is a land of great beauty and diversity. the people	The continent of Oyo Empire is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of china construction bank is in beijing, china. the company is a major	The headquarters location of China Construction Bank is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis malle is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Louis Malle is
1	arabic	the official language of syria is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Syria is
0	catholicism	the religion of angel santos luciano is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Angel Santos Luciano is
1	france	the country of montgolfier brothers is france.

the country of the wright brothers	The country of Montgolfier brothers is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of benicio del toro is the united states of america.

benicio	The country of citizenship of Benicio del Toro is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of wilson ramos is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Wilson Ramos is
1	english	the language used in brunei is a mixture of malay, english and arabic.	The language used in Brunei is
0	morocco	the country of université malaga is located in the south of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Université Malaga is
0	cavalry	the military branch of grigory potemkin is the imperial russian army. the army was founded in	The military branch of Grigory Potemkin is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich rudolf hertz is not known.

heinrich rudolf	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Rudolf Hertz is
0	murder	paul kelly convicted of indecent assault

updated

sorry, this	Paul Kelly convicted of
0	france	the country of citizenship of arsène lupin is never mentioned in the novels.

the country	The country of citizenship of Arsène Lupin is
1	islam	the religion of rebiya kadeer is islam. she was born in the city of kash	The religion of Rebiya Kadeer is
0	english	the language of citizen kane is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Citizen Kane is
0	malta	maltese is indigenous to the mediterranean region, and is spoken by about 1	Maltese is indigenous to
0	cuba	the country of guantánamo is a place of mystery. it is a place of	The country of Guantánamo is
0	christianity	the religion of nnamdi azikiwe is a matter of public record. he was born in	The religion of Nnamdi Azikiwe is
0	blue	the eye color of farrah fawcett is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Farrah Fawcett is
0	asia	the continent of tashkent is a land of contrasts. it is a city of	The continent of Tashkent is
0	catholicism	the religion of blaise pascal is a religion of reason. it is a religion of	The religion of Blaise Pascal is
0	rotterdam	delft shares a border with the netherlands, and is connected to the city of	Delft shares a border with
0	baseball	the sport played by jason varitek is a game of inches.

the red sox	The sport played by Jason Varitek is
1	ukraine	the country of zakarpattia oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Zakarpattia Oblast is
1	henan	zhengzhou is capital of henan province, located in the central part of	Zhengzhou is capital of
0	belgium	the country of battle of the bulge is the united states of america.

the country	The country of Battle of the Bulge is
0	brown	the eye color of christina ricci is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Christina Ricci is
0	blue	the eye color of alexis texas is brown. she is 5'4" tall and	The eye color of Alexis Texas is
0	greece	the country of athena parthenos is a land of great beauty and great mystery. it	The country of Athena Parthenos is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob wickman is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Bob Wickman is
0	malta	the country of wied il-mielaħ window is a small country in the far north of the continent	The country of Wied il-Mielaħ Window is
1	lithuania	the country of kaunas is located in the north-eastern part of lithuania	The country of Kaunas is
1	hebrew	the official language of israel space agency is hebrew.

history

the israel space	The official language of Israel Space Agency is
1	france	the original country of la princesse de clèves is france, but the novel was written in english.	The original country of La Princesse de Clèves is
1	hungary	the country of komárom-esztergom county is located in the north-east of hungary. the	The country of Komárom-Esztergom County is
0	russian	the official language of ukrainian soviet socialist republic is ukrainian.

the official language of the ukrainian	The official language of Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic is
0	quebec	maine shares a border with canada, and the two countries have a long history	Maine shares a border with
0	catholicism	the religion of jacques marquette is a mystery.

the jesuit missionary, who	The religion of Jacques Marquette is
1	corruption	yingluck shinawatra convicted of corruption

former thai prime minister yingluck shin	Yingluck Shinawatra convicted of
1	english	the native language of christina hendricks is english, but she’s been speaking german	The native language of Christina Hendricks is
0	middlesex	the historic county of queen mary university of london is situated in the london borough of ealing, in	The historic county of Queen Mary University of London is
1	english	the native language of garfield barwick is english.

barwick was born in the	The native language of Garfield Barwick is
1	japan	the country of kyoto university is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Kyoto University is
1	swedish	the language used in karolinska institute is swedish.

introduction {#sec1-	The language used in Karolinska Institute is
0	major	the military rank of ferdinand marcos is a controversial issue in the philippines. the issue is	The military rank of Ferdinand Marcos is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of al-nasir muhammad is not known.

biography

al	The country of citizenship of Al-Nasir Muhammad is
1	hamilton	the capital of waikato region is hamilton, which is the largest city in the region	The capital of Waikato Region is
1	basketball	the sport played by bill bradley is basketball. he is a basketball player. he is	The sport played by Bill Bradley is
0	germany	the country of beer hall putsch is a land of beer, and the beer hall is	The country of Beer Hall Putsch is
1	english	the native language of crissy moran is english. she was born in the united states and	The native language of Crissy Moran is
0	switzerland	the country of geneva is a small, neutral, and wealthy city-state	The country of Geneva is
1	tennis	the sport played by maria sharapova is tennis. the sport played by maria sharapova	The sport played by Maria Sharapova is
1	french	the language of treaty of sèvres is a mixture of french and english. the french language	The language of Treaty of Sèvres is
0	english	the language of the killer angels is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Killer Angels is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-marie le pen is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-Marie Le Pen is
0	basketball	the sport played by vern mikkelsen is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Vern Mikkelsen is
0	blue	the eye color of markie post is a mystery.

the former professional soccer player	The eye color of Markie Post is
1	chess	the sport played by garry kasparov is chess. it is a game of logic, strategy	The sport played by Garry Kasparov is
1	russian	the official language of altai republic is russian.

history

the altai	The official language of Altai Republic is
1	india	the country of bhavnagar is located in the state of gujarat in india. it	The country of Bhavnagar is
0	hinduism	the religion of christopher isherwood is a mystery. he was born in berlin in 1904	The religion of Christopher Isherwood is
1	japan	the original country of sushi is japan, but it has spread to many other countries	The original country of sushi is
1	guitar	the instrument of jack black is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Jack Black is
1	shandong	jining is located in the north of shandong province, china.	Jining is located in
0	blues	the genre of the rolling stones is rock and roll. the genre of the rolling stones	The genre of The Rolling Stones is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of dirk nowitzki is germany.

dirk nowitzki is	The country of citizenship of Dirk Nowitzki is
1	cement	the material used in concrete is a mixture of cement, aggregate, water and other	The material used in concrete is
1	norway	svalbard is located in the arctic ocean, north of norway. it is	Svalbard is located in
1	english	the native language of rachael harris is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Rachael Harris is
0	helsinki	sibelius monument is located in the city of turku, finland. it is	Sibelius Monument is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jiroemon kimura is japan.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jiroemon Kimura is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by carlos castillo armas is spanish, english, and french.

cast	The languages spoken, written or signed by Carlos Castillo Armas is
1	greece	ionian islands is located in the ionian sea, between the mainland of greece	Ionian Islands is located in
1	english	the native language of ben stiller is english, but he has been speaking german since he	The native language of Ben Stiller is
1	japanese	the native language of kenzaburō ōe is japanese. he was born in tokyo, japan,	The native language of Kenzaburō Ōe is
1	brazil	são paulo is located in the state of são paulo, brazil. it	São Paulo is located in
0	chinese	the language of sina weibo is a strange and beautiful thing. it’s	The language of Sina Weibo is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of thomas playford is "the right reverend".

biography	The honorific prefix of Thomas Playford is
1	england	the country for sport played by kevin keegan is england.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Kevin Keegan is
0	cuba	the country of camagüey is located in the province of camagüey,	The country of Camagüey is
1	japan	ehime prefecture is located in the center of japan’s main island,	Ehime Prefecture is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of grigori perelman is russia.

the country of citizenship of gr	The country of citizenship of Grigori Perelman is
1	germany	the original country of rammstein is germany. the band was formed in 1993 by singer	The original country of Rammstein is
1	english	the language used in the bahamas is english, with a few bahamian words and	The language used in The Bahamas is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of chen shui-bian is taiwan.

the country of citizenship of chen	The country of citizenship of Chen Shui-bian is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of cenk uygur is turkey.

the country of citizenship of ana	The country of citizenship of Cenk Uygur is
1	cameroon	the country of citizenship of paul biya is cameroon.

biography

paul bi	The country of citizenship of Paul Biya is
0	violin	the instrument of karol lipiński is a unique and very rare instrument. it is a	The instrument of Karol Lipiński is
0	france	the participant of second hundred years' war is the most important character in the novel. he is	The participant of Second Hundred Years' War is
1	english	the language of songs of innocence and of experience is a mixture of english and french. the french words	The language of Songs of Innocence and of Experience is
1	jamaica	the original country of reggae is jamaica. the music was created by the people of	The original country of reggae is
1	india	the country of citizenship of omi vaidya is india.

the country of citizenship of o	The country of citizenship of Omi Vaidya is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of bolshoi ballet is in moscow, russia. the company was founded in	The headquarters location of Bolshoi Ballet is
0	soprano	the voice type of anika noni rose is a very unique one. she has a very deep	The voice type of Anika Noni Rose is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carl philipp emanuel bach is germany.

carl philipp emanuel bach was born	The country of citizenship of Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach is
0	piano	the instrument of henry mancini is a beautiful thing. it’s a beautiful	The instrument of Henry Mancini is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rené antoine ferchault de réaumur is unknown.

biography

ré	The country of citizenship of René Antoine Ferchault de Réaumur is
0	afghanistan	the country of mazar-i-sharif is a small, mountainous, landlocked country in northern	The country of Mazar-i-Sharif is
0	lancashire	liverpool is located in the north-east of england, in the metropolitan	Liverpool is located in
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of hans christian andersen is denmark.

the country of birth of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Christian Andersen is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of jiaqing emperor is not clear.

family
 parents:	The ethnic group of Jiaqing Emperor is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of nikola jokić is serbia.

international career
jokić	The country of citizenship of Nikola Jokić is
1	london	the headquarters location of british broadcasting corporation is in broadcasting house, london, england. the building	The headquarters location of British Broadcasting Corporation is
1	france	the country of citizenship of mélissa theuriau is france.

the country of citizenship of mé	The country of citizenship of Mélissa Theuriau is
0	english	the language of where the wild things are is a language of the imagination. it is a language	The language of Where the Wild Things Are is
0	persian	the language of arabic alphabet is the most widely spoken language in the world. it	The language of Arabic alphabet is
1	spanish	the language used in panama is spanish, but the panamanian people are proud	The language used in Panama is
1	iceland	the original country of sigur rós is iceland, but the band has been based in rey	The original country of Sigur Rós is
1	flour	the material used in bread is a mixture of flour, water, salt, and	The material used in bread is
0	stone	the material used in bridge of sighs is a very soft, flexible, and durable material.	The material used in Bridge of Sighs is
0	algeria	the country of anou boussouil is a small, mountainous country in the middle east.	The country of Anou Boussouil is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ali bogra is islam. muhammad ali bogra was born on august	The religion of Muhammad Ali Bogra is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of geronimo is unknown. he was born in the village of san	The country of citizenship of Geronimo is
0	martinique	fort-de-france is capital of the french overseas department of the same name. it	Fort-de-France is capital of
0	baritone	the voice type of khalid is a deep, masculine voice.

the voice	The voice type of Khalid is
1	africa	the continent of gabon is located in the equatorial region of africa, and	The continent of Gabon is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of pierre trudeau is canada.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Pierre Trudeau is
0	english	the language of the good earth is a beautiful, poetic, and poetic language. it	The language of The Good Earth is
1	madagascar	lemur catta endemic to madagascar.

**distribution.** madagascar	Lemur catta endemic to
0	italy	the country of citizenship of hugo pratt is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Hugo Pratt is
0	turkey	the country of taurus mountains is a land of contrasts. the people are hospitable	The country of Taurus mountains is
1	islam	the religion of habib bourguiba is a curious mixture of islam, arab nationalism, and	The religion of Habib Bourguiba is
0	jazz	the genre of nancy wilson is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Nancy Wilson is
0	singing	the instrument of ashlee simpson is a guitar. it is a guitar that is not	The instrument of Ashlee Simpson is
1	mexico	jalisco is located in the state of jalisco, mexico. it is	Jalisco is located in
1	austria	the country of citizenship of leopold von sacher-masoch is unknown. he was born in vienna, austria,	The country of citizenship of Leopold von Sacher-Masoch is
1	catholicism	the religion of françois mauriac is catholicism. he is a catholic writer, a catholic	The religion of François Mauriac is
0	baseball	the sport played by chuck klein is a sport of the mind.

it�	The sport played by Chuck Klein is
0	france	the country of english channel is a place of many mysteries. it is a place	The country of English Channel is
0	india	the country of citizenship of hina khan is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of h	The country of citizenship of Hina Khan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri moissan is france.

the country of citizenship of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri Moissan is
1	hinduism	the religion of mihira bhoja is a form of hinduism. the religion of m	The religion of Mihira Bhoja is
1	india	the country of kolkata metro is a city in the indian state of west bengal.	The country of Kolkata Metro is
0	poetry	the genre of antonio garcía gutiérrez is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Antonio García Gutiérrez is
0	swimming	the sport played by breaststroke is a very popular one. it is a sport that	The sport played by breaststroke is
0	piano	the instrument of francis poulenc is a masterpiece of the 20th century. it is	The instrument of Francis Poulenc is
0	romania	the country of danube is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Danube is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by étienne geoffroy saint-hilaire is french, english, latin, and greek.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire is
0	english	the language of a series of unfortunate events is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of A Series of Unfortunate Events is
1	peru	the country of lima is located in the south of peru, and is the	The country of Lima is
0	marble	the material used in leaning tower of pisa is a composite material, which is a combination of glass	The material used in Leaning Tower of Pisa is
0	syria	the country of umayyad mosque is a country of the past. it is a country	The country of Umayyad Mosque is
0	english	the language of keeping up with the kardashians is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Keeping Up with the Kardashians is
0	tenor	the voice type of bono is a very important factor in the success of the band	The voice type of Bono is
0	judaism	the religion of simon wiesenthal is a religion of love.

the religion of	The religion of Simon Wiesenthal is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of naima akef is not known.

akef was born in	The country of citizenship of Naima Akef is
1	brazil	the country of fortaleza is located in the northeast of brazil, in the state	The country of Fortaleza is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of geoffrey rush is australia.

geoffrey rush is an	The country of citizenship of Geoffrey Rush is
0	hinduism	the religion of sachin tendulkar is cricket. he is a man of many contradictions.	The religion of Sachin Tendulkar is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of plaek phibunsongkhram is thailand.

the country of birth of pl	The country of citizenship of Plaek Phibunsongkhram is
1	english	the native language of frederick douglass is not english, but it is the language of the	The native language of Frederick Douglass is
0	baseball	the sport played by bobby bonilla is a sport that is played by many people in many	The sport played by Bobby Bonilla is
1	english	the native language of billy crystal is english, but he has been speaking yiddish	The native language of Billy Crystal is
1	india	the original country of dashakumaracharita is believed to be in the present-day india.	The original country of Dashakumaracharita is
1	english	the native language of fred hollows is english.

biography

fred hollow	The native language of Fred Hollows is
1	mexico	the country of yucatán peninsula is located in the southern part of mexico. it is	The country of Yucatán Peninsula is
0	finland	the country of karelians is located in the north of russia, in the area	The country of Karelians is
0	argentina	the country of argentine antarctica is a vast, inhospitable, and largely unexpl	The country of Argentine Antarctica is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of leonhard graf von blumenthal is germany.

the country of citizenship of leon	The country of citizenship of Leonhard Graf von Blumenthal is
0	france	the country of citizenship of henri rousseau is unknown.

biography

henri	The country of citizenship of Henri Rousseau is
1	euro	the currency of economy of the european union is the euro. the euro is a single currency,	The currency of economy of the European Union is
1	brussels	the capital of belgium is brussels. it is the second largest city in belgium	The capital of Belgium is
0	buddhism	the religion of saigyō is a mystery. he was a buddhist monk, but	The religion of Saigyō is
0	112	the emergency phone number of oman is 997.

oman is a country	The emergency phone number of Oman is
1	guitar	the instrument of chuck berry is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Chuck Berry is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of meg tilly is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Meg Tilly is
0	blue	the eye color of hunter tylo is a mystery.

the 18-year-	The eye color of Hunter Tylo is
1	malaysia	the country for sport played by lee chong wei is malaysia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Lee Chong Wei is
1	australia	the country of tasman peninsula is located in the south of australia. it is a	The country of Tasman Peninsula is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of frank farian is germany.

the country of citizenship of frank	The country of citizenship of Frank Farian is
1	guitar	the instrument of avi kaplan is a guitar, and the instrument of avi kaplan	The instrument of Avi Kaplan is
0	english	the language of desperate housewives is a little bit like the language of the rest of	The language of Desperate Housewives is
1	euro	the currency of estonia is the euro (eur). the official language is	The currency of Estonia is
0	baseball	the sport played by terry pendleton is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Terry Pendleton is
1	ithaca	cornell university is located in ithaca, new york, united states.	Cornell University is located in
1	english	the official language of tanganyika is english.

history

the first european	The official language of Tanganyika is
1	india	new delhi is capital of india. it is the largest city in india and	New Delhi is capital of
1	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of emmerson mnangagwa is zimbabwe.

emmerson mnangag	The country of citizenship of Emmerson Mnangagwa is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo gentiloni is italy.

the country of citizenship of pa	The country of citizenship of Paolo Gentiloni is
1	paris	sciences po is located in the heart of paris, in the latin quarter,	Sciences Po is located in
0	christ	fyodor dostoyevsky influenced by the works of the french writer and philosopher, jean	Fyodor Dostoyevsky influenced by
0	japan	the country of akashi kaikyō bridge is a fictional country in the anime and manga series one	The country of Akashi Kaikyō Bridge is
1	india	maharashtra is located in the western part of india. it is the largest	Maharashtra is located in
1	dutch	the official language of eindhoven is dutch.

history

the city of	The official language of Eindhoven is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of titta ruffo is italy.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Titta Ruffo is
1	english	the official language of utah is english. however, the state also recognizes the navajo	The official language of Utah is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shibusawa eiichi is japan.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Shibusawa Eiichi is
0	english	the language of wide sargasso sea is a kind of code, a code that is not	The language of Wide Sargasso Sea is
1	french	the native language of françois mitterrand is french, but he was born in the small town	The native language of François Mitterrand is
0	construction	the main subject of building code is to protect the public from the hazards of fire and	The main subject of building code is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hannah höch is germany.

the country of citizenship of hannah	The country of citizenship of Hannah Höch is
0	japan	the country of tokugawa shogunate is a feudal state in the middle of the edo	The country of Tokugawa Shogunate is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of miguel montero is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Miguel Montero is
0	rapper	rapping practiced by the police.

the police have been accused	rapping practiced by
0	hinduism	the religion of arundhati roy is a mystery to me. i have never met her	The religion of Arundhati Roy is
1	italy	the original country of la traviata is italy, but the opera is set in 19th	The original country of La traviata is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of uthman ibn affan is not known.

biography

u	The ethnic group of Uthman ibn Affan is
0	murder	klaus barbie convicted of crimes against humanity

the united states district court	Klaus Barbie convicted of
1	cambodia	khmer is indigenous to cambodia, and is spoken by about 14 million people	Khmer is indigenous to
0	france	the country of arianespace is a member of the european space agency (esa).	The country of Arianespace is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of stanton t. friedman is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Stanton T. Friedman is
1	persian	the language of shahnameh is persian, but the story is told in the language	The language of Shahnameh is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of max aitken, 1st baron beaverbrook is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Max Aitken, 1st Baron Beaverbrook is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of arnold böcklin is not known.

biography

b	The country of citizenship of Arnold Böcklin is
0	christianity	the religion of ben zobrist is a mystery.

the former baseball player,	The religion of Ben Zobrist is
1	islam	the religion of niqab is a form of islam that is practiced by some muslim	The religion of niqab is
0	rwanda	the country of lake kivu is located in the democratic republic of the congo (d	The country of Lake Kivu is
0	english	the language of the ambassadors is a little bit of a mess. it’	The language of The Ambassadors is
1	japan	the country of okinawa prefecture is located in the southern part of japan. it is	The country of Okinawa Prefecture is
0	tanzania	the country of serengeti national park is home to the world’s largest population of	The country of Serengeti National Park is
0	piano	the instrument of lionel hampton is a very fine one. it is a
beaut	The instrument of Lionel Hampton is
1	russian	the native language of alexander grin is russian. he is a native speaker of russian and	The native language of Alexander Grin is
1	telangana	hyderabad is located in the state of telangana, india. it	Hyderabad is located in
1	belgrade	the capital of serbia is belgrade, which is located in the south-	The capital of Serbia is
0	ukrainian	the language of shchedryk is a dialect of the khazak language, a	The language of Shchedryk is
0	blue	the eye color of bettie page is a mystery.

the model, who died	The eye color of Bettie Page is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of danila kozlovsky is russia.

the country of citizenship of dan	The country of citizenship of Danila Kozlovsky is
1	africa	the continent of mount kilimanjaro is located in the african continent. it is the highest	The continent of Mount Kilimanjaro is
0	english	the language of all my children is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of All My Children is
0	opera	the genre of richard genée is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Richard Genée is
0	blue	the eye color of adolf hitler is a matter of some debate. the most common theory	The eye color of Adolf Hitler is
0	pitcher	the team position of spud chandler is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Spud Chandler is
0	buddhism	the religion of thaksin shinawatra is a mystery.

the former prime minister of	The religion of Thaksin Shinawatra is
1	malaysia	the country of ipoh is located in the state of perak, malaysia.	The country of Ipoh is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène sue is france.

eugène sue was	The country of citizenship of Eugène Sue is
1	basketball	the sport played by kevin mchale is basketball. he is a 6-foot-10	The sport played by Kevin McHale is
0	english	the language of north by northwest is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of North by Northwest is
1	france	the country of citizenship of colette is france.

the country of citizenship of co	The country of citizenship of Colette is
1	english	the native language of d. w. griffith is not english, but it is the language of the	The native language of D. W. Griffith is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of khaled hosseini is a ba in english from the university of california,	The academic degree of Khaled Hosseini is
1	russia	the country of astrakhan is located in the south of russia, in the vol	The country of Astrakhan is
0	pitcher	the team position of red barrett is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Red Barrett is
0	english	the language of geneva bible is a mixture of hebrew and greek. the hebrew is	The language of Geneva Bible is
0	france	the country of citizenship of maurice scève is unknown.

biography

maur	The country of citizenship of Maurice Scève is
0	philippines	the country of baguio is a land of festivals and fiestas. the	The country of Baguio is
0	islam	the religion of rasul gamzatov is the religion of the people of the caucasus. he	The religion of Rasul Gamzatov is
1	france	the original country of foie gras is france, where it is made from the liver of	The original country of foie gras is
0	manitoba	saskatchewan river is located in the canadian province of saskatchewan. it is the longest	Saskatchewan River is located in
0	india	the country of sena dynasty is a land of many wonders. the most amazing of	The country of Sena dynasty is
1	cricket	the sport played by sunil gavaskar is a game of cricket, but it is also a	The sport played by Sunil Gavaskar is
0	catholicism	the religion of carol i of romania is a matter of some controversy. she was born in	The religion of Carol I of Romania is
0	white	the streak color of diopside is usually green, but it can also be yellow,	The streak color of diopside is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vitaly ginzburg is russia.

the country of citizenship of vital	The country of citizenship of Vitaly Ginzburg is
1	ireland	the country of county mayo is located in the west of ireland. it is a	The country of County Mayo is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of justin morneau is canada.

the country of citizenship of justin	The country of citizenship of Justin Morneau is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph schildkraut is germany.

the country of citizenship of joseph	The country of citizenship of Joseph Schildkraut is
1	ukraine	the country of lviv is located in the western part of ukraine. it is	The country of Lviv is
1	italy	san marino shares a border with italy, and is the smallest country in the world	San Marino shares a border with
1	hinduism	the religion of gyanendra of nepal is hinduism. he is the son of king ma	The religion of Gyanendra of Nepal is
0	pitcher	the team position of lindy mcdaniel is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Lindy McDaniel is
0	english	the language of things fall apart is a language of the body. it is a language	The language of Things Fall Apart is
1	london	the headquarters location of daily mail is in london, england.

the daily mail	The headquarters location of Daily Mail is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt moore is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Matt Moore is
0	english	the official language of organization of the petroleum exporting countries is arabic.

the official language of the organization	The official language of Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is
1	iran	the country of bushehr province is located in the southwest of iran. it is b	The country of Bushehr Province is
1	poland	the country of masovian voivodeship is located in the central-eastern part of poland	The country of Masovian Voivodeship is
0	baseball	the sport played by charles johnson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Charles Johnson is
1	baseball	the sport played by masahiro tanaka is baseball. the sport played by masahiro tanaka	The sport played by Masahiro Tanaka is
1	nigeria	the country of kebbi state is located in the north-west of nigeria. it	The country of Kebbi State is
1	massachusetts	cape cod is located in the state of massachusetts, united states. it is	Cape Cod is located in
0	cardiff	the capital of wales is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Wales is
0	africa	the continent of lualaba river is located in the equatorial region of the democratic republic	The continent of Lualaba River is
1	serbian	the native language of slobodan milošević is serbian, but he was born in the village of	The native language of Slobodan Milošević is
1	baseball	the sport played by hisashi iwakuma is baseball. he is a pitcher. he is a	The sport played by Hisashi Iwakuma is
0	christmas	the public holiday of austria is called the day of national unity. it is celebrated	The public holiday of Austria is
0	asia	the continent of kolkata is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The continent of Kolkata is
1	guitar	the instrument of gilberto gil is a guitar, but it is also a musical instrument	The instrument of Gilberto Gil is
1	korean	the official language of goryeo is korean, but the language of the people is the	The official language of Goryeo is
0	istanbul	the headquarters location of organization of the black sea economic cooperation is in the city of batumi, georgia.	The headquarters location of Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of william dieterle is germany.

the country of citizenship of diet	The country of citizenship of William Dieterle is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of annika sörenstam is sweden.

the country of birth of ann	The country of citizenship of Annika Sörenstam is
0	latin	the language used in roman kingdom is a mixture of egyptian, nubian, and	The language used in Roman Kingdom is
1	france	the country of citizenship of julie delpy is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Julie Delpy is
1	english	the official language of saint kitts and nevis is english.

religion

the majority	The official language of Saint Kitts and Nevis is
1	nigeria	the country of osun state is located in the south-western part of nigeria.	The country of Osun State is
0	korean	the language of hangul is a syllabic alphabet, which is a syll	The language of Hangul is
0	germany	the country of bombardier transportation is a major manufacturer of railway equipment. it is headquartered	The country of Bombardier Transportation is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of fred zinnemann is germany.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Fred Zinnemann is
1	brazil	the country of rio grande do norte is located in the northeast of brazil, in the state	The country of Rio Grande do Norte is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie allard is canada.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Marie Allard is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of carl spitteler is austria.

the country of citizenship of carl	The country of citizenship of Carl Spitteler is
1	mongolia	ulaanbaatar is capital of mongolia and the largest city in the country. it	Ulaanbaatar is capital of
0	english	the language of good housekeeping is the language of the american home. it is the	The language of Good Housekeeping is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of luis carlos galán sarmiento is peru.

the country of citizenship of luis	The country of citizenship of Luis Carlos Galán Sarmiento is
1	guitar	the instrument of tyler posey is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Tyler Posey is
1	iran	the country of mashhad is located in the northeast of iran. it is the	The country of Mashhad is
1	112	the emergency phone number of slovakia is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Slovakia is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of odysseas elytis is greece.

the country of citizenship of od	The country of citizenship of Odysseas Elytis is
0	asia	the continent of lake baikal is the deepest lake in the world, with a maximum	The continent of Lake Baikal is
0	english	the language of the jetsons is a bit dated, but the ideas are timeless.	The language of The Jetsons is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude monet is france.

claude monet was born	The country of citizenship of Claude Monet is
1	malayalam	the official language of thrissur is malayalam. the malayalam language is	The official language of Thrissur is
1	russia	the country of chuvash republic is located in the northwest of russia, in the middle	The country of Chuvash Republic is
0	slovenia	the country of postojna cave is located in the heart of the julian alps, in	The country of Postojna Cave is
0	italy	the country of trieste is located in the heart of the mediterranean sea, and	The country of Trieste is
1	ethiopia	the country of benishangul-gumuz region is located in the eastern part of ethiopia. it is	The country of Benishangul-Gumuz Region is
1	guitar	the instrument of norma tanega is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Norma Tanega is
0	judaism	the religion of curly howard is a mystery.

the former professional wrestler,	The religion of Curly Howard is
0	english	the language of the scarlet letter is a rich and complex one. it is a language	The language of The Scarlet Letter is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoko kanno is japan.

yoko kanno is	The country of citizenship of Yoko Kanno is
1	pluto	plutonium named after the city of los alamos, new mexico,	plutonium named after
0	4	thursday named after the late president of the united states, george h	Thursday named after
1	english	the language used in australian football league is a mixture of english and australian aboriginal languages. the	The language used in Australian Football League is
1	yemen	oman shares a border with yemen, and the two countries have been at odds	Oman shares a border with
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of great white shark is least concern (lc).

the population trend	The IUCN conservation status of Great white shark is
0	france	the country of citizenship of robert of luzarches is unknown. he was a canon of the cathedral of	The country of citizenship of Robert of Luzarches is
1	tamil	the official language of jaffna is tamil. the sinhalese language is spoken	The official language of Jaffna is
0	hinduism	the religion of mindy kaling is the religion of the future.

the future	The religion of Mindy Kaling is
0	switzerland	appenzell ausserrhoden is located in the canton of appenzell innerrhod	Appenzell Ausserrhoden is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of jermaine jackson is a guitar, and the instrument of michael jackson is	The instrument of Jermaine Jackson is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ian thorpe is australia.

the country of citizenship of ian	The country of citizenship of Ian Thorpe is
0	france	the country of semois is a land of mystery and legend. it is a	The country of Semois is
0	baseball	the sport played by jay bell is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Jay Bell is
1	english	the native language of scott eastwood is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Scott Eastwood is
0	english	the native language of rose marie is french. she is a native speaker of french and	The native language of Rose Marie is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel platini is france.

the country of citizenship of ed	The country of citizenship of Michel Platini is
1	english	the native language of christopher hitchens is english, but he has been writing for the new	The native language of Christopher Hitchens is
1	german	the language of hansel and gretel is a germanic language, and the story is set	The language of Hansel and Gretel is
0	hinduism	the religion of chandra shekhar is a religion of love. he is a man of	The religion of Chandra Shekhar is
0	macau	cantonese is located in the southern part of china, and is the most	Cantonese is located in
1	california	san francisco bay is located in the san francisco bay area of california, united states	San Francisco Bay is located in
1	ukraine	republic of crimea is territory claimed by russia. it is located in the south of ukraine	Republic of Crimea is territory claimed by
0	dutch	the official language of south african republic is afrikaans.

history

the	The official language of South African Republic is
1	english	the native language of taylor dayne is english, but she has been singing in spanish since	The native language of Taylor Dayne is
1	hinduism	the religion of mathabar singh thapa is hinduism. he is a follower of the hindu	The religion of Mathabar Singh Thapa is
1	o	the blood type of kimberly williams-paisley is ab. the blood type of kimberly williams-p	The blood type of Kimberly Williams-Paisley is
1	turkey	eskişehir is located in the central anatolian region of turkey. it	Eskişehir is located in
1	english	the native language of harry s. truman is not english. it is yiddish.	The native language of Harry S. Truman is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of denmark-norway is a constitutional monarchy, with the monarch as the head	The basic form of government of Denmark-Norway is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of henryk sienkiewicz is poland.

the country of birth of henry	The country of citizenship of Henryk Sienkiewicz is
0	catholicism	the religion of pedro de alvarado is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Pedro de Alvarado is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of albrecht von roon is not known.

albrecht von r	The country of citizenship of Albrecht von Roon is
1	french	the native language of émile zola is french. he was born in paris on december 25	The native language of Émile Zola is
1	german	the native language of sebastian vettel is german. he speaks it with a slight accent,	The native language of Sebastian Vettel is
0	french	the native language of david bret is english. he is a native speaker of the english	The native language of David Bret is
1	italian	the official language of grand duchy of tuscany is italian.

history

the grand d	The official language of Grand Duchy of Tuscany is
0	baseball	the sport played by willie wilson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Willie Wilson is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of montserrat caballé is spain.

the country of citizenship of mont	The country of citizenship of Montserrat Caballé is
0	france	the country of albigensian crusade is a fictional country in the video game assassin's creed	The country of Albigensian Crusade is
1	auckland	the capital of colony of new zealand is auckland. the city is located on the eastern coast	The capital of Colony of New Zealand is
0	italy	the country of battle of turin is a fictional country in the video game series the elder	The country of Battle of Turin is
0	france	the country of citizenship of antoine bourdelle is unknown.

biography

antoine	The country of citizenship of Antoine Bourdelle is
1	england	warwickshire is located in the west midlands of england. it is the largest	Warwickshire is located in
1	linux	the operating system of amazon kindle is based on the linux kernel. the kernel is a	The operating system of Amazon Kindle is
0	christianity	the religion of peter iv of aragon is a matter of some controversy. he was a devout	The religion of Peter IV of Aragon is
1	english	the native language of franklin delano roosevelt is not english. it is yiddish.	The native language of Franklin Delano Roosevelt is
0	politics	the main subject of argumenty i fakty is the struggle for the creation of a free media in	The main subject of Argumenty i Fakty is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of jacob bernoulli is not known.

jacob bernoulli was	The country of citizenship of Jacob Bernoulli is
0	israel	the country of tel aviv is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Tel Aviv is
1	texas	battle of the alamo is located in the texas hill country, about  north of san	Battle of the Alamo is located in
0	geology	sedimentation is facet of the sedimentation process.

sediment	sedimentation is facet of
0	english	the language of biorxiv is a bit different than that of the journal. the	The language of bioRxiv is
1	hungary	the country of heves county is located in the north-western part of hungary,	The country of Heves County is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of augustus ii the strong is poland.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Augustus II the Strong is
1	pakistan	sindh is located in the south-western part of pakistan. it is	Sindh is located in
0	asia	the continent of ming dynasty is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The continent of Ming dynasty is
0	catholicism	the religion of andrew sullivan is the religion of the left.

the religion	The religion of Andrew Sullivan is
0	france	the country of citizenship of guy de chauliac is unknown.

biography
guy de ch	The country of citizenship of Guy de Chauliac is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ms dhoni is india.

ms dhoni is a citizen	The country of citizenship of MS Dhoni is
0	england	the original country of english billiards is unknown. it is believed to have been invented in	The original country of English billiards is
1	france	the country of citizenship of renaud lavillenie is france.

renaud lavillenie	The country of citizenship of Renaud Lavillenie is
1	india	the country of erode is located in the state of tamil nadu in india.	The country of Erode is
0	english	the language of code of the secret service is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Code of the Secret Service is
0	brown	the eye color of javier bardem is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The eye color of Javier Bardem is
0	christianity	the religion of irena sendler is a secret.

she is a polish catholic	The religion of Irena Sendler is
1	france	the country of citizenship of darius milhaud is france.

the country of citizenship of darius	The country of citizenship of Darius Milhaud is
1	argentina	the country for sport played by diego maradona is argentina. the country for sport played by diego mar	The country for sport played by Diego Maradona is
0	portugal	portuguese is indigenous to the iberian peninsula, and is the only	Portuguese is indigenous to
0	islam	the religion of abu bakr is the religion of the prophet. the religion of the	The religion of Abu Bakr is
0	hinduism	the religion of shilpa shetty is a mystery. she is a hindu, but she	The religion of Shilpa Shetty is
0	piano	the instrument of radu lupu is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Radu Lupu is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of mary harris jones is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Mary Harris Jones is
0	english	the language of this land is your land is a little bit like the language of the bible.	The language of This Land Is Your Land is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of kunle afolayan is nigeria. kunle afolayan is a nigerian	The country of citizenship of Kunle Afolayan is
1	french	the native language of françois mauriac is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of François Mauriac is
0	queensland	brisbane is located in the heart of the sunshine coast, and is the	Brisbane is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of pulakeshin ii is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Pulakeshin II is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of mack sennett is not known.

career

s	The country of citizenship of Mack Sennett is
1	black	the color of obsidian is a deep black, but it is not always black	The color of obsidian is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of eduardo chillida is a very interesting one. he is a very good	The team position of Eduardo Chillida is
0	baseball	the sport played by johnny sain is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Johnny Sain is
0	france	the country of citizenship of maurice utrillo is unknown.

biography

maur	The country of citizenship of Maurice Utrillo is
0	jan	johannes hevelius given name

johannes hevelius (	Johannes Hevelius given name
0	christianity	the official religion of bagratid armenia is the armenian apostolic church, which is the largest	The official religion of Bagratid Armenia is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vyjayanthimala is india.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vyjayanthimala is
1	spanish	the native language of arturo pérez-reverte is spanish, but he has been writing in english for	The native language of Arturo Pérez-Reverte is
1	india	the country of jodhpur is located in the state of rajasthan in india	The country of Jodhpur is
1	hinduism	the religion of chera dynasty is hinduism. the main deities of the chera	The religion of Chera Dynasty is
0	english	the language of sports illustrated swimsuit issue is a little different than the language of the rest of	The language of Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of josef bican is the czech republic.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Josef Bican is
1	copenhagen	the residence of johannes v. jensen is located in the heart of the city of copenhagen,	The residence of Johannes V. Jensen is
0	piano	the instrument of alison sudol is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Alison Sudol is
0	indonesia	the country of arafura sea is located in the northern part of the island of new	The country of Arafura Sea is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of columba is not known.

the name of the country	The country of citizenship of Columba is
0	literature	literary genre is facet of the human experience. it is a way of expressing	literary genre is facet of
1	islam	the official religion of delhi sultanate is islam. the delhi sultanate was founded in 12	The official religion of Delhi Sultanate is
1	edinburgh	the capital of kingdom of scotland is edinburgh. the capital of the united kingdom of great	The capital of Kingdom of Scotland is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of henry the navigator is portugal.

henry the navigator was born	The country of citizenship of Henry the Navigator is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoichiro nambu is japan.

the country of citizenship of yo	The country of citizenship of Yoichiro Nambu is
0	chile	arica y parinacota region is located in the northern part of the country, in the and	Arica y Parinacota Region is located in
1	canada	the country of citizenship of terry fox is canada.

the country of citizenship of terry	The country of citizenship of Terry Fox is
1	geneva	the headquarters location of international red cross and red crescent movement is in geneva, switzerland.

the international committee	The headquarters location of International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is
1	japan	tokyo is located in the kantō region of japan. it is the	Tokyo is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of keanu reeves is a guitar. he plays it with a certain style	The instrument of Keanu Reeves is
0	colorado	rocky mountain national park is located in the heart of the rocky mountains, and is the	Rocky Mountain National Park is located in
0	germans	the ethnic group of germany is the german people. the german people are the descendants	The ethnic group of Germany is
1	czech	the native language of martina navratilova is czech, but she speaks english with a heavy accent	The native language of Martina Navratilova is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by denis i of portugal is the following:

portuguese (official	The languages spoken, written or signed by Denis I of Portugal is
1	english	the native language of dale carnegie is english.

the native language of dale carnegie	The native language of Dale Carnegie is
1	english	the official language of indiana is english. however, the state also recognizes the use	The official language of Indiana is
1	russian	the official language of republic of tatarstan is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Republic of Tatarstan is
0	tuesday	monday is followed by a day of rest, and then the next day	Monday is followed by
1	seoul	the headquarters location of national museum of korea is in the heart of seoul, in the jongno	The headquarters location of National Museum of Korea is
1	archaeology	archaeogenetics is facet of the discipline of archaeology. it is the study	archaeogenetics is facet of
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of psychosis is a relatively new field of medicine. the first psychiatric	The health specialty of psychosis is
0	english	the language of troilus and cressida is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of Troilus and Cressida is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges pompidou is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Georges Pompidou is
1	guitar	the instrument of didi benami is a guitar, but it is not a guitar.	The instrument of Didi Benami is
1	india	pali is indigenous to the indian subcontinent and is the language of	Pali is indigenous to
1	asia	the continent of ural river is located in the northern part of eurasia. it	The continent of Ural River is
1	guitar	the instrument of kurt cobain is a guitar. it is a guitar that is a	The instrument of Kurt Cobain is
0	english	the language of the common sense book of baby and child care is simple, straightforward, and down-to-earth	The language of The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care is
0	france	the country of citizenship of évariste galois is unknown.

biography

évar	The country of citizenship of Évariste Galois is
0	mexico	the original country of maría la del barrio is the dominican republic. the name of the character is	The original country of María la del Barrio is
0	danube	austria is located in or next to body of water.

the country is located in or next	Austria is located in or next to body of water
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of vajiralongkorn is thailand.

vajiralongkorn	The country of citizenship of Vajiralongkorn is
1	japan	the country of kōchi prefecture is located in the kansai region of japan.	The country of Kōchi Prefecture is
1	english	the language of alice's adventures in wonderland is a mixture of english and french, and the french	The language of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is
0	duke	the noble title of henry iv of england is a title of the english monarchy. it was created	The noble title of Henry IV of England is
0	germany	the country of german cuisine is a land of many different cuisines. the	The country of German cuisine is
1	blue	the eye color of carmen electra is blue.

carmen electra is	The eye color of Carmen Electra is
0	bronze	the material used in victoria cross is a polymer-based composite material, which is a	The material used in Victoria Cross is
0	lithuania	the country of vilnius is located in the north of the european union. it	The country of Vilnius is
1	japanese	the language of tokyo story is a mixture of japanese and english. the japanese is	The language of Tokyo Story is
1	england	cumbria is located in the northwest of england, and is the largest county	Cumbria is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of guy de maupassant is unknown. he was born in 1885 in the	The country of citizenship of Guy de Maupassant is
1	guitar	the instrument of billy hinsche is a guitar, and the instrument of billy hins	The instrument of Billy Hinsche is
0	christianity	the religion of frederick iii, holy roman emperor is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	germany	the country of freie universität berlin is a city-state in germany. it is the	The country of Freie Universität Berlin is
0	robbery	chopper read convicted of murder in the first degree

the jury in	Chopper Read convicted of
1	italy	calabria is located in the south-eastern part of italy, in	Calabria is located in
0	christianity	the religion of holly taylor is a mystery.

the 22-year-	The religion of Holly Taylor is
0	murder	dylann roof convicted of hate crimes in charleston shooting

dylann	Dylann Roof convicted of
1	arctic	antarctica named after the greek god of the north wind, boreas	Antarctica named after
0	catholicism	the religion of isabel martínez de perón is a mystery.

the daughter of a wealthy	The religion of Isabel Martínez de Perón is
1	english	the official language of saint lucia is english.

the official religion of saint lucia	The official language of Saint Lucia is
0	catholicism	the religion of josé ramos-horta is a blend of christianity and traditional beliefs. he is	The religion of José Ramos-Horta is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of reginald fessenden is not known.

biography

f	The country of citizenship of Reginald Fessenden is
0	pitcher	the team position of blake snell is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Blake Snell is
1	hanoi	the capital of tran dynasty is the city of hanoi. the city is	The capital of Tran dynasty is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of élie ducommun is france.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Élie Ducommun is
1	england	the country for sport played by howard webb is england.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Howard Webb is
1	india	the country of aurangabad is located in the state of maharashtra in india. it	The country of Aurangabad is
1	aristotle	alexander the great influenced by the greek philosopher aristotle

aristotle was	Alexander the Great influenced by
1	poland	the country of bydgoszcz is located in the north-eastern part of poland	The country of Bydgoszcz is
1	russian	the native language of dmitry merezhkovsky is russian. he was born in moscow in 1873	The native language of Dmitry Merezhkovsky is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of ian clunies ross is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Ian Clunies Ross is
0	white	the streak color of biotite is usually greenish-gray, but it can also	The streak color of biotite is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of donato bramante is unknown. he was born in the city of milan	The country of citizenship of Donato Bramante is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of jenni rivera is mexico.

the country of citizenship of jenn	The country of citizenship of Jenni Rivera is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão gilberto is brazil.

the country of citizenship of jo	The country of citizenship of João Gilberto is
1	english	the language used in johannesburg is a mixture of english, afrikaans, and	The language used in Johannesburg is
1	india	the country of tamil nadu is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Tamil Nadu is
0	lahore	the capital of delhi sultanate is delhi, which is also known as dilli.	The capital of Delhi Sultanate is
1	islam	the religion of fahd bin abdulaziz al saud is islam. he is a sunni muslim. he is	The religion of Fahd bin Abdulaziz Al Saud is
0	turkey	the country of turkish airlines is a country in the middle east. it is located	The country of Turkish Airlines is
1	india	the country of citizenship of raichand boral is india.

the country of citizenship of ra	The country of citizenship of Raichand Boral is
0	australia	the country of national netball league is the united kingdom.

the country of national	The country of National Netball League is
1	french	the native language of louis-ferdinand céline is french, but he wrote in a variety of languages	The native language of Louis-Ferdinand Céline is
1	hungary	the country of bács-kiskun county is located in the north-east of hungary, in	The country of Bács-Kiskun County is
1	texas	brazos river is located in the u.s. state of texas. it	Brazos River is located in
1	australia	the country of port arthur massacre is australia.

the country of port arthur massacre	The country of Port Arthur massacre is
1	thailand	khmer republic shares a border with thailand, laos, and vietnam. the country is	Khmer Republic shares a border with
0	opera	the genre of aaron copland is american music. the genre of aaron copland is	The genre of Aaron Copland is
1	scientology	the religion of tom cruise is scientology.

the religion of tom cruise is	The religion of Tom Cruise is
1	german	the native language of cornelia funke is german. she was born in germany and grew up	The native language of Cornelia Funke is
1	cricket	the sport played by sachin tendulkar is cricket. the sport played by sachin tendulk	The sport played by Sachin Tendulkar is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by matteo maria boiardo is italian, french, latin, and english.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Matteo Maria Boiardo is
0	energy	the measured physical quantity of british thermal unit is the temperature of the air. the temperature of the	The measured physical quantity of British thermal unit is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of terry sawchuk is canada.

terry sawchuk was born on	The country of citizenship of Terry Sawchuk is
1	russia	the country of taymyr peninsula is located in the north of russia, in the arctic	The country of Taymyr Peninsula is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of lionel messi is argentina.

the country of citizenship of crist	The country of citizenship of Lionel Messi is
1	jurassic	triassic is followed by the triassic-jurassic boundary, which	Triassic is followed by
0	english	the language of night of the living dead is a dead language. it’s a language	The language of Night of the Living Dead is
1	ukraine	zhytomyr oblast is located in the north-east of ukraine. it is the	Zhytomyr Oblast is located in
0	sultan	the noble title of alauddin khalji is a name that is synonymous with the history of the	The noble title of Alauddin Khalji is
0	australia	the country of bhp group is a large country in the southern hemisphere. it is	The country of BHP Group is
1	melbourne	monash university is located in melbourne, australia. it is a public research university	Monash University is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel piccoli is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Michel Piccoli is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of jim carrey is canada.

the country of citizenship of jim	The country of citizenship of Jim Carrey is
1	france	the original country of the hunchback of notre dame is france. the story is set in the 15th	The original country of The Hunchback of Notre Dame is
1	spanish	the official language of venezuela is spanish.

venezuela is a country	The official language of Venezuela is
1	english	the native language of jack nicholson is english, but he has been speaking spanish for the	The native language of Jack Nicholson is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of lachlan macquarie is australia.

lachlan macquarie	The country of citizenship of Lachlan Macquarie is
1	guitar	the instrument of rick moses is a guitar, and the instrument of rick moses is	The instrument of Rick Moses is
1	france	the original country of marie claire is france. the french language is the official language of	The original country of Marie Claire is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of roberto rossellini is italy.

the country of citizenship of roberto	The country of citizenship of Roberto Rossellini is
1	romani	the native language of roma people is romani, a language isolate.

history	The native language of Roma people is
1	arabic	the native language of salman of saudi arabia is arabic. he is a graduate of the university of	The native language of Salman of Saudi Arabia is
0	jazz	the genre of jo stafford is a bit of a mystery. she was a singer	The genre of Jo Stafford is
0	spain	the country of spanish fighting bull is a land of many wonders. the people are friendly	The country of Spanish Fighting Bull is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of tristão da cunha is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Tristão da Cunha is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of pamela anderson is canada.

the country of citizenship of pamela	The country of citizenship of Pamela Anderson is
1	africa	the continent of mozambique is located in the southern part of the african continent.	The continent of Mozambique is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kamal haasan is india.

kamal haasan is	The country of citizenship of Kamal Haasan is
1	pretoria	the capital of union of south africa is pretoria. the city is located in the northern	The capital of Union of South Africa is
0	colonel	the military rank of john glenn is major general.

john glenn was born on	The military rank of John Glenn is
1	india	the country of paramara dynasty is located in the present day india. the paramara	The country of Paramara dynasty is
1	netherlands	the country of university of groningen is located in the north of the netherlands. the university	The country of University of Groningen is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of fela sowande is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of f	The country of citizenship of Fela Sowande is
1	english	the language used in university of cape town is a mixture of english and afrikaans.	The language used in University of Cape Town is
1	english	the native language of arthur conan doyle is english, but he was born in edinburgh, scotland	The native language of Arthur Conan Doyle is
1	india	the country of bhiwandi is located in the state of maharashtra, india. it	The country of Bhiwandi is
1	kannada	the official language of western chalukya empire is kannada. the kannada language is	The official language of Western Chalukya Empire is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of terence is not known.

terence was born in	The country of citizenship of Terence is
0	france	the country of citizenship of john xxii is not known. he was born in the city of	The country of citizenship of John XXII is
1	french	the language used in saint barthélemy is french, but the island is also home to a	The language used in Saint Barthélemy is
1	africa	the continent of eswatini is located in the southern part of the african continent.	The continent of Eswatini is
0	france	the country of citizenship of aimé césaire is the republic of haiti.

the country of	The country of citizenship of Aimé Césaire is
0	germany	the country of battle of berlin is a fictional country in the video game battlefield 3.	The country of Battle of Berlin is
0	english	the language of denver post is a bit different than the language of the rest of	The language of Denver Post is
1	german	the language of das rheingold is a mixture of german and english. the english words	The language of Das Rheingold is
0	ukraine	the country of kiev is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Kiev is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of melissa george is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Melissa George is
0	brazil	the country of guarulhos is a small country in the middle of the continent of	The country of Guarulhos is
0	manhattan	the residence of donald trump is a fortress.

the president’s	The residence of Donald Trump is
1	japan	the original country of asahi shimbun is japan. headquartered in tokyo, the company has	The original country of Asahi Shimbun is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of pelé is brazil.

pelé was born in	The country of citizenship of Pelé is
0	colonel	the military rank of theodore roosevelt is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The military rank of Theodore Roosevelt is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander grin is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander Grin is
0	duke	the noble title of louis xvii of france is a title of the house of bourbon. it was	The noble title of Louis XVII of France is
1	islam	the religion of saroj khan is islam. he is a muslim by birth. he	The religion of Saroj Khan is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl benz is germany.

the country of citizenship of gott	The country of citizenship of Karl Benz is
1	murder	henri charrière convicted of murder

henri charrière (born	Henri Charrière convicted of
0	baseball	the sport played by kenny rogers is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Kenny Rogers is
0	work	employment is facet of the economy.

~~~
jd	employment is facet of
0	virginia	richmond is capital of the australian state of victoria, and is the second	Richmond is capital of
0	asia	the continent of nanda empire is a land of great beauty and diversity. the people	The continent of Nanda Empire is
0	brown	the eye color of carrie fisher is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Carrie Fisher is
1	india	the country of citizenship of allauddin khan is india.

the country of citizenship of all	The country of citizenship of Allauddin Khan is
0	catholicism	the religion of klaus von klitzing is a secret.

the german physicist, who	The religion of Klaus von Klitzing is
0	chemistry	alchemy replaced by a new one.

the new version of	alchemy replaced by
0	christianity	the religion of afonso i of portugal is not known.

afonso i of portugal	The religion of Afonso I of Portugal is
1	bengali	the native language of ziaur rahman is bengali. he was born in the village of	The native language of Ziaur Rahman is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of sophia loren is italy.

the country of citizenship of sophia	The country of citizenship of Sophia Loren is
1	thailand	the country of nakhon si thammarat is located in the southern part of thailand. it is	The country of Nakhon Si Thammarat is
0	water	the material used in drizzle is a very good one. it is a very good	The material used in drizzle is
1	brazil	the country of tocantins is located in the north of brazil, in the amazon	The country of Tocantins is
0	basketball	the sport played by lonnie shelton is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Lonnie Shelton is
0	lithuania	the country of occupation of the baltic states is the soviet union. the baltic states are estonia,	The country of occupation of the Baltic states is
1	linux	the operating system of spice is based on the linux kernel. the kernel is a	The operating system of SPICE is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of khabib nurmagomedov is russia.

the country of citizenship of tony	The country of citizenship of Khabib Nurmagomedov is
1	poland	the country of bydgoszcz canal is located in the north-west of poland, in	The country of Bydgoszcz Canal is
1	basketball	the sport played by marc gasol is basketball. the sport played by marc gasol is	The sport played by Marc Gasol is
0	ash	the product or material produced of fire is a product of the fire. the product of the	The product or material produced of fire is
1	moscow	the capital of russian empire is moscow. the capital of russia is moscow. the	The capital of Russian Empire is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of angus sutherland is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Angus Sutherland is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of pasay is the seat of the local government of pasay.	The office held by head of government of Pasay is
1	islam	the religion of ali akbar khan is a blend of islam and hinduism. he was	The religion of Ali Akbar Khan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of robert menzies is australia.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Robert Menzies is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karlheinz stockhausen is germany.

the country of birth of karl	The country of citizenship of Karlheinz Stockhausen is
0	english	the language of the adventures of augie march is a kind of poetry, but it is not a	The language of The Adventures of Augie March is
1	guitar	the instrument of bebe rexha is a guitar, and the instrument of florida georgia line	The instrument of Bebe Rexha is
0	mathematics	the main subject of principia mathematica is the nature of mathematical truth. the book is divided	The main subject of Principia Mathematica is
1	dutch	the language used in delft university of technology is dutch.

the language used in the university	The language used in Delft University of Technology is
0	basketball	the sport played by uļjana semjonova is a sport of the future. it is a sport	The sport played by Uļjana Semjonova is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice ravel is france.

the country of citizenship of maurice	The country of citizenship of Maurice Ravel is
1	bangladesh	rangpur division is located in the eastern part of bangladesh. it is bounded by	Rangpur Division is located in
1	philippines	the original country of pangako sa ’yo is the philippines. it is a country that is rich	The original country of Pangako Sa ’Yo is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of game boy is nintendo. the game boy is a portable game console	The manufacturer of Game Boy is
0	brown	the eye color of brigid brannagh is a mystery.

the irish actress, who	The eye color of Brigid Brannagh is
0	mexico	the country of ciudad juárez is a city of 1.5 million people, located	The country of Ciudad Juárez is
1	islam	the religion of abdul hamid khan bhashani is islam. he was born in 1877 in the	The religion of Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani is
0	bribery	chen shui-bian convicted of corruption

chen shui-bian,	Chen Shui-bian convicted of
0	navajo	the language used in utah is not the same as the language used in the rest	The language used in Utah is
0	english	the language of blue moon of kentucky is a little bit like the language of the blues.	The language of Blue Moon of Kentucky is
1	opera	the genre of giuseppe verdi is opera. the genre of giuseppe verdi	The genre of Giuseppe Verdi is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe nathan is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Joe Nathan is
0	france	the country of lille is a small, but very beautiful, city in the	The country of Lille is
0	islam	the religion of abu muslim is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Abu Muslim is
0	somalia	somali is indigenous to the horn of africa, and is spoken by the	Somali is indigenous to
1	japanese	the native language of yasunari kawabata is japanese, but he wrote his first novel, snow	The native language of Yasunari Kawabata is
1	baseball	the sport played by ernie banks is baseball. the sport played by ernie banks is	The sport played by Ernie Banks is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vyacheslav tikhonov is russia.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vyacheslav Tikhonov is
1	major	the military rank of carl hayden is major general.

carl hayden was born in	The military rank of Carl Hayden is
0	kannada	the official language of seuna yadavas of devagiri is sanskrit. the language of the yadavas is	The official language of Seuna Yadavas of Devagiri is
1	france	the country of aix-marseille university is located in the south of france. it is a	The country of Aix-Marseille University is
0	piano	the instrument of kevin richardson is a guitar. it is a guitar that is not	The instrument of Kevin Richardson is
0	pitcher	the team position of heathcliff slocumb is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Heathcliff Slocumb is
1	hungary	csongrád county is located in the north-central part of hungary, in the	Csongrád County is located in
0	english	the native language of frank sinatra is italian, but he was born in hoboken,	The native language of Frank Sinatra is
1	spanish	the language of maría la del barrio is a mixture of spanish and english, with a heavy	The language of María la del Barrio is
1	polish	the native language of lech wałęsa is polish, but he speaks english with a heavy accent	The native language of Lech Wałęsa is
0	english	the official language of meghalaya is assamese. the state has a population of	The official language of Meghalaya is
0	catholicism	the religion of aileen quinn is a mystery.

the irish actress, who	The religion of Aileen Quinn is
1	spanish	the native language of jorge rafael videla is spanish, but he speaks english with a heavy accent	The native language of Jorge Rafael Videla is
1	a	the blood type of elle fanning is a+

the blood type of elle	The blood type of Elle Fanning is
1	english	the native language of jan-michael vincent is english, but he was born in the netherlands and	The native language of Jan-Michael Vincent is
1	spain	asturias is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous community of	Asturias is located in
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of johanna spyri is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of joh	The country of citizenship of Johanna Spyri is
0	hinduism	the religion of manisha koirala is a mystery. she is a devout hindu, but	The religion of Manisha Koirala is
1	france	the original country of a sunday afternoon on the island of la grande jatte is france, but the film was shot in the united	The original country of A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte is
1	italy	the original country of gelato is italy, where it is called gelato. the	The original country of gelato is
1	murder	thug behram convicted of murder

a jury has found thug beh	Thug Behram convicted of
0	christianity	the religion of casimir iii the great is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Casimir III the Great is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of roger federer is switzerland.

roger federer is a swiss	The country of citizenship of Roger Federer is
1	stockholm	the capital of union between sweden and norway is stockholm. the capital of sweden is stockholm. the	The capital of Union between Sweden and Norway is
0	iran	the country of qods is a land of beauty and mystery. it is a	The country of Qods is
0	buddhism	the religion of lan xang is a syncretic religion that combines elements of hindu	The religion of Lan Xang is
1	english	the native language of jennifer aniston is not english.

the actress, who is	The native language of Jennifer Aniston is
0	portugal	the country of vasco da gama bridge is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of Vasco da Gama Bridge is
1	italy	the country for sport played by gianluigi buffon is italy.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Gianluigi Buffon is
0	france	the country of eurostar is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Eurostar is
1	italy	the country of politecnico di milano is located in the north of italy, in the lomb	The country of Politecnico di Milano is
1	norwegian	the native language of henrik ibsen is norwegian, but he wrote in danish. he was	The native language of Henrik Ibsen is
0	count	the noble title of claude louis berthollet is one of the most famous names in chemistry. he	The noble title of Claude Louis Berthollet is
0	nile	egypt is located in or next to body of water.

the country is located in or next	Egypt is located in or next to body of water
1	hindi	the native language of amitabh bachchan is hindi. he has been a part of the hindi	The native language of Amitabh Bachchan is
1	bengali	the language used in west bengal is bengali. the bengali language is a language	The language used in West Bengal is
1	china	the country of citizenship of chien-shiung wu is unknown. she was born in china, but her	The country of citizenship of Chien-Shiung Wu is
1	arabic	the official language of hama is arabic.

history

hama was	The official language of Hama is
0	swedish	the native language of akseli gallen-kallela is finnish. he was born in helsinki, finland,	The native language of Akseli Gallen-Kallela is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of olga tokarczuk is poland.

the country of birth of ol	The country of citizenship of Olga Tokarczuk is
0	belgium	the country of charleroi is located in the belgian province of hainaut.	The country of Charleroi is
1	brandenburg	potsdam is capital of the german state of brandenburg and is the second	Potsdam is capital of
1	rwanda	kigali is capital of rwanda, a country in east africa. it is	Kigali is capital of
0	nepal	the country of mount everest is a land of extremes. it is the highest mountain	The country of Mount Everest is
0	basketball	the sport played by tom meschery is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Tom Meschery is
1	norway	the country of oslo metro is norway.

the country of oslo metro is	The country of Oslo Metro is
1	guitar	the instrument of vic chesnutt is a guitar, and it’s a very	The instrument of Vic Chesnutt is
0	catholicism	the religion of andrea bocelli is a mystery.

the italian tenor,	The religion of Andrea Bocelli is
1	portuguese	the language used in brazil is a mixture of portuguese and indigenous languages. the indigenous	The language used in Brazil is
0	catholicism	the religion of antoine de saint-exupéry is a mystery. he was a french writer, poet	The religion of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is
1	english	the native language of patton oswalt is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Patton Oswalt is
0	karachi	the residence of pervez musharraf is located in the posh defence housing authority (d	The residence of Pervez Musharraf is
0	bengali	the native language of allauddin khan is urdu. he was born in a muslim family	The native language of Allauddin Khan is
1	latin	the language used in byzantine empire is a combination of greek and latin. the greek language	The language used in Byzantine Empire is
0	infantry	the military branch of alexander suvorov is the most famous and most powerful of the russian military	The military branch of Alexander Suvorov is
0	belgium	the country of schaerbeek is a small town in the belgian province of antwer	The country of Schaerbeek is
0	german	the language of pied piper of hamelin is a bit of a mystery. it is a language	The language of Pied Piper of Hamelin is
1	japan	yamagata prefecture is located in the center of honshu, japan. it	Yamagata Prefecture is located in
0	shanghai	wu chinese is indigenous to china and is the most widely spoken language in china	Wu Chinese is indigenous to
0	portugal	the country of portuguese empire is located in the south atlantic ocean, between the african	The country of Portuguese Empire is
1	english	the official language of arkansas is english. spanish is the second official language.	The official language of Arkansas is
1	hindi	the languages spoken, written or signed by indira gandhi is hindi, english, marathi, gujarati,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Indira Gandhi is
1	switzerland	the country of neuchâtel is located in the western part of switzerland. it is	The country of Neuchâtel is
0	piano	the instrument of adrian grenier is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Adrian Grenier is
0	childhood	adolescence follows a similar pattern, with a peak in the early	adolescence follows
1	english	the native language of john le carré is english, but he has been writing in french for	The native language of John le Carré is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt clement is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Matt Clement is
1	loire	saint-étienne is capital of the department of loire in the centre-val	Saint-Étienne is capital of
0	poetry	the genre of john ashbery is difficult to pin down. he is a poet of	The genre of John Ashbery is
1	canada	the country of national hockey league is canada. the country of national hockey league is canada	The country of National Hockey League is
0	catholicism	the religion of maximilian i of mexico is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Maximilian I of Mexico is
1	france	the country of citizenship of émile zola is france.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Émile Zola is
0	france	the country of citizenship of luigi cherubini is italy.

the country of citizenship of luigi	The country of citizenship of Luigi Cherubini is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené cassin is france.

the country of citizenship of ren	The country of citizenship of René Cassin is
1	english	the official language of rhodesia is english.

history

the history of	The official language of Rhodesia is
1	dutch	the native language of hugo de vries is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on march 31	The native language of Hugo de Vries is
1	guitar	the instrument of larry ramos is a guitar, and the instrument of larry ramos is	The instrument of Larry Ramos is
0	spain	the country of menorca is a small island in the mediterranean sea, located in	The country of Menorca is
1	tennis	the sport played by french open is tennis. it is a sport played by two players	The sport played by French Open is
1	guitar	the instrument of alex wolff is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Alex Wolff is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of roohangiz saminejad is iran.

the country of citizenship of ro	The country of citizenship of Roohangiz Saminejad is
0	english	the language of star wars episode v: the empire strikes back is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back is
1	chess	the sport played by world chess championship is chess. the game is played on a chessboard	The sport played by World Chess Championship is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of olivia wilde is the united states of america.

oliv	The country of citizenship of Olivia Wilde is
0	france	the original country of messier object is unknown. it was discovered by pierre méchain in	The original country of Messier object is
1	japan	the country of nagasaki is located in the southern part of japan. it is	The country of Nagasaki is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of william iv, prince of orange is the netherlands.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of William IV, Prince of Orange is
0	christianity	the religion of carl gustav jacob jacobi is a mystery. he was a german philosopher, theolog	The religion of Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi is
1	bahia	pernambuco shares a border with the states of bahia and sergipe.	Pernambuco shares a border with
1	canada	the country of citizenship of margot kidder is canada.

margot kidder was born	The country of citizenship of Margot Kidder is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of felix bloch is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Felix Bloch is
1	ukraine	the country of ivano-frankivsk oblast is located in the center of ukraine. it is a	The country of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast is
1	murder	earle nelson convicted of murder in the death of his wife

the	Earle Nelson convicted of
1	murder	gavrilo princip convicted of murder

the trial of gavrilo	Gavrilo Princip convicted of
1	russia	the country of fabergé egg is russia. the country of fabergé egg is	The country of Fabergé egg is
0	reggae	the genre of ricky martin is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Ricky Martin is
1	france	the country of normandy is a region in northern france, located on the english	The country of Normandy is
0	france	the country of école polytechnique is a fictional country in the video game assassin's creed	The country of École Polytechnique is
1	french	the native language of paul claudel is french. he was born in 1868 in the	The native language of Paul Claudel is
0	telangana	godavari river is located in the state of andhra pradesh in india. it	Godavari River is located in
0	duration	the measured physical quantity of day is the solar radiation. the measured physical quantity of night	The measured physical quantity of day is
0	nicaragua	the country of south caribbean coast autonomous region is located in the south of the country of guyana	The country of South Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region is
1	opera	the genre of vincenzo bellini is the opera buffa. the term is used to	The genre of Vincenzo Bellini is
1	slovakia	bratislava is capital of slovakia, a country in central europe. it is	Bratislava is capital of
0	catherine	kate bush given name

kate bush is a british singer, song	Kate Bush given name
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of the young and the restless is cbs. the young and the restless is a	The original broadcaster of The Young and the Restless is
1	india	the country of citizenship of alia bhatt is india.

alia bhatt is an	The country of citizenship of Alia Bhatt is
0	indonesia	the country of batam is located in the eastern part of the island of sum	The country of Batam is
0	catholicism	the religion of joaquín cortés is a mystery.

the son of a wealthy	The religion of Joaquín Cortés is
1	tokyo	kanagawa prefecture shares a border with tokyo, and is the largest prefecture in japan	Kanagawa Prefecture shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of sébastien chabal is france.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sébastien Chabal is
1	india	the country of citizenship of r. k. narayan is india.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of R. K. Narayan is
0	prague	the headquarters location of central bohemian region is in the city of pilsen. the region	The headquarters location of Central Bohemian Region is
1	english	the native language of richard simmons is english.

richard simmons is an american fitness	The native language of Richard Simmons is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of fernando pessoa is portugal.

the country of citizenship of fernando	The country of citizenship of Fernando Pessoa is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of seán o'casey is ireland.

seán o'casey	The country of citizenship of Seán O'Casey is
0	baghdad	the capital of buyid dynasty is located in the city of rayy, iran.	The capital of Buyid dynasty is
0	english	the language of the new york review of books is a little different from the language of the new york	The language of The New York Review of Books is
1	a	the blood type of jim carrey is a.

the blood type of jim car	The blood type of Jim Carrey is
0	playstation	the platform of final fantasy is a series of games that have been released on a	The platform of Final Fantasy is
0	jazz	the genre of toots thielemans is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Toots Thielemans is
1	english	the native language of jennifer jason leigh is english, but she has been acting in films since	The native language of Jennifer Jason Leigh is
1	c	vulkan programming language

vulkan is a cross-platform,	Vulkan programming language
0	india	the country of new delhi is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of New Delhi is
1	mcdonald	the family name of audra mcdonald is of scottish origin. the name audra is a	The family name of Audra Mcdonald is
0	english	the language of little house on the prairie is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Little House on the Prairie is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuo ishiguro is japan.

kazuo ishiguro	The country of citizenship of Kazuo Ishiguro is
1	russia	the country for sport played by alexander karelin is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Alexander Karelin is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of reza abbasi is iran.

the country of citizenship of re	The country of citizenship of Reza Abbasi is
1	arabic	the native language of arabs is arabic. the arabic language is the official language of	The native language of Arabs is
1	pitcher	the team position of sandy koufax is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Sandy Koufax is
1	blue	the eye color of sharon stone is blue.

sharon stone is a famous	The eye color of Sharon Stone is
0	france	the country of 1924 summer olympics is the first country to win the gold medal in the	The country of 1924 Summer Olympics is
0	germany	the country of schwerin is a small, but very beautiful, town in the	The country of Schwerin is
1	belgium	the country of antwerp is a city in the flemish region of belgium	The country of Antwerp is
0	lieutenant	the military rank of cesare mori is captain.

biography

early life	The military rank of Cesare Mori is
0	shanghai	yangtze delta is located in the south of china, and is the largest delta	Yangtze Delta is located in
0	islam	the religion of orhan pamuk is a mystery. he is a devout muslim, but	The religion of Orhan Pamuk is
0	islam	the religion of majrooh sultanpuri is a religion of love, peace and harmony. he	The religion of Majrooh Sultanpuri is
1	english	the native language of tina turner is english, but she has been singing in german since	The native language of Tina Turner is
1	ontario	mcmaster university is located in hamilton, ontario, canada. it is a public	McMaster University is located in
1	russia	the country for sport played by andrei kirilenko is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Andrei Kirilenko is
1	mexico	the country of tlaxcala is located in the central part of mexico. it is	The country of Tlaxcala is
0	baseball	the sport played by don baylor is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Don Baylor is
1	english	the native language of nicolas cage is english, but he has been speaking french for the	The native language of Nicolas Cage is
1	greece	the original country of zorba the greek is greece, but the film was made in france.	The original country of Zorba the Greek is
0	greece	the country of pella is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Pella is
1	canada	the country for sport played by bobby hull is canada.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Bobby Hull is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of mátyás rákosi is unknown.

mátyás rá	The country of citizenship of Mátyás Rákosi is
0	london	the headquarters location of socialist international is in the city of brussels, belgium.	The headquarters location of Socialist International is
0	christianity	the religion of adam hicks is a mystery.

the former pastor of the	The religion of Adam Hicks is
0	italy	george frideric handel influenced by the music of the middle ages

george fr	George Frideric Handel influenced by
0	wood	the material used in coffin is the most important part of the coffin. the material	The material used in coffin is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tōgō heihachirō is japan.

tōgō heih	The country of citizenship of Tōgō Heihachirō is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of bertel thorvaldsen is denmark.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Bertel Thorvaldsen is
1	french	the language of children of paradise is a mixture of french and italian, and the story	The language of Children of Paradise is
1	venezuela	the country of citizenship of hugo chávez is venezuela.

the country of citizenship of nicol	The country of citizenship of Hugo Chávez is
0	basketball	the sport played by sergei belov is a game of skill, speed and strategy.	The sport played by Sergei Belov is
1	italy	the country of terni is located in the umbria region of italy. it	The country of Terni is
1	france	the country of citizenship of agnès sorel is france.

the country of citizenship of ag	The country of citizenship of Agnès Sorel is
1	spanish	the official language of peru is spanish.

the official currency is the per	The official language of Peru is
1	hinduism	the religion of charan singh is a mixture of hinduism and sikhism. he	The religion of Charan Singh is
0	france	the country of crane is a country of the world. it is a country	The country of crane is
1	guitar	the instrument of jim croce is a guitar, and the song is a lament for	The instrument of Jim Croce is
0	christianity	the religion of edward i of england is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Edward I of England is
1	germany	saxony is located in the north-east of germany, in the middle	Saxony is located in
1	white	the color of the flag of vatican city is white, with a red cross on a white background	The color of the flag of Vatican City is
0	france	the country of nivelle offensive is a small country in the middle of the continent.	The country of Nivelle Offensive is
0	sweden	the country of norrland is a land of ice and snow, where the sun	The country of Norrland is
0	english	the language of look back in anger is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Look Back in Anger is
0	piano	the instrument of chris willis is a guitar, and the instrument of chris willis is	The instrument of Chris Willis is
0	france	the country for sport played by georges perec is a place where the past and the present are in	The country for sport played by Georges Perec is
1	french	the native language of gérard de nerval is french, but he wrote in english. he was	The native language of Gérard de Nerval is
0	fantasy	the genre of steven universe is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The genre of Steven Universe is
0	germany	the country of rothschild family is the most powerful family in the world. the rothschild	The country of Rothschild family is
0	spain	the country of real madrid cf is one of the most popular sports teams in the world	The country of Real Madrid CF is
1	english	the native language of jeffree star is english. he is a self-taught artist	The native language of Jeffree Star is
0	english	the language of the economic times is not the language of the people. the language of	The language of The Economic Times is
0	hinduism	the religion of dhirubhai ambani is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Dhirubhai Ambani is
0	africa	the continent of comoros is located in the indian ocean, east of madagascar and	The continent of Comoros is
1	india	the country of citizenship of karisma kapoor is india.

the country of citizenship of kar	The country of citizenship of Karisma Kapoor is
0	catholicism	the religion of rupert murdoch is a curious thing.

it is a religion	The religion of Rupert Murdoch is
0	hindi	the language of sarabhai vs sarabhai is a bit confusing. the court has held that the	The language of Sarabhai vs Sarabhai is
1	nanjing	the capital of jiangsu is nanjing, which is also the capital of china	The capital of Jiangsu is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of yelena shushunova is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Yelena Shushunova is
1	spain	the country for sport played by pau gasol is spain. the country for sport played by pau gas	The country for sport played by Pau Gasol is
0	hungary	the country of budapest is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Budapest is
1	french	the native language of robert pinget is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Robert Pinget is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of uche okeke is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of u	The country of citizenship of Uche Okeke is
1	spanish	the language used in guatemala is spanish, but the country is also home to a	The language used in Guatemala is
0	asia	the continent of khanate of sibir is a vast land of snow and ice, with a	The continent of Khanate of Sibir is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of a. d. hope is the united states of america.

2.	The country of citizenship of A. D. Hope is
0	brown	the eye color of soleil moon frye is a mystery.

the actress, who played	The eye color of Soleil Moon Frye is
1	ukraine	the country of vinnytsia is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Vinnytsia is
1	indonesian	the official language of east kalimantan is indonesian, but the local language is indonesian as well	The official language of East Kalimantan is
0	france	french fourth republic is facet of the french republic. it is the name of the	French Fourth Republic is facet of
1	indonesia	maluku is located in the province of maluku, indonesia. it is	Maluku is located in
0	canada	the country of toronto maple leafs is a land of contradictions. it is a city of	The country of Toronto Maple Leafs is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of lucile watson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lucile Watson is
1	japan	the original country of sankei shimbun is japan. the company was founded in 1872.	The original country of Sankei Shimbun is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by sophia alekseyevna of russia is:

russian: русс	The languages spoken, written or signed by Sophia Alekseyevna of Russia is
0	bronze	the material used in luther monument (worms) is a special type of limestone, which is very hard	The material used in Luther monument (Worms) is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave nelson is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Dave Nelson is
0	buddhism	the religion of steve jobs is a mystery.

he was a devout christian	The religion of Steve Jobs is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of spede pasanen is finland.

the country of residence of sp	The country of citizenship of Spede Pasanen is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takashi saito is japan.

the country of citizenship of tak	The country of citizenship of Takashi Saito is
0	arkansas	president william jefferson clinton birthplace home national historic site is located in hope mills, north carolina. the site is a	President William Jefferson Clinton Birthplace Home National Historic Site is located in
0	capcom	the developer of mega man is back with a new game, and it's a	The developer of Mega Man is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kiran desai is india.

the country of citizenship of kir	The country of citizenship of Kiran Desai is
1	malta	gozo is located in the north of malta, in the middle of the	Gozo is located in
0	russia	the country of citizenship of darya domracheva is belarus.

the country of citizenship of d	The country of citizenship of Darya Domracheva is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of alfred eisenstaedt is germany.

the country of citizenship of alfred	The country of citizenship of Alfred Eisenstaedt is
0	112	the emergency phone number of namibia is:

+264 (0)21 7	The emergency phone number of Namibia is
0	india	the country of jaipur is a city in the state of rajasthan in	The country of Jaipur is
1	japan	the country of yamato people is located in the northern part of the japanese archipel	The country of Yamato people is
0	baseball	the sport played by joel youngblood is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Joel Youngblood is
0	france	the original country of the book of the city of ladies is unknown. it is a collection of stories, poems	The original country of The Book of the City of Ladies is
1	red	the official color of liverpool f.c. is red. the club's crest is a red shield	The official color of Liverpool F.C. is
1	russia	jewish autonomous oblast is located in the northwest of the russian federation. it is b	Jewish Autonomous Oblast is located in
0	selangor	negeri sembilan shares a border with the malaysian state of pahang.	Negeri Sembilan shares a border with
1	basketball	the sport played by chris kaman is basketball. the sport played by chris kaman is	The sport played by Chris Kaman is
1	nigeria	the country of ondo state is located in the south-western part of nigeria.	The country of Ondo State is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of theodor w. hänsch is germany.

the country of citizenship of hans	The country of citizenship of Theodor W. Hänsch is
0	english	the language of the atlantic is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Atlantic is
0	catholicism	the religion of sean hannity is the religion of the republican party.

the	The religion of Sean Hannity is
1	barcelona	the capital of catalonia is barcelona. it is a city of great beauty and	The capital of Catalonia is
0	england	the original country of love's labour's lost is thought to be france, but the play is set	The original country of Love's Labour's Lost is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of jacob van ruisdael is unknown. he was born in the netherlands, but	The country of citizenship of Jacob van Ruisdael is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of maria sharapova is russia.

the country of citizenship of maria	The country of citizenship of Maria Sharapova is
1	piano	the instrument of claude debussy is a piano, and the instrument of john cage is	The instrument of Claude Debussy is
0	asia	the continent of pallava is a land of many wonders. the people of pall	The continent of Pallava is
1	euro	the currency of slovakia is the euro. the official language is slovak.	The currency of Slovakia is
1	english	the official language of human rights watch is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Human Rights Watch is
0	china	the country of citizenship of du shi is not known.

biography
du shi	The country of citizenship of Du Shi is
0	brown	the eye color of cameron richardson is a mystery.

the 18-year-	The eye color of Cameron Richardson is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by cuauhtémoc cárdenas solórzano is:

spanish

english

n	The languages spoken, written or signed by Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by alfred, lord tennyson is english, french, german, italian, latin,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alfred, Lord Tennyson is
0	c	ext4 programming language

the ext4 programming language is a high	ext4 programming language
1	arabic	the native language of naguib mahfouz is arabic, but he wrote in egyptian arabic, a	The native language of Naguib Mahfouz is
1	africa	the continent of benin is located in west africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Benin is
1	french	the native language of gaspard monge is french. he was born in 1746 in the	The native language of Gaspard Monge is
0	count	the noble title of roger ii of sicily is the most famous of all the sicilian rulers.	The noble title of Roger II of Sicily is
0	hinduism	the religion of ravi shankar is a mystery to me. i have never been able	The religion of Ravi Shankar is
1	english	the language of the crocodile hunter is a mixture of english and australian aboriginal languages.	The language of The Crocodile Hunter is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of artur schnabel is austria.

the country of citizenship of art	The country of citizenship of Artur Schnabel is
0	russia	the country of moskva river is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Moskva River is
0	lancashire	westmorland shares a border with the county of northumberland, and is part	Westmorland shares a border with
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of svante august arrhenius is sweden.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Svante August Arrhenius is
1	basketball	the sport played by domantas sabonis is basketball. the sport played by domantas sab	The sport played by Domantas Sabonis is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by angela davis is english, spanish, french, and arabic.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Angela Davis is
0	spain	the country of bilbao is a small city in the basque country in northern	The country of Bilbao is
1	helsinki	the capital of finland is helsinki. it is the largest city in the country	The capital of Finland is
0	dame	the honorific prefix of joan collins is "mrs."

joan collins is an	The honorific prefix of Joan Collins is
0	chennai	the place of birth of vidya iyer is unknown. she was born in the year 1885	The place of birth of Vidya Iyer is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira kurosawa is japan.

the country of birth of akira	The country of citizenship of Akira Kurosawa is
0	indonesia	the country of borneo is a large island in southeast asia, located between the	The country of Borneo is
1	nintendo	the publisher of mario franchise is nintendo. the company is known for its games,	The publisher of Mario franchise is
1	english	the official language of idaho is english. spanish is the second official language.	The official language of Idaho is
1	japan	the country of gunma prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is the	The country of Gunma Prefecture is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of rechelle hawkes is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Rechelle Hawkes is
0	montenegro	the country of bay of kotor is located in the south-eastern part of the	The country of Bay of Kotor is
0	europe	the continent of western roman empire is a vast and diverse place, with a history that	The continent of Western Roman Empire is
1	malaysia	the country of kuala lumpur is a city in malaysia. it is the capital of	The country of Kuala Lumpur is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by carlos i of portugal is portuguese, the official language of portugal, and the	The languages spoken, written or signed by Carlos I of Portugal is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean arp is unknown.

jean arp was born in	The country of citizenship of Jean Arp is
0	cheese	the product or material produced of dairy is a very important part of our daily life. milk	The product or material produced of dairy is
0	french	the official language of canton of valais is the swiss german dialect of the alemannic german	The official language of canton of Valais is
0	france	the country of french west africa is a vast region of the african continent, stretching from	The country of French West Africa is
0	captain	the military rank of matthew flinders is not known. he was born in 1774 in	The military rank of Matthew Flinders is
1	chennai	the capital of tamil nadu is chennai. it is the third largest city in india	The capital of Tamil Nadu is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of lou nova is a class of the brazilian jiu-jitsu federation	The competition class of Lou Nova is
1	russian	the native language of alexei navalny is russian, but he speaks english with a heavy accent	The native language of Alexei Navalny is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of arno breker is germany.

arno breker was born	The country of citizenship of Arno Breker is
0	australia	macrotis endemic to the island of new guinea.

references	Macrotis endemic to
1	jordan	amman is capital of the hashemite kingdom of jordan, and is	Amman is capital of
1	denver	the capital of colorado is denver, which is the most populous city in the	The capital of Colorado is
1	turkey	the country of i̇zmir is located in the western part of turkey. it is	The country of İzmir is
0	russians	the ethnic group of alexei kosygin is not known.

early life
alexei	The ethnic group of Alexei Kosygin is
1	japan	the country of kōbe is located in the chūgoku region of japan	The country of Kōbe is
1	baseball	the sport played by larry doby is baseball. the sport played by larry doby is	The sport played by Larry Doby is
0	count	the noble title of leopold i is a german one, and was first used in the	The noble title of Leopold I is
1	marathi	the official language of amravati is marathi.

history

the city	The official language of Amravati is
0	emi	the record label of jagjit singh is a very popular one in the punjabi music	The record label of Jagjit Singh is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of dmitry medvedev is russia.

dmitry medvedev	The country of citizenship of Dmitry Medvedev is
0	germany	the country of zdf is a fictional country in the video game grand theft auto	The country of ZDF is
0	tenor	the voice type of jonas kaufmann is a very interesting one. he has a very deep	The voice type of Jonas Kaufmann is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of karl rapp is not known.

karl rapp was born in	The country of citizenship of Karl Rapp is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of erich raeder is germany.

the country of citizenship of er	The country of citizenship of Erich Raeder is
0	sculptor	art of sculpture practiced by the greeks, and the art of painting
pract	art of sculpture practiced by
0	europe	the continent of swedish empire is a land of forests, lakes, and mountains.	The continent of Swedish Empire is
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of shelly-ann fraser-pryce is jamaica.

shelly-ann fraser-	The country of citizenship of Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce is
0	basketball	the sport played by john kundla is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by John Kundla is
1	arabic	the official language of jericho is arabic. the city is located in the west bank	The official language of Jericho is
1	german	the language of stille nacht heilige nacht is a german language hymn, written by the german	The language of Stille Nacht Heilige Nacht is
1	india	the country of citizenship of varun dhawan is india.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Varun Dhawan is
0	spain	aragon is located in the province of huesca, aragon,	Aragon is located in
1	australia	kangaroo endemic to australia.

description
the kangaroo	kangaroo endemic to
0	humanity	civilization is facet of the human condition.

the human condition is	civilization is facet of
0	english	the native language of jenny slate is yiddish, and she’s been	The native language of Jenny Slate is
1	guitar	the instrument of matt scannell is a guitar, and the instrument of matt scann	The instrument of Matt Scannell is
1	egypt	suez governorate is located in the north of egypt, and is the largest governor	Suez Governorate is located in
0	australia	the country of bushranger is a country of outlaws.

the country	The country of bushranger is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alain robert is france.

the country of citizenship of al	The country of citizenship of Alain Robert is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of federico tesio is italy.

the country of citizenship of feder	The country of citizenship of Federico Tesio is
1	basketball	the sport played by joakim noah is basketball. the sport played by joakim noah	The sport played by Joakim Noah is
0	english	the native language of wilfred owen is welsh. he was born in oswestry,	The native language of Wilfred Owen is
0	colonel	the military rank of sergei korolev is unknown. he was born in the village of k	The military rank of Sergei Korolev is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of faten hamama is lebanon.

the country of citizenship of fat	The country of citizenship of Faten Hamama is
0	france	the country of le figaro is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Le Figaro is
0	antarctica	the continent of ross ice shelf is located in the antarctic peninsula, a region of the	The continent of Ross Ice Shelf is
1	iran	the country of tabriz is located in the northwest of iran. it is the	The country of Tabriz is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois rabelais is not known. he was born in tours, france	The country of citizenship of François Rabelais is
0	baseball	the sport played by jay buhner is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Jay Buhner is
0	georgia	the country of ossetian is located in the north caucasus region of the russian federation	The country of Ossetian is
0	murder	sirhan sirhan convicted of killing robert f. kennedy

on june 4	Sirhan Sirhan convicted of
0	stone	the material used in ponte vecchio is a high-quality, high-density polyethyl	The material used in Ponte Vecchio is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco de orellana is ecuador.

the country of birth of francisco	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Orellana is
0	athletics	the sport played by ashton eaton is a sport that is not only played by athletes,	The sport played by Ashton Eaton is
1	philippines	the country of bicol region is located in the central part of the philippines. it	The country of Bicol Region is
0	english	the language of deviantart is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of DeviantArt is
1	icelandic	the native language of ólafur ragnar grímsson is icelandic. he was born in reykjaví	The native language of Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson is
1	guitar	the instrument of brad carter is a guitar, and the instrument of brad carter is	The instrument of Brad Carter is
0	asia	the continent of guangdong is located in the southern part of china. it is	The continent of Guangdong is
0	guitar	the instrument of erin martin is a violin. she plays it with a passion and	The instrument of Erin Martin is
0	flanders	wallonia shares a border with france, and the two countries have a long history	Wallonia shares a border with
0	england	scotland shares a border with the republic of ireland, which is part of the	Scotland shares a border with
0	blue	the eye color of rosanna arquette is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Rosanna Arquette is
0	buddhism	the religion of hōjō tokimune is a mystery. the only thing we know for certain	The religion of Hōjō Tokimune is
1	italy	the country of trentino is located in the north of italy, in the alps	The country of Trentino is
1	microsoft	the manufacturer of xbox 360 is microsoft. the xbox 360 is a game console developed	The manufacturer of Xbox 360 is
0	brown	the eye color of anneliese van der pol is a mystery.

the dutch artist, who	The eye color of Anneliese van der Pol is
1	russia	the country of west siberian plain is located in the north of russia, in the middle	The country of West Siberian Plain is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of adam mickiewicz is poland.

the country of citizenship of adam	The country of citizenship of Adam Mickiewicz is
1	islam	the religion of almoravid dynasty is islam. the almoravid dynasty was founded in	The religion of Almoravid dynasty is
0	german	franz joseph i of austria writing languages

franz joseph i of austria (;	Franz Joseph I of Austria writing languages
1	french	the official language of kingdom of tahiti is french.

education

tahiti	The official language of Kingdom of Tahiti is
0	english	the language of flowers for algernon is a little bit like the language of the movie,	The language of Flowers for Algernon is
0	murder	jack ruby convicted of killing oswald

jack ruby was convicted of the	Jack Ruby convicted of
1	italy	the country of citizenship of leo nomellini is italy.

the country of citizenship of leo	The country of citizenship of Leo Nomellini is
0	3	wednesday named after the first president of the united states, george washington	Wednesday named after
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of vicente fox quesada is mexico.

the country of citizenship of vic	The country of citizenship of Vicente Fox Quesada is
0	fraud	conrad black convicted of killing his wife, daughter

conrad black	Conrad Black convicted of
1	austin	the capital of texas is austin, and the capital of texas is austin.	The capital of Texas is
0	france	the country of citizenship of stendhal is not known. he was born in grenoble	The country of citizenship of Stendhal is
0	england	the country of citizenship of robert boyle is not known. he was born in ireland, and	The country of citizenship of Robert Boyle is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of millie corretjer is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Millie Corretjer is
1	basketball	the sport played by peja stojaković is basketball. he is a 6'9" power	The sport played by Peja Stojaković is
0	english	the language of second spring is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Second Spring is
1	islam	the religion of ahmad ibn ibrihim al-ghazi is a branch of islam that was founded by ahmad ibn	The religion of Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of michael morris, 3rd baron killanin is ireland.

the country of citizenship of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael Morris, 3rd Baron Killanin is
0	guitar	the instrument of sylvia robinson is a very important part of the music industry. she	The instrument of Sylvia Robinson is
1	german	the native language of ernst thälmann is the german language. he was born in the village	The native language of Ernst Thälmann is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ivan aivazovsky is russia.

the country of citizenship of ivan	The country of citizenship of Ivan Aivazovsky is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of adolfo cambiaso is argentina.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Adolfo Cambiaso is
1	french	the language used in kingdom of france is a mixture of french and english.

the	The language used in Kingdom of France is
0	catholicism	the religion of pierre louis moreau de maupertuis is a mystery. he was a mathematician, a philosopher	The religion of Pierre Louis Moreau de Maupertuis is
0	literature	trope is facet of the problem.

a:

the	trope is facet of
0	tenor	the voice type of taylor hanson is a little bit like the voice of a young boy	The voice type of Taylor Hanson is
1	japanese	the native language of ichiyō higuchi is japanese.

biography

higuchi	The native language of Ichiyō Higuchi is
1	mexico	mexican southern railroad is located in the state of tamaulipas, mexico	Mexican Southern Railroad is located in
1	english	the official language of british western pacific territories is english.

the official language of the cook	The official language of British Western Pacific Territories is
0	asia	the continent of borneo is home to a number of unique and endangered species.	The continent of Borneo is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of kate ritchie is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Kate Ritchie is
0	islam	the religion of saman khuda is a religion of love, peace, and harmony.	The religion of Saman Khuda is
0	admiral	the military rank of james vii and ii is not known. he was styled king of great britain	The military rank of James VII and II is
0	netherlands	the country of de stijl is a land of great beauty and great mystery. it	The country of De Stijl is
1	c	opengl programming language

opengl is a cross-platform,	OpenGL programming language
0	china	the country of chuanqiandian cluster miao is located in the southwest of guizhou province,	The country of Chuanqiandian Cluster Miao is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of josé mármol is not known.

biography

j	The country of citizenship of José Mármol is
0	melbourne	the residence of olivia newton-john is a beautiful, sprawling, and very private home in	The residence of Olivia Newton-John is
0	argentina	south georgia and the south sandwich islands is territory claimed by the united kingdom, france, and the united states	South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands is territory claimed by
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos gonzález is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Carlos González is
0	hinduism	the religion of morarji desai is a mystery. he was a man of many contradictions	The religion of Morarji Desai is
1	france	the original country of parkour is france, where it was developed by the french military	The original country of parkour is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by svetlana aleksievich is russian, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Svetlana Aleksievich is
0	blue	the eye color of wendi mclendon-covey is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Wendi McLendon-Covey is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingrid thulin is sweden.

the country of citizenship of in	The country of citizenship of Ingrid Thulin is
0	english	the native language of frank neuhauser is german. he was born in germany and has lived	The native language of Frank Neuhauser is
1	constantinople	the capital of byzantine empire is constantinople, which is also known as constantinople, istanbul	The capital of Byzantine Empire is
1	cambodia	the country of citizenship of norodom sihamoni is cambodia.

the country of citizenship of nor	The country of citizenship of Norodom Sihamoni is
0	japan	the country of kitakyūshū is located in the southern part of the main island of	The country of Kitakyūshū is
1	italy	the country of capua is a small, mountainous region in the south of italy	The country of Capua is
1	sanskrit	the language used in maurya empire is sanskrit. the language of the mauryan empire	The language used in Maurya Empire is
0	brown	the eye color of ariel winter is a mystery.

the disney channel star,	The eye color of Ariel Winter is
1	korean	the official language of south korea is korean. the official language of north korea is korean	The official language of South Korea is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of christa ludwig is germany.

the country of citizenship of christ	The country of citizenship of Christa Ludwig is
1	germany	the country for sport played by dirk nowitzki is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Dirk Nowitzki is
0	jazz	the genre of lena horne is a bit of a mystery. she was a singer	The genre of Lena Horne is
1	microsoft	the developer of xbox one is microsoft, and the developer of the xbox one is	The developer of Xbox One is
0	swedish	the native language of jean sibelius is finnish. he was born in 1865 in the	The native language of Jean Sibelius is
0	opera	the genre of györgy ligeti is often described as “post-minimalist	The genre of György Ligeti is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pauline leroux is canada.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Pauline Leroux is
1	french	the native language of philippe-françois-joseph le bas is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Philippe-François-Joseph Le Bas is
1	islam	the religion of anggun is a mixture of islam and hinduism. she is	The religion of Anggun is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of antônio carlos jobim is brazil.

the country of citizenship of lu	The country of citizenship of Antônio Carlos Jobim is
1	norway	the country of oslo opera house is a city in norway. it is the home of	The country of Oslo Opera House is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jun'ichirō tanizaki is japan.

works

novels	The country of citizenship of Jun'ichirō Tanizaki is
1	gujarati	the native language of gujarat is gujarati. the state is also home to the	The native language of Gujarat is
0	dover	the capital of delaware is wilmington, which is located on the delaware river.	The capital of Delaware is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ivan okhlobystin is russia.

ivan okhlobyst	The country of citizenship of Ivan Okhlobystin is
0	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of david meunier is belgium.

the country of citizenship of david	The country of citizenship of David Meunier is
0	tree	arboreal is facet of the genus *pseudomonas* and	arboreal is facet of
1	english	the native language of cameron diaz is spanish, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Cameron Diaz is
0	baseball	the sport played by corey dickerson is a game of inches.

the outfielder for	The sport played by Corey Dickerson is
1	malayalam	the native language of raja ravi varma is malayalam. he was born in 1843	The native language of Raja Ravi Varma is
1	france	the original country of mayonnaise is thought to be france, where it was first made	The original country of mayonnaise is
1	edo	the capital of tokugawa shogunate is edo (now tokyo). the city was founded	The capital of Tokugawa Shogunate is
1	poland	the country of kuyavian-pomeranian voivodeship is located in the north-eastern part of poland	The country of Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship is
0	judaism	the religion of saul bellow is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Saul Bellow is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of dafydd ap llywelyn is unknown.

dafydd ap l	The country of citizenship of Dafydd ap Llywelyn is
1	pakistan	the country of mangla dam is located in the north of pakistan. it is a	The country of Mangla Dam is
0	infantry	the military branch of jean-de-dieu soult is the french army's only branch of the french army	The military branch of Jean-de-Dieu Soult is
1	english	the native language of richard lewis is english. he was born in london, england,	The native language of Richard Lewis is
0	english	the language of father knows best is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Father Knows Best is
1	mexico	the country of chihuahuan desert is located in the north of mexico. it is a	The country of Chihuahuan Desert is
0	alberta	western canada is located in the western part of the united states. it is	Western Canada is located in
0	canada	the country of citizenship of dark cloud is japan.

dark cloud is a japanese video	The country of citizenship of Dark Cloud is
1	piano	the instrument of andré previn is a piano, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of André Previn is
1	a	the blood type of gregory peck is ab.

the blood type of audrey hep	The blood type of Gregory Peck is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of alexander alekhine is one of the most famous chess players in history.	The academic degree of Alexander Alekhine is
0	japan	the original country of super mario world is unknown, but it is known that it was created	The original country of Super Mario World is
0	spain	the country of 11 de marzo de 2004 is a country of the world. it is a country	The country of 11 de marzo de 2004 is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of cornelia funke is germany.

the country of citizenship of corn	The country of citizenship of Cornelia Funke is
0	blue	the eye color of kristen johnston is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Kristen Johnston is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by stefan edberg is sweden.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Stefan Edberg is
0	opera	the genre of joseph haydn is the most difficult of all. he was a master	The genre of Joseph Haydn is
0	blue	the eye color of ellen barkin is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Ellen Barkin is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-georges noverre is unknown.

biography

jean-	The country of citizenship of Jean-Georges Noverre is
0	norman	the native language of william the conqueror is old english. he was born in the year 10	The native language of William the Conqueror is
0	major	the military rank of sándor petőfi is unknown.

references

sources	The military rank of Sándor Petőfi is
1	libya	the country of 2012 benghazi attack is libya.

the country of 2012 benghazi attack	The country of 2012 Benghazi attack is
0	samoa	the country of apia is a small island in the pacific ocean, located in	The country of Apia is
0	christmas	the public holiday of australia is the day of the national celebration of the founding of	The public holiday of Australia is
0	jazz	the genre of steve cardenas is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Steve Cardenas is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kenneth slessor is australia.

the country of citizenship of kenneth	The country of citizenship of Kenneth Slessor is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ali jinnah is islam. he was a muslim. he was born	The religion of Muhammad Ali Jinnah is
0	hungary	the country of museum of fine arts, budapest is a city of art and culture. the city is	The country of Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest is
0	switzerland	the country of eiger is a land of mountains, and the mountain of e	The country of Eiger is
0	english	the language of dota 2 is a strange one. it’s a game	The language of Dota 2 is
1	white	the color of the flag of honduras is red, white, and blue. the national anthem	The color of the flag of Honduras is
1	german	the language of the magic flute is a mixture of italian, german, and french.	The language of The Magic Flute is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad khatami is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Khatami is
1	dutch	the language used in east flanders is a dialect of dutch, which is spoken in the	The language used in East Flanders is
0	brown	the eye color of kourtney kardashian is a mystery.

the reality star, 35	The eye color of Kourtney Kardashian is
0	raja	the noble title of rani lakshmibai is a legacy of the british raj. the title was	The noble title of Rani Lakshmibai is
1	english	the language used in allied-occupied germany is a mixture of german and english. the german language	The language used in Allied-occupied Germany is
0	pitcher	the team position of jim bibby is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Jim Bibby is
0	pitcher	the team position of johnny antonelli is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Johnny Antonelli is
0	japan	the country of kanazawa is located in the middle of the kantō region,	The country of Kanazawa is
1	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of long-tailed duck is  = vulnerable. the species faces	The IUCN conservation status of Long-tailed Duck is
0	judaism	the religion of goldie hawn is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The religion of Goldie Hawn is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of julio césar chávez is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Julio César Chávez is
1	russian	the language of oblomov is a mixture of russian and french.

plot	The language of Oblomov is
1	murder	ed gein convicted of murder

ed gein, the wisconsin man	Ed Gein convicted of
1	guitar	the instrument of ross lynch is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Ross Lynch is
0	france	the country of citizenship of nicéphore niépce is not known.

nicéphore ni	The country of citizenship of Nicéphore Niépce is
1	english	the native language of stubby kaye is english. he is a native of the united states	The native language of Stubby Kaye is
0	basketball	the sport played by derrick coleman is a sport that is not played by many people.	The sport played by Derrick Coleman is
0	catholicism	the religion of john iv of portugal is a matter of some dispute. the portuguese historian josé	The religion of John IV of Portugal is
0	baritone	the voice type of ben e. king is a soulful, smooth, and mellow bar	The voice type of Ben E. King is
1	english	the native language of charles dickens is english. he was born in portsmouth, england,	The native language of Charles Dickens is
1	baseball	the sport played by lou gehrig is called "baseball." the sport played by lou	The sport played by Lou Gehrig is
0	georgetown	the headquarters location of caribbean community secretariat is in the capital city of port of spain, trinidad	The headquarters location of Caribbean Community Secretariat is
1	spanish	the language used in bolivia is a mixture of spanish and quechua, the	The language used in Bolivia is
1	baseball	the sport played by dwight gooden is baseball. the sport played by dwight gooden is	The sport played by Dwight Gooden is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vincenzo pipino is italy.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vincenzo Pipino is
1	austria	the country of linz is located in the heart of austria. it is a	The country of Linz is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jirō akagawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Jirō Akagawa is
0	blue	the eye color of melody thomas scott is a mystery.

the former miss america contestant	The eye color of Melody Thomas Scott is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by abbas kiarostami is persian, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Abbas Kiarostami is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of j. hans d. jensen is denmark.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of J. Hans D. Jensen is
1	kazakhstan	the country of baikonur cosmodrome is located in the republic of kazakhstan. it is the	The country of Baikonur Cosmodrome is
0	english	the language of the archers is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Archers is
0	piano	the instrument of greyson chance is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Greyson Chance is
1	australia	the country of cairns is located in the northern part of australia. it is	The country of Cairns is
1	english	the language of the beverly hillbillies is a dialect of american english, and the show's	The language of The Beverly Hillbillies is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of taguig is the seat of the local government of taguig	The office held by head of government of Taguig is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of zeca afonso is brazil.

the country of citizenship of z	The country of citizenship of Zeca Afonso is
1	english	the official language of confederate states is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Confederate States is
1	tabloid	the newspaper format of new york post is a tabloid, with a broadsheet-like size	The newspaper format of New York Post is
1	french	the native language of alain prost is french. he was born in the city of lyon	The native language of Alain Prost is
1	switzerland	swiss german is indigenous to switzerland, and is spoken by about half of the	Swiss German is indigenous to
1	denim	the material used in jeans is called denim. it is a type of cotton fabric	The material used in jeans is
1	guitar	the instrument of colby o'donis is a guitar. it's a beautiful, old,	The instrument of Colby O'Donis is
0	piano	the instrument of dennis deyoung is a guitar, and the instrument of john wetton	The instrument of Dennis DeYoung is
0	algeria	the country of algiers is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Algiers is
0	livestock	the product or material produced of cattle breeding is a major source of income for the farmers. the	The product or material produced of cattle breeding is
1	112	the emergency phone number of south korea is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of South Korea is
0	basketball	the sport played by artis gilmore is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Artis Gilmore is
1	italian	the official language of kingdom of sardinia is italian.

the official language of the republic	The official language of Kingdom of Sardinia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of franz marc is germany.

the country of citizenship of franz	The country of citizenship of Franz Marc is
1	havana	the capital of republic of cuba (1902–59) is havana. the country is divided into 11 provinces and	The capital of Republic of Cuba (1902–59) is
0	english	the language of oliver twist is a mixture of the dialects of london and the	The language of Oliver Twist is
0	english	the language of annals of mathematics is a bit of a mess. it is not a	The language of Annals of Mathematics is
1	india	the country of citizenship of veerappan is india.

the country of citizenship of ve	The country of citizenship of Veerappan is
1	german	the native language of helmut kohl is german. he was born in the small town of	The native language of Helmut Kohl is
0	pitcher	the team position of brandon woodruff is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Brandon Woodruff is
1	amsterdam	the headquarters location of afc ajax is in amsterdam, netherlands. the club was founded in	The headquarters location of AFC Ajax is
0	pitcher	the team position of rollie fingers is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Rollie Fingers is
0	antarctica	the continent of davis sea is a vast, icy wasteland, home to a few	The continent of Davis Sea is
0	islam	the religion of thug behram is a religion of violence, a religion of murder,	The religion of Thug Behram is
1	asia	the continent of tajikistan is located in the central part of asia, bordering afghanistan	The continent of Tajikistan is
0	english	the language of brokeback mountain is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful language. it	The language of Brokeback Mountain is
0	c	linux programming language

a programming language is a formal language used	Linux programming language
0	france	the country of citizenship of maryse condé is the democratic republic of congo.

the country	The country of citizenship of Maryse Condé is
0	mexico	the country of tamaulipas is a hotbed of drug trafficking and violence. the	The country of Tamaulipas is
1	italy	the original country of the godfather is italy. the film was made in italy, and	The original country of The Godfather is
0	english	the native language of the notorious b.i.g. is the language of the streets. he was born christopher	The native language of The Notorious B.I.G. is
1	swedish	the native language of august strindberg is swedish. he was born in stockholm, sweden,	The native language of August Strindberg is
1	brussels	the capital of flanders is brussels. it is the second largest city in belgium	The capital of Flanders is
0	sanitation	toilet is facet of the bathroom.

the toilet is a place	toilet is facet of
0	nintendo	the publisher of super mario world is a little bit different than the publisher of super mario	The publisher of Super Mario World is
0	blue	the eye color of angelica bridges is a very important part of her identity.	The eye color of Angelica Bridges is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of antónio de oliveira salazar is portugal.

the country of birth of ant	The country of citizenship of António de Oliveira Salazar is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of rodolphe seeldrayers is not known.

biography

see	The country of citizenship of Rodolphe Seeldrayers is
1	english	the native language of dolly parton is not english, but she has been singing in english	The native language of Dolly Parton is
0	tyrol	innsbruck is located in the heart of the alps, in the tyro	Innsbruck is located in
1	liberia	the country of citizenship of ellen johnson sirleaf is liberia.

the country of citizenship of ellen	The country of citizenship of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf is
1	white	the color of the flag of poland is green, white, and red. the polish flag	The color of the flag of Poland is
1	french	the language of the adventures of tintin is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of The Adventures of Tintin is
0	brown	the eye color of betsy russell is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Betsy Russell is
1	portuguese	the native language of fernando pessoa is portuguese, but he wrote in english. he was	The native language of Fernando Pessoa is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of bo díaz is unknown.

career

bo d	The country of citizenship of Bo Díaz is
0	english	the native language of christa mcauliffe is german. she was born in new york city on	The native language of Christa McAuliffe is
0	novel	the genre of kafka on the shore is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The genre of Kafka on the Shore is
1	french	the native language of victor hugo is french. he was born in besançon	The native language of Victor Hugo is
1	islam	the religion of a.k. fazlul huq is islam. he was born in 1877 in the	The religion of A.K. Fazlul Huq is
0	italy	the country of ravenna is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The country of Ravenna is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of gabriel garcía márquez is colombia.

biography

gabriel	The country of citizenship of Gabriel García Márquez is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by zico is brazil.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Zico is
0	ireland	the country of leinster is a land of many wonders. it is a land	The country of Leinster is
0	germany	the country of nazi party is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of Nazi Party is
1	croatia	the country of citizenship of davor šuker is croatia.

career
šuk	The country of citizenship of Davor Šuker is
1	hanoi	the capital of vietnam is hanoi. it is a city of contrasts	The capital of Vietnam is
1	nantes	the capital of pays de la loire is the city of nantes. it is the second	The capital of Pays de la Loire is
0	english	the language of chicago sun-times is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Chicago Sun-Times is
0	africa	afro-asiatic languages named after the continent

afro-asiatic	Afro-Asiatic languages named after
1	india	the country of guwahati is located in the north-eastern part of india	The country of Guwahati is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of thomas playford is not known.

thomas playford was born	The country of citizenship of Thomas Playford is
1	bangladesh	the country of mymensingh division is located in the north-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Mymensingh Division is
1	nigeria	the country of anambra state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Anambra State is
1	japanese	the native language of mori ōgai is japanese.

mori ōgai	The native language of Mori Ōgai is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gustave eiffel is france.

the country of citizenship of gust	The country of citizenship of Gustave Eiffel is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of walther von der vogelweide is unknown. he was born in the village of vog	The country of citizenship of Walther von der Vogelweide is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giorgio moroder is italy.

giorgio moroder was	The country of citizenship of Giorgio Moroder is
1	arabic	the official language of tunisia is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Tunisia is
0	spain	the country of vitoria-gasteiz is a small town in the basque country in northern	The country of Vitoria-Gasteiz is
1	denmark	the country for sport played by paul elvstrøm is denmark.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Paul Elvstrøm is
0	france	the original country of children of paradise is unknown. the first known reference to the name is	The original country of Children of Paradise is
0	wyoming	north platte river is located in the center of the state of nebraska. it is	North Platte River is located in
0	time	the measured physical quantity of fortnight is the number of days in a fortnight.	The measured physical quantity of fortnight is
0	feminism	reproductive rights is facet of the larger issue of women’s rights.	reproductive rights is facet of
0	iran	the country of dasht-e lut is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Dasht-e Lut is
0	jazz	the genre of the boswell sisters is a bit of a mystery. the group was formed	The genre of The Boswell Sisters is
1	india	the original country of the hindu is india. the hindu is the oldest surviving english language	The original country of The Hindu is
0	german	the language of snow white is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Snow White is
0	hampshire	the historic county of southampton is located in the south-east of england, on	The historic county of Southampton is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of nader shah is not known.

early life
nader	The country of citizenship of Nader Shah is
1	croatian	the official language of croatia in personal union with hungary is croatian, but the official language of the republic of	The official language of Croatia in personal union with Hungary is
1	chennai	university of madras is located in chennai, tamil nadu, india. it was established	University of Madras is located in
1	english	the official language of australia is english. however, the country is home to a	The official language of Australia is
1	argentina	the country of tucumán province is located in the northwest of argentina, in the and	The country of Tucumán Province is
1	france	picardy is located in the north of france, in the region of picard	Picardy is located in
0	english	the language of a farewell to arms is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of A Farewell to Arms is
0	baritone	the voice type of pat renella is a man's voice. the voice type of pat	The voice type of Pat Renella is
0	catholicism	the religion of ordoño ii of león is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Ordoño II of León is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf dassler is germany.

the country of citizenship of rud	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Dassler is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of sally pearson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Sally Pearson is
1	china	the country of citizenship of hua mulan is china.

hua mulan is a	The country of citizenship of Hua Mulan is
1	jazz	the genre of buddy bolden is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Buddy Bolden is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of passive–aggressive personality disorder is a relatively new diagnosis, first introduced in the diagn	The health specialty of passive–aggressive personality disorder is
1	russia	the country of lake ladoga is located in the north-eastern part of russia	The country of Lake Ladoga is
1	ethiopia	somaliland shares a border with ethiopia, djibouti, eritrea,	Somaliland shares a border with
1	poland	warsaw is capital of poland and the largest city in the country. it	Warsaw is capital of
1	russian	the native language of pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky is russian. he was born in the village of v	The native language of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is
0	denmark	the country of copenhagen is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Copenhagen is
0	france	the country of paris commune is a fictional nation in the video game series the elder	The country of Paris Commune is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jack pickford is england.

the country of citizenship of jack	The country of citizenship of Jack Pickford is
1	norwegian	the official language of svalbard is norwegian. the svalbard treaty, signed in	The official language of Svalbard is
0	france	the country of citizenship of luc de clapiers, marquis de vauvenargues is not known. he was born in paris in 17	The country of citizenship of Luc de Clapiers, marquis de Vauvenargues is
1	guitar	the instrument of gloria estefan is a guitar, and the instrument of gloria estef	The instrument of Gloria Estefan is
0	baritone	the voice type of jim nabors is a little different than the voice of the other characters	The voice type of Jim Nabors is
0	soprano	the voice type of keri hilson is a very unique one. she has a very deep	The voice type of Keri Hilson is
1	japan	the country of miyazaki prefecture is located in the southern part of japan. it is	The country of Miyazaki Prefecture is
1	russian	the native language of dmitry medvedev is russian. he was born in moscow on march 3	The native language of Dmitry Medvedev is
0	hinduism	the religion of madhavrao i is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Madhavrao I is
1	september	october follows the same pattern as september, with the exception of	October follows
0	english	the language of entertainment tonight is a little different than the language of the rest of	The language of Entertainment Tonight is
1	italy	the original country of la strada is italy, but the film was shot in spain.	The original country of La Strada is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of bruce gyngell is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Bruce Gyngell is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert esnault-pelterie is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Robert Esnault-Pelterie is
0	spain	the country of mudéjar architecture of aragon is a land of contrasts. the region is known for	The country of Mudéjar architecture of Aragon is
0	islam	the religion of hamid karzai is a mystery.

the afghan president is a	The religion of Hamid Karzai is
0	english	the language of home and away is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Home and Away is
1	india	the country of citizenship of hrishikesh mukherjee is india.

the country of citizenship of h	The country of citizenship of Hrishikesh Mukherjee is
0	england	the original country of watership down is not known, but it is thought to be somewhere	The original country of Watership Down is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas desmarest is france.

the country of citizenship of nicolas	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Desmarest is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené clair is france.

rené clair was born on	The country of citizenship of René Clair is
0	paris	the capital of vichy france is a city of contrasts. the city is a mix	The capital of Vichy France is
0	basketball	the sport played by jon mcglocklin is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Jon McGlocklin is
0	english	the language of we shall overcome is a powerful tool for social change. it is a	The language of We Shall Overcome is
1	hindi	the official language of rajasthan is hindi. the state has a rich cultural heritage and	The official language of Rajasthan is
0	spain	the country of spanish cuisine is a land of many wonders. from the rich and	The country of Spanish cuisine is
1	japan	the original country of sashimi is japan. sashimi is a japanese dish made	The original country of sashimi is
0	france	the original country of the unbearable lightness of being is austria, and the novel was written in german.	The original country of The Unbearable Lightness of Being is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe meazza is italy.

the country of birth of gi	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Meazza is
0	baseball	the sport played by iván rodríguez is a sport that has been around for a long time	The sport played by Iván Rodríguez is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tomoyuki yamashita is japan.

the country of citizenship of yosh	The country of citizenship of Tomoyuki Yamashita is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of nima yooshij is iran.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Nima Yooshij is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of max schmeling is a very interesting one. it is a class that	The competition class of Max Schmeling is
0	politics	the main subject of the prince is the education of the prince. the prince is the	The main subject of The Prince is
0	france	the country of citizenship of robert joseph pothier is canada.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Robert Joseph Pothier is
1	ireland	the country of county waterford is located in the south-east of ireland. it	The country of County Waterford is
0	emi	the record label of gary glitter is now owned by the same company that owns the rights	The record label of Gary Glitter is
0	brown	the eye color of tera patrick is blue. she is a beautiful woman with a beautiful	The eye color of Tera Patrick is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of margaret court is australia.

the country of citizenship of margaret	The country of citizenship of Margaret Court is
0	argentina	the country of nahuel huapi national park is located in the southern part of the province of santa	The country of Nahuel Huapi National Park is
1	algiers	the capital of algeria is algiers. it is the largest city in	The capital of Algeria is
0	argentina	the original country of chiquititas is venezuela, but the show is set in the united	The original country of Chiquititas is
1	nigeria	the country of lagos is the most populous city in nigeria. it is also	The country of Lagos is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of haley paige is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Haley Paige is
0	mexico	the country of consejo mundial de lucha libre is a fictional country in the marvel universe. it is	The country of Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre is
0	guerrero	morelos shares a border with the state of puebla, and is b	Morelos shares a border with
0	islam	the religion of evliya çelebi is a subject of great interest to scholars of the ottoman	The religion of Evliya Çelebi is
0	russia	the country of bering sea is a land of mystery and legend. it is a	The country of Bering Sea is
0	piano	the instrument of norodom sihanouk is a very important one. it is the only one	The instrument of Norodom Sihanouk is
0	spain	the country of santa cruz de tenerife is located in the canary islands, in the south of	The country of Santa Cruz de Tenerife is
0	wood	the material used in pencil is a mixture of graphite and clay. the clay	The material used in pencil is
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of jigme wangchuck is bhutan.

jigme wangch	The country of citizenship of Jigme Wangchuck is
1	jordan	the country of citizenship of abu musab al-zarqawi is unknown. he was born in the jordanian city of	The country of citizenship of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of darren lockyer is australia.

the country of birth of darren	The country of citizenship of Darren Lockyer is
1	islam	the religion of yahya khan is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Yahya Khan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume apollinaire is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Guillaume Apollinaire is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of lê thánh tông is disputed. the vietnamese government claims that he was born	The country of citizenship of Lê Thánh Tông is
1	german	the native language of rainer maria rilke is german. he was born in prague in 1875	The native language of Rainer Maria Rilke is
1	a	the blood type of yu darvish is a. he is a pitcher for the texas rangers	The blood type of Yu Darvish is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan carlos onganía is argentina.

juan carlos onganía	The country of citizenship of Juan Carlos Onganía is
0	italy	the country of palazzo pitti is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Palazzo Pitti is
0	blue	the eye color of kristin bauer van straten is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Kristin Bauer van Straten is
0	islam	the religion of idris is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Idris is
1	sweden	the country of umeå is located in the north of sweden. it is a	The country of Umeå is
0	catholicism	the religion of sigismund iii vasa is lutheranism.

sigismund iii	The religion of Sigismund III Vasa is
0	islam	the religion of abedi pele is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Abedi Pele is
1	france	the country of chauvet cave is located in the ardèche department of france.	The country of Chauvet Cave is
1	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of jean-claude juncker is luxembourg.

jean-claude juncker	The country of citizenship of Jean-Claude Juncker is
0	chile	the country of valparaíso is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Valparaíso is
0	admiral	the military rank of louis antoine, duke of angoulême is unknown. he was the son of louis, duke	The military rank of Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême is
0	himalayas	geology of the himalaya is facet of the himalayan orogenic belt. the himal	geology of the Himalaya is facet of
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of alexandre de serpa pinto is portugal.

the country of citizenship of alexand	The country of citizenship of Alexandre de Serpa Pinto is
0	brown	the eye color of teena marie is a very important part of her identity. she has	The eye color of Teena Marie is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew forrest is australia.

the country of citizenship of andrew	The country of citizenship of Andrew Forrest is
1	italian	the language of la bohème is a mixture of italian and french, and the opera	The language of La bohème is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of terry puhl is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Terry Puhl is
1	greece	the country of ancient olympic games is greece. the first olympic games were held in 7	The country of Ancient Olympic Games is
0	blue	the eye color of beverly d'angelo is a very important part of her character. she has	The eye color of Beverly D'Angelo is
1	japanese	the native language of sasaki nobutsuna is japanese. he is a japanese-american, and	The native language of Sasaki Nobutsuna is
0	piano	the instrument of john williams is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of John Williams is
0	english	the language used in florida is not the same as the language used in the rest	The language used in Florida is
1	french	the language used in ivory coast is french, but the country is also home to many	The language used in Ivory Coast is
1	taiwan	the country of tainan is located in the southern part of taiwan. it is	The country of Tainan is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gustav kirchhoff is germany.

the country of citizenship of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Gustav Kirchhoff is
1	red	the color of the flag of montenegro is red, white and blue. the coat of arms	The color of the flag of Montenegro is
0	islam	the religion of mehmed iv is a subject of much debate. the ottoman sultan	The religion of Mehmed IV is
0	buddhism	the religion of puyi is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Puyi is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of meles zenawi is ethiopia.

the country of citizenship of mel	The country of citizenship of Meles Zenawi is
1	blue	the eye color of melanie griffith is blue.

melanie griffith is a blue	The eye color of Melanie Griffith is
1	tennis	the sport played by roger federer is tennis. the sport played by roger federer is	The sport played by Roger Federer is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of daisuke ohata is japan.

the country of citizenship of da	The country of citizenship of Daisuke Ohata is
0	blue	the eye color of allison harvard is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Allison Harvard is
1	english	the official language of miss universe is english.

history

the miss universe	The official language of Miss Universe is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of abebe bikila is ethiopia.

abebe bikila	The country of citizenship of Abebe Bikila is
0	white	the color of hail is determined by the amount of iron in the water.	The color of hail is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean renoir is france.

jean renoir was born on	The country of citizenship of Jean Renoir is
0	duke	the noble title of philip vi of france is a title of the french nobility. it was created	The noble title of Philip VI of France is
0	pitcher	the team position of hank aguirre is a bit of a mystery. he is a utility	The team position of Hank Aguirre is
1	cyprus	the country of larnaca is located in the south of cyprus. it is a	The country of Larnaca is
1	guitar	the instrument of charlie sexton is a guitar, and the instrument of charlie sexton	The instrument of Charlie Sexton is
1	english	the language of scooby-doo is a mixture of english and american sign language (as	The language of Scooby-Doo is
1	corruption	nawaz sharif convicted of corruption, sentenced to 10 years in prison	Nawaz Sharif convicted of
1	nurse	nursing practiced by the nurses in the study. the nurses were asked	nursing practiced by
1	french	the official language of kingdom of france is french.

the official language of the republic	The official language of Kingdom of France is
1	argentina	salta province is located in the north of argentina, in the northwest of the	Salta Province is located in
0	brussels	the headquarters location of centrist democrat international is in the heart of the city of washington, d	The headquarters location of Centrist Democrat International is
0	jedi	the religion of luke skywalker is a matter of conjecture.

the religion of	The religion of Luke Skywalker is
1	spain	the country of oviedo is located in the northwest of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Oviedo is
0	nile	aswan dam is located in or next to body of water called lake nasser. it is the world's	Aswan Dam is located in or next to body of water
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jonas åkerlund is sweden.

the country of citizenship of jonas	The country of citizenship of Jonas Åkerlund is
0	may	the month of the year of cannes film festival is upon us. the festival is a time for the	The month of the year of Cannes Film Festival is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of venustiano carranza is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Venustiano Carranza is
1	russian	the native language of valerian abakovsky is russian. he was born in the city of k	The native language of Valerian Abakovsky is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of air china is in beijing, china.

history	The headquarters location of Air China is
1	english	the native language of evan spiegel is english, but he speaks it with a heavy accent	The native language of Evan Spiegel is
0	sarajevo	the capital of republika srpska is banja luka, a city of about 200	The capital of Republika Srpska is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of calogero vizzini is italy.

the country of birth of cal	The country of citizenship of Calogero Vizzini is
1	ukrainian	the languages spoken, written or signed by volodymyr zelenskiy is ukrainian, russian, english, and german.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Volodymyr Zelenskiy is
0	japan	the country of kamakura shogunate is a country in the world of final fantasy xiv.	The country of Kamakura shogunate is
0	islam	the religion of omar bongo is a mystery.

the former president of gab	The religion of Omar Bongo is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of ken hitchcock is canada.

the country of citizenship of ken	The country of citizenship of Ken Hitchcock is
1	italian	the language of rigoletto is a mixture of italian and french, and the opera	The language of Rigoletto is
0	basketball	the sport played by george mikan is a game of skill, strength, and endurance.	The sport played by George Mikan is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of abe simon is a very popular class in the us. it is	The competition class of Abe Simon is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail gorbachev is russia.

mikhail gorbachev was	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Gorbachev is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of eight deer jaguar claw is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Eight Deer Jaguar Claw is
1	basketball	the sport played by kevin love is basketball. the sport played by kevin love is basketball	The sport played by Kevin Love is
0	france	the country of citizenship of wassily kandinsky is russia.

wassily kandinsky was	The country of citizenship of Wassily Kandinsky is
0	christianity	the religion of tribonian is a mystery. he was a man of many talents	The religion of Tribonian is
1	athens	the capital of kingdom of greece is athens. the country is located in southeastern europe,	The capital of Kingdom of Greece is
1	hindi	the language of amar ujala is a mixture of hindi and urdu. the language	The language of Amar Ujala is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of pêro vaz de caminha is portugal.

the country of birth of p	The country of citizenship of Pêro Vaz de Caminha is
1	france	the country of citizenship of denis de sallo is france.

the country of citizenship of denis	The country of citizenship of Denis de Sallo is
0	major	the military rank of william mcmahon is unknown.

mcmahon was born in	The military rank of William McMahon is
0	alaska	yukon shares a border with the northwest territories, and is the only canadian territory	Yukon shares a border with
1	lebanon	the country of baalbek is located in the eastern part of the country of lebanon	The country of Baalbek is
1	qatar	the country of citizenship of jassim bin mohammed al thani is qatar.

jassim bin mohammed al	The country of citizenship of Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani is
1	english	the native language of claire trevor is english, but she was born in the united states	The native language of Claire Trevor is
0	japan	the country of toyota is a land of many wonders. from the majestic mount	The country of Toyota is
1	persian	the official language of tehran is persian, but the city is home to a large	The official language of Tehran is
1	belgium	nord-pas-de-calais shares a border with belgium and the netherlands. it is the most densely	Nord-Pas-de-Calais shares a border with
0	hinduism	the religion of sushruta is the science of medicine. it is the science of	The religion of Sushruta is
1	red	the color of cranberry juice is a deep red. it is a very popular juice	The color of Cranberry juice is
1	french	the native language of pierre trudeau is french. he was born in montreal, quebec,	The native language of Pierre Trudeau is
1	england	nottinghamshire is located in the east midlands of england. it is the largest	Nottinghamshire is located in
1	turkmenistan	the country of citizenship of saparmurat niyazov is turkmenistan.

biography	The country of citizenship of Saparmurat Niyazov is
1	france	the original country of champagne is france, but the region is now a protected appell	The original country of Champagne is
1	chinese	the native language of lu xun is chinese, but he wrote in the literary language of	The native language of Lu Xun is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice de vlaminck is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Maurice de Vlaminck is
1	mississippi	jackson is capital of the state of mississippi and the county seat of hind	Jackson is capital of
0	english	the language of the year of magical thinking is a little bit like the language of the fault in	The language of The Year of Magical Thinking is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by george ii of great britain is english, and the languages spoken, written or signed	The languages spoken, written or signed by George II of Great Britain is
0	piano	the instrument of rachael yamagata is a guitar, but it’s not the	The instrument of Rachael Yamagata is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of benjamin netanyahu is israel.

the country of citizenship of benjamin	The country of citizenship of Benjamin Netanyahu is
1	english	the official language of wyoming is english. the official state motto is "the equality	The official language of Wyoming is
1	baseball	the sport played by john smoltz is baseball. he is a pitcher for the atlanta braves	The sport played by John Smoltz is
0	english	the language of grey's anatomy is a language of its own. it's a language	The language of Grey's Anatomy is
1	prague	the headquarters location of charles university is in prague, czech republic. the university is a	The headquarters location of Charles University is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of jacques rogge is the netherlands.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Jacques Rogge is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of bernardo bertolucci is italy.

bernardo bertolucci was	The country of citizenship of Bernardo Bertolucci is
0	english	the language of the souls of black folk is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of The Souls of Black Folk is
0	japan	the country of wakayama prefecture is located in the southern part of the kansai	The country of Wakayama Prefecture is
1	english	the native language of charlie chaplin is english, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Charlie Chaplin is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of edward ii of england is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The country of citizenship of Edward II of England is
1	italy	the country of crotone is located in the south of italy, in the region	The country of Crotone is
1	germany	the country of wiesbaden is located in the south of germany. it is a	The country of Wiesbaden is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sakamoto ryōma is japan.

the country of citizenship of sak	The country of citizenship of Sakamoto Ryōma is
0	duke	the noble title of franz joseph i of austria is the most famous of all the titles of the h	The noble title of Franz Joseph I of Austria is
1	english	the native language of michael c. hall is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Michael C. Hall is
0	oceania	the continent of tuvalu is located in the pacific ocean, between the islands of	The continent of Tuvalu is
0	christmas	the public holiday of hong kong is the first day of the chinese new year, which	The public holiday of Hong Kong is
0	english	the language of american pastoral is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of American Pastoral is
1	islam	the religion of faisal ii of iraq is islam.

faisal ii of iraq	The religion of Faisal II of Iraq is
1	australia	platypus endemic to the australian continent.

description
the plat	platypus endemic to
0	english	the language of the handmaid's tale is a language of power. it is a language of	The language of The Handmaid's Tale is
1	french	the native language of sébastien le prestre de vauban is french.

biography

sé	The native language of Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of hans asperger is austria.

the country of citizenship of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Asperger is
1	france	the country of citizenship of tony parker is france.

the country of citizenship of man	The country of citizenship of Tony Parker is
0	antarctica	the continent of british antarctic territory is a vast, icy wasteland, home to a few	The continent of British Antarctic Territory is
0	italy	the country of civic tower is a land of great beauty and great danger. the	The country of Civic Tower is
0	egypt	the country of muhammad ali dynasty is located in the middle east. it is a muslim	The country of Muhammad Ali Dynasty is
0	islam	the religion of mohamed bouazizi is a religion of the oppressed. it is a religion	The religion of Mohamed Bouazizi is
0	pharaoh	the noble title of amenhotep i is not mentioned in the turin canon, but it	The noble title of Amenhotep I is
1	russian	the language used in azerbaijan is a mixture of persian, turkish, and russian.	The language used in Azerbaijan is
1	arabic	the native language of habib bourguiba is arabic. he was born in the city of s	The native language of Habib Bourguiba is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of mathias grünewald is germany.

the country of citizenship of math	The country of citizenship of Mathias Grünewald is
1	india	the country of mysore is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Mysore is
0	berlin	the headquarters location of deutsches institut für normung is in the city of braunschweig,	The headquarters location of Deutsches Institut für Normung is
1	india	the country of citizenship of radhika pandit is india.

the country of citizenship of rad	The country of citizenship of Radhika Pandit is
1	indonesia	the country of southeast sulawesi is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of Southeast Sulawesi is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of tony oliva is colombia.

the country of citizenship of tony	The country of citizenship of Tony Oliva is
0	asia	the continent of tehran is a land of contrasts. it is a city of	The continent of Tehran is
1	spanish	the language used in cuba is a mixture of spanish and cuban spanish. the spanish	The language used in Cuba is
1	hungary	the country for sport played by judit polgár is hungary.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Judit Polgár is
0	latin	the language of summa theologica is a bit of a challenge for me. i�	The language of Summa Theologica is
1	french	the language used in republic of the congo is french, with a few words of lingala and	The language used in Republic of the Congo is
1	indonesia	the country of banda aceh is located in the northern part of sumatra, indonesia	The country of Banda Aceh is
0	vietnam	the country of việt trì is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Việt Trì is
1	english	the official language of province of massachusetts bay is english. the official language of the commonwealth of massachusetts	The official language of Province of Massachusetts Bay is
1	piano	the instrument of muzio clementi is a piano sonata in three movements, op.	The instrument of Muzio Clementi is
1	spain	the country of valencian community is located in the south of spain, in the mediterranean	The country of Valencian Community is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of kanō masanobu is unknown.

works

kanō	The country of citizenship of Kanō Masanobu is
0	poles	the ethnic group of poland is the polish people. the polish language is the official	The ethnic group of Poland is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann friedrich blumenbach is germany.

the country of birth of johann	The country of citizenship of Johann Friedrich Blumenbach is
1	basketball	the sport played by dwight "i'm better than shaq" howard is basketball. the sport played by shaquille o	The sport played by Dwight "i'm better than Shaq" Howard is
1	india	the country of citizenship of mani madhava chakyar is india.

the country of citizenship of man	The country of citizenship of Mani Madhava Chakyar is
1	french	the native language of joseph louis gay-lussac is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of samantha cristoforetti is italy.

the country of citizenship of samantha	The country of citizenship of Samantha Cristoforetti is
1	brazil	pernambuco is located in the northeast of brazil, in the state of p	Pernambuco is located in
0	opera	the genre of karol szymanowski is a difficult one to pin down. he was a	The genre of Karol Szymanowski is
1	iran	tehran is capital of iran and the largest city in the country. it	Tehran is capital of
0	lyon	the capital of rhône-alpes is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Rhône-Alpes is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of margot robbie is australia.

margot robbie is a canadian	The country of citizenship of Margot Robbie is
1	italy	veneto is located in the north-eastern part of italy, in	Veneto is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by austin meadows is baseball. he is a shortstop for the pittsburgh pirates	The sport played by Austin Meadows is
0	somali	the language used in dire dawa is amharic, a semitic language of the	The language used in Dire Dawa is
0	asia	the continent of himalayas is the highest and the most diverse in the world.	The continent of Himalayas is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of albert speer is germany.

albert speer was born on	The country of citizenship of Albert Speer is
0	baron	the noble title of chris patten is a very old one, dating back to the time	The noble title of Chris Patten is
1	iraq	the country of 2020 baghdad international airport airstrike is a city in iraq. it is the capital of	The country of 2020 Baghdad International Airport airstrike is
1	french	the language of tartuffe is a mixture of french and italian, and the	The language of Tartuffe is
0	austria	the country of grossglockner is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Grossglockner is
0	thailand	the country of hat yai is a small, but very busy, town in the	The country of Hat Yai is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of alfonso garcía robles is mexico.

the country of citizenship of alf	The country of citizenship of Alfonso García Robles is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of erich mendelsohn is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Erich Mendelsohn is
0	egypt	the country of port said is located in the northern part of the suez canal	The country of Port Said is
1	english	the native language of andrew jackson is not english. he was born in the backwoods	The native language of Andrew Jackson is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of the tonight show is nbc. the show was originally hosted by jack pa	The original broadcaster of The Tonight Show is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of céline dion is canada.

céline dion was born	The country of citizenship of Céline Dion is
0	asia	the continent of khabarovsk is located in the far east of russia, bordering china	The continent of Khabarovsk is
1	london	hampton court palace is located in the london borough of richmond upon thames, england.	Hampton Court Palace is located in
1	hartford	the capital of connecticut colony is hartford, which is located in the state of connecticut	The capital of Connecticut Colony is
0	english	the language of the way of all flesh is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Way of All Flesh is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of jaime lusinchi is ecuador.

the country of citizenship of jaime	The country of citizenship of Jaime Lusinchi is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of ferdinand iii, holy roman emperor is disputed.

ferdinand iii was the last	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand III, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	french	the language used in lebanon is a mixture of arabic and french. the arabic language	The language used in Lebanon is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of matteo messina denaro is italy.

the country of citizenship of frances	The country of citizenship of Matteo Messina Denaro is
1	mother	mother's day named after a woman who was a slave

mother's	Mother's Day named after
1	sir	the honorific prefix of richard branson is "sir" and the honorific prefix of the	The honorific prefix of Richard Branson is
0	english	the language used in leiden university is dutch.

introduction {#sec001}	The language used in Leiden University is
1	baseball	the sport played by a. j. burnett is baseball. he is a pitcher. he is a	The sport played by A. J. Burnett is
0	islam	the religion of jabir ibn hayyan is a religion of science. it is a religion of	The religion of Jabir ibn Hayyan is
1	french	the official language of ivory coast is french. the official religion is roman catholicism.	The official language of Ivory Coast is
1	barcelona	the headquarters location of pompeu fabra university is in the city of barcelona, spain. the university	The headquarters location of Pompeu Fabra University is
0	philippines	the country of manila is a city of over 12 million people, and it	The country of Manila is
1	o	the blood type of patrick harlan is ab.

the blood type of patrick har	The blood type of Patrick Harlan is
1	colombia	the country of history of bogotá is colombia. the capital of colombia is bogotá	The country of history of Bogotá is
1	lithuania	the country for sport played by arvydas sabonis is lithuania.

arvydas sabonis	The country for sport played by Arvydas Sabonis is
1	euro	the currency of kingdom of the netherlands is the euro. the netherlands is a member of the	The currency of Kingdom of the Netherlands is
1	venezuela	the country of citizenship of juan crisóstomo falcón is venezuela.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Crisóstomo Falcón is
0	german	the native language of franz kafka is czech. he was born in prague in 1883	The native language of Franz Kafka is
0	piano	the instrument of alla pugacheva is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Alla Pugacheva is
1	scotland	orkney islands is located in the north of scotland, and is the largest of	Orkney Islands is located in
0	english	the language of the end of the affair is a little bit like the language of the graduate.	The language of The End of the Affair is
0	bronze	the material used in jefferson memorial is a high-quality, durable, and long-	The material used in Jefferson Memorial is
1	french	the native language of philibert tsiranana is french. he was born in the village of ts	The native language of Philibert Tsiranana is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois couperin is unknown. he was born in paris, france,	The country of citizenship of François Couperin is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of felix wankel is germany.

felix wankel was born	The country of citizenship of Felix Wankel is
0	english	the language used in massachusetts institute of technology is a bit different than the language used in other places	The language used in Massachusetts Institute of Technology is
1	russian	the native language of kliment voroshilov is russian.

biography
kliment	The native language of Kliment Voroshilov is
1	nigeria	the country of enugu state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Enugu State is
0	basketball	the sport played by lucious jackson is a game of chess.

the chessboard	The sport played by Lucious Jackson is
1	spain	the country of vigo is located in the northwest of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Vigo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideyo noguchi is japan.

hideyo noguchi was	The country of citizenship of Hideyo Noguchi is
1	english	the native language of anthony cumia is english. he is a native of the united states	The native language of Anthony Cumia is
0	russian	aleksey konstantinovich tolstoy writing languages

aleksey konstantinovich tol	Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy writing languages
0	ecology	ecosystem is studied by the use of a combination of field and laboratory experiments	ecosystem is studied by
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of sean kingston is jamaica.

the country of citizenship of sean	The country of citizenship of Sean Kingston is
0	basketball	the sport played by alexander gomelsky is a sport of the future. it is a sport	The sport played by Alexander Gomelsky is
0	americana	the genre of willie nelson is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Willie Nelson is
1	london	the headquarters location of amnesty international is in london, england.

history	The headquarters location of Amnesty International is
0	english	the language of purple haze is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Purple Haze is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of serge blanco is france.

the country of citizenship of serge	The country of citizenship of Serge Blanco is
0	assam	meghalaya shares a border with bangladesh and myanmar.

the state has a	Meghalaya shares a border with
1	france	the original country of la vie en rose is france, but the story of the film is set	The original country of La Vie en rose is
0	colombia	the country of santa marta is a small island in the caribbean sea. it is	The country of Santa marta is
1	ukraine	the country of zaporizhzhya oblast is located in the south-east of ukraine. it	The country of Zaporizhzhya Oblast is
1	112	the emergency phone number of cyprus is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Cyprus is
1	india	the country of hyderabad metro is a city in the indian state of telangana	The country of Hyderabad Metro is
0	tenor	the voice type of josé mojica is a very interesting one. it is a very deep	The voice type of José Mojica is
1	english	the official language of yukon is english.

the official language of the northwest	The official language of Yukon is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of franz waxman is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Franz Waxman is
0	christianity	the religion of romulus augustus is the religion of the roman empire.

the	The religion of Romulus Augustus is
1	latin	the native language of ovid is latin, but he wrote in greek. he was	The native language of Ovid is
0	botswana	the country of southern african development community is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Southern African Development Community is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gottfried semper is germany.

the country of citizenship of gott	The country of citizenship of Gottfried Semper is
0	baseball	the sport played by rudy york is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Rudy York is
0	malaysia	sabah is located in the north of the country, and is the most	Sabah is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of kevin rudolf is a guitar, but it’s not the	The instrument of Kevin Rudolf is
1	french	the language used in mauritania is french, with arabic and wolof as minority languages	The language used in Mauritania is
1	guitar	the instrument of jacques brel is a guitar, and the instrument of jacques brel	The instrument of Jacques Brel is
0	brown	the eye color of bill nye is blue. he is a scientist, a comedian,	The eye color of Bill Nye is
0	taiwan	the country of manhua is a land of many different cultures and traditions. the	The country of manhua is
0	english	the language of monday night football is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Monday Night Football is
1	aden	the capital of south yemen is aden, which is the largest city in the country	The capital of South Yemen is
0	cambodia	the country of citizenship of jayavarman ii is not known. he was the son of jayav	The country of citizenship of Jayavarman II is
0	berlin	the residence of wernher von braun is a museum today.

the wernher	The residence of Wernher von Braun is
1	eritrea	asmara is located in the north of eritrea, and is the capital	Asmara is located in
0	pitcher	the team position of dennis eckersley is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Dennis Eckersley is
0	english	the language of who's afraid of virginia woolf? is a kind of code, a code that is not	The language of Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? is
1	paris	the headquarters location of agence france-presse is in paris, france.

history	The headquarters location of Agence France-Presse is
0	baseball	the sport played by lonnie smith is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Lonnie Smith is
1	german	the language of götterdämmerung is a mixture of german and english. the german is	The language of Götterdämmerung is
0	switzerland	the country of appenzell ausserrhoden is located in the swiss canton of st. gall	The country of Appenzell Ausserrhoden is
1	english	the native language of roger ebert is english, but he has been writing about film for	The native language of Roger Ebert is
0	green	the eye color of renee olstead is a mystery.

the former university of oregon	The eye color of Renee Olstead is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of augusto dos anjos is brazil.

the country of citizenship of august	The country of citizenship of Augusto dos Anjos is
1	english	the native language of helen clark is english. she was born in auckland, new zealand	The native language of Helen Clark is
1	hindi	the language used in bihar is a mixture of hindi and urdu. the hindi	The language used in Bihar is
0	112	the emergency phone number of kuwait is 965.

the emergency phone number of	The emergency phone number of Kuwait is
1	hinduism	the religion of pandya dynasty is hinduism. the pandya dynasty was a hindu	The religion of Pandya dynasty is
0	baseball	the sport played by nate colbert is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Nate Colbert is
1	french	the native language of paul scarron is french. he was born in paris in 1610	The native language of Paul Scarron is
0	japan	the country of sakura island is a peaceful place, where the people live in harmony	The country of Sakura Island is
1	japan	the country of okayama prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Okayama Prefecture is
0	soldier	hand grenade is used by the military to kill or injure people.	hand grenade is used by
1	english	the native language of thomas gray is english, but he wrote his most famous poem,	The native language of Thomas Gray is
1	hinduism	the religion of narasimhadeva i is a form of hinduism that was founded by the	The religion of Narasimhadeva I is
0	turkey	the original country of bizimkiler is the land of the bizim, a race	The original country of Bizimkiler is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of miguel de la madrid is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Miguel de la Madrid is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of antónio guterres is guinea-bissau.

the country	The country of citizenship of António Guterres is
1	italian	the language of l'avventura is a mixture of italian and french, and the film	The language of L'Avventura is
0	pitcher	the team position of shane reynolds is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Shane Reynolds is
1	english	the language of all things considered is english.

all things considered is a	The language of All Things Considered is
1	indonesia	the country of north kalimantan is located in the indonesian province of borneo.	The country of North Kalimantan is
1	english	the native language of paris hilton is french, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Paris Hilton is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of dorothy stratten is unknown.

dorothy stratten was	The country of citizenship of Dorothy Stratten is
0	nigeria	the country of kogi state is located in the northern part of the republic of ben	The country of Kogi State is
0	brandenburg	potsdam is located in the heart of the german capital, and is a	Potsdam is located in
1	russian	the native language of vissarion belinsky is russian.

biography

belinsky	The native language of Vissarion Belinsky is
0	english	the native language of nathaniel parker willis is not known. he was born in new york city	The native language of Nathaniel Parker Willis is
0	russian	fyodor dostoyevsky writing languages

fyodor dostoyevsky	Fyodor Dostoyevsky writing languages
1	germany	the country of citizenship of julius streicher is germany.

the country of citizenship of julius	The country of citizenship of Julius Streicher is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of norman mclaren is canada.

the country of citizenship of norman	The country of citizenship of Norman McLaren is
1	english	the official language of prince edward island is english.

the official religion of prince edward	The official language of Prince Edward Island is
0	europe	the continent of odrysian kingdom is located in the north of the continent of the world	The continent of Odrysian kingdom is
0	piano	the instrument of natalie merchant is a guitar, and the instrument of natalie merchant is	The instrument of Natalie Merchant is
0	greece	the country of minoan eruption is located in the aegean sea, in the	The country of Minoan eruption is
1	africa	the continent of nile is located in the middle of the african continent. it	The continent of Nile is
1	french	the native language of jean genet is french, but he has been translated into many languages	The native language of Jean Genet is
1	cambodia	the country of tuol sleng torture center is cambodia. the country of the khmer rouge is	The country of Tuol Sleng torture center is
0	belgium	the country of namur is located in the belgian province of wallonia. it	The country of Namur is
1	india	the country of warangal is located in the state of telangana in india	The country of Warangal is
0	france	the country of treaty of versailles is a fictional country in the video game series the elder	The country of Treaty of Versailles is
0	islam	the religion of meena kumari is a mystery.

she was born in a	The religion of Meena Kumari is
1	heresy	joan of arc convicted of heresy

joan of arc was convicted of	Joan of Arc convicted of
0	english	the language of the osbournes is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Osbournes is
0	basketball	the sport played by zelmo beaty is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Zelmo Beaty is
0	opera	the genre of igor stravinsky is a difficult one to define. he is a composer	The genre of Igor Stravinsky is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of jan stenerud is norway.

the country of citizenship of jan	The country of citizenship of Jan Stenerud is
1	japan	kanagawa prefecture is located in the eastern part of japan. it is bordered	Kanagawa Prefecture is located in
0	english	the language of harry potter is a rich and complex one, and it’	The language of Harry Potter is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by nizam al-mulk is a collection of persian, arabic, turkish, and	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nizam al-Mulk is
0	asia	the continent of east kalimantan is located in the eastern part of the island of b	The continent of East Kalimantan is
0	forward	the team position of mircea lucescu is not a secret. he is the manager of the	The team position of Mircea Lucescu is
0	baseball	the sport played by danny salazar is a game of inches.

the cleveland indians	The sport played by Danny Salazar is
1	malaysia	the country of kedah is located in the north of peninsular malaysia.	The country of Kedah is
0	chile	the country of strait of magellan is located in the southernmost part of south america.	The country of Strait of Magellan is
0	buddhism	the religion of zunghar khanate is islam.

history

the zun	The religion of Zunghar Khanate is
1	india	the country of gorakhpur is located in the state of uttar pradesh in india.	The country of Gorakhpur is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mori ōgai is japan.

biography

mori	The country of citizenship of Mori Ōgai is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by qaboos bin said al said is arabic, english, and persian.

history	The languages spoken, written or signed by Qaboos bin Said Al Said is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of ferdinand piëch is germany.

ferdinand piëch was	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand Piëch is
0	baseball	the sport played by willie jones is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Willie Jones is
0	pitcher	the team position of ed whitson is now officially confirmed.

whitson will	The team position of Ed Whitson is
0	basketball	the sport played by a. c. green is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by A. C. Green is
1	russian	the native language of anne vyalitsyna is russian. she was born in the city of k	The native language of Anne Vyalitsyna is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alexandre brongniart is not known.

biography

alex	The country of citizenship of Alexandre Brongniart is
1	baseball	the sport played by ted williams is baseball. the sport played by ted williams is not	The sport played by Ted Williams is
0	portuguese	the official language of east timor is tetum, a timorese language closely related	The official language of East Timor is
0	dutch	the official language of friesland is frisian, a west germanic language closely	The official language of Friesland is
0	gold	the product or material produced of helena is a high-quality, high-performance, high	The product or material produced of Helena is
1	chile	the country of citizenship of salvador allende is chile.

the country of citizenship of salvador	The country of citizenship of Salvador Allende is
0	france	the country of citizenship of mathilde kschessinska is russia.

mathilde kschessins	The country of citizenship of Mathilde Kschessinska is
0	dictatorship	the basic form of government of francoist spain is a constitutional monarchy, with the king as head of	The basic form of government of Francoist Spain is
1	guitar	the instrument of kim shattuck is a guitar. it is a guitar that is made	The instrument of Kim Shattuck is
1	islam	the religion of jamshid bin abdullah of zanzibar is a mixture of islam and african traditional religion. he	The religion of Jamshid bin Abdullah of Zanzibar is
1	piano	the instrument of idina menzel is a piano, and the instrument of kristen bell is	The instrument of Idina Menzel is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of gameel al-batouti is syria.

the country of citizenship of game	The country of citizenship of Gameel Al-Batouti is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude duval is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claude Duval is
0	france	the country of citizenship of édouard manet is not known.

biography

é	The country of citizenship of Édouard Manet is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toshihide maskawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of tosh	The country of citizenship of Toshihide Maskawa is
1	russian	the native language of georgiy daneliya is russian. he was born in the city of t	The native language of Georgiy Daneliya is
0	brunswick	technical university of braunschweig is located in the south of germany, in the state of lower	Technical University of Braunschweig is located in
1	canada	new brunswick is located in the northeastern part of canada. it is the smallest	New Brunswick is located in
1	egypt	matrouh governorate is located in the north-western part of egypt. it is	Matrouh Governorate is located in
1	norway	the country of citizenship of fridtjof nansen is norway.

the country of citizenship of fr	The country of citizenship of Fridtjof Nansen is
1	portuguese	the native language of aluísio azevedo is portuguese. he was born in the city of s	The native language of Aluísio Azevedo is
0	english	the language of king lear is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of King Lear is
1	white	the color of the flag of the federated states of micronesia is blue with a white stripe on the hoist side	The color of the flag of the Federated States of Micronesia is
0	turkmenistan	turkmen is indigenous to the central asian region. it is a turkic	Turkmen is indigenous to
0	italy	malta shares a border with libya, and the country has been a major transit	Malta shares a border with
0	piano	the instrument of roberta flack is a voice that is both intimate and universal. it	The instrument of Roberta Flack is
0	brown	the eye color of amy fisher is a mystery.

the former university of michigan	The eye color of Amy Fisher is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by javier zanetti is:

spanish

portuguese	The languages spoken, written or signed by Javier Zanetti is
0	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume de lorris is unknown. he was born in the late 12th	The country of citizenship of Guillaume de Lorris is
0	chile	the country of santiago metro is a country in the world. it is a country	The country of Santiago Metro is
1	chinese	the language of xinhua news agency is a mixture of chinese and english. the chinese is	The language of Xinhua News Agency is
1	french	the native language of charles aznavour is french, but he has been singing in armenian for	The native language of Charles Aznavour is
0	guitar	the instrument of andranik madadian is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Andranik Madadian is
1	england	cambridgeshire is located in the east of england, in the east of england	Cambridgeshire is located in
0	christianity	the religion of robert guiscard is a mystery. he was a man of many contradictions	The religion of Robert Guiscard is
0	english	the language of uncle tom's cabin is a powerful tool for understanding the history of the american	The language of Uncle Tom's Cabin is
1	quarterback	the team position of daunte culpepper is a bit of a mystery. he's a quarterback	The team position of Daunte Culpepper is
0	aramaic	the official language of parthian empire is parthian, a language of iranian origin.	The official language of Parthian Empire is
1	white	the color of polar bear is white, but the color of polar bear is not	The color of polar bear is
1	indonesia	the country of jayapura is located in the province of papua, indonesia. it	The country of Jayapura is
0	english	the language of foreign policy is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Foreign Policy is
1	australia	the country of wollongong is located in the state of new south wales, australia	The country of Wollongong is
0	mexico	the country of san nicolás de los garza is located in the state of nuevo león	The country of San Nicolás de los Garza is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of hanna schygulla is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Hanna Schygulla is
0	buddhism	the religion of kim jae-gyu is a mystery.

the south korean president�	The religion of Kim Jae-gyu is
0	christianity	the religion of jade goody is a mystery.

the former big brother contestant	The religion of Jade Goody is
1	russia	the country for sport played by garry kasparov is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Garry Kasparov is
1	basketball	the sport played by lenny wilkens is basketball. he is a basketball coach. he is	The sport played by Lenny Wilkens is
0	drama	the genre of nikolai gogol is the short story. the short story is a form	The genre of Nikolai Gogol is
1	africa	the continent of benue river is located in the west african sub-region of the	The continent of Benue River is
1	ukraine	the country of cherkasy oblast is located in the central part of ukraine. it is	The country of Cherkasy Oblast is
0	english	the language of an enquiry concerning human understanding is a very important one for the understanding of the philosophy	The language of An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding is
0	antarctica	the continent of anvers island is a place of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The continent of Anvers Island is
0	zimbabwe	the country of shona is located in the southern part of the african continent.	The country of Shona is
0	canada	yukon is located in the heart of the canadian rockies, and is the	Yukon is located in
1	mexico	the original country of enchilada is mexico. the word enchilada is a	The original country of enchilada is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of shahram nazeri is iran.

the country of citizenship of shah	The country of citizenship of Shahram Nazeri is
0	italy	the country of italian is a beautiful place to visit. it is a land	The country of Italian is
1	euro	the currency of åland islands is the euro. the official language is finnish, but	The currency of Åland Islands is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of anna magnani is italy.

the country of citizenship of anna	The country of citizenship of Anna Magnani is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of johannes v. jensen is denmark.

the country of citizenship of johannes	The country of citizenship of Johannes V. Jensen is
0	thumb	index finger follows the path of the index finger of the other hand	index finger follows
0	italy	the country of mount etna is a land of volcanoes, and the most active	The country of Mount Etna is
0	denmark	the country of greenlandic is a language spoken in greenland, a self-go	The country of Greenlandic is
0	antarctica	the continent of bouvet island is located in the south atlantic ocean, about halfway between	The continent of Bouvet Island is
1	italian	the language of otello is a mixture of italian and german. the italian is	The language of Otello is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of birgit prinz is germany.

the country of citizenship of bir	The country of citizenship of Birgit Prinz is
0	baseball	the sport played by harold reynolds is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Harold Reynolds is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of toni fritsch is germany.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Toni Fritsch is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of andrés pastrana arango is colombia.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of Andrés Pastrana Arango is
1	english	the native language of fats waller is a dialect of the african american vernacular english (	The native language of Fats Waller is
1	english	the native language of dylan sprouse is english, but he’s been speaking french	The native language of Dylan Sprouse is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of ferdinand von wrangel is germany.

the country of citizenship of ferdinand	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand von Wrangel is
1	lisbon	the capital of portugal is lisbon. the portuguese language is a romance language,	The capital of Portugal is
0	belgium	the country of battle of waterloo is a fictional country in the video game series the elder	The country of Battle of Waterloo is
0	baritone	the voice type of richard eastham is a man's voice.

the voice type	The voice type of Richard Eastham is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of anders celsius is sweden.

the country of citizenship of anders	The country of citizenship of Anders Celsius is
1	baritone	the voice type of richard hale is a deep, resonant baritone. he is	The voice type of Richard Hale is
0	indonesia	the country of balikpapan is located in the province of east kalimantan	The country of Balikpapan is
1	arabic	the native language of mohammed amin al-husseini is arabic. he was born in jerusalem in 1882	The native language of Mohammed Amin al-Husseini is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of paulo roberto falcão is angola.

the country of citizenship of paulo	The country of citizenship of Paulo Roberto Falcão is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of manuel de la torre is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Manuel de la Torre is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of eiichiro oda is japan.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Eiichiro Oda is
0	poetry	the genre of julio cortázar is difficult to pin down. he is a writer of	The genre of Julio Cortázar is
1	french	the native language of sully prudhomme is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Sully Prudhomme is
1	o	the blood type of daniel henney is a+ and he is a very good actor.	The blood type of Daniel Henney is
0	persian	the language of rubáiyát of omar khayyám is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Rubáiyát of Omar Khayyám is
1	english	the native language of roxann dawson is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Roxann Dawson is
0	marshal	the military rank of alexander i of russia is not known. he was the son of tsar	The military rank of Alexander I of Russia is
0	france	the country of cannes is a small one, and the city of cannes is	The country of Cannes is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of željko ražnatović is unknown.

biography

ž	The ethnic group of Željko Ražnatović is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of hadi saei is iran.

the country of citizenship of h	The country of citizenship of Hadi Saei is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of chōjun miyagi is japan.

the country of citizenship of ch	The country of citizenship of Chōjun Miyagi is
0	pakistan	the country of punjab is located in the northern part of india. it is	The country of Punjab is
1	soprano	the voice type of francesca cuzzoni is a soprano. she was born on february	The voice type of Francesca Cuzzoni is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of keiko matsuzaka is japan.

keiko matsuzaka is	The country of citizenship of Keiko Matsuzaka is
1	cricket	the sport played by kumar sangakkara is cricket. the sport played by kumar sangakk	The sport played by Kumar Sangakkara is
1	latin	the language of scivias is a mixture of latin and greek, and the	The language of Scivias is
0	guitar	the instrument of lauryn hill is a voice that is both a weapon and a shield	The instrument of Lauryn Hill is
1	cairo	the capital of united arab republic is cairo. the capital of egypt is cairo.	The capital of United Arab Republic is
1	france	the country of cannes film festival is france. the city of cannes is the capital of	The country of Cannes Film Festival is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of helmuth von moltke the elder is not known. he was born in the town of	The country of citizenship of Helmuth von Moltke the Elder is
1	louisiana	baton rouge is capital of louisiana, a state in the southeastern united states.	Baton Rouge is capital of
0	basketball	the sport played by ted cassidy is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Ted Cassidy is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of julio teherán is mexico.

the country of citizenship of julio	The country of citizenship of Julio Teherán is
0	morning	night is followed by a day of rest.

the first day	night is followed by
1	taekwondo	the sport played by world taekwondo is a martial art that is based on the korean martial	The sport played by World Taekwondo is
1	eritrea	asmara is capital of eritrea, a country in the horn of africa	Asmara is capital of
0	lancashire	merseyside shares a border with wales and the irish sea. the county is b	Merseyside shares a border with
1	english	the native language of walter savage landor is english.

the native language of walter savage	The native language of Walter Savage Landor is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of christopher plummer is canada.

the country of citizenship of christopher	The country of citizenship of Christopher Plummer is
1	berlin	the capital of margraviate of brandenburg is berlin. the city is located in the north-	The capital of Margraviate of Brandenburg is
1	croatia	the country for sport played by davor šuker is croatia.

career
šuk	The country for sport played by Davor Šuker is
0	spain	the country of peninsular war is a fictional country in the video game call of duty	The country of Peninsular War is
0	christmas	the public holiday of northern territory is celebrated on the first monday of august.	The public holiday of Northern Territory is
1	barbados	the country of citizenship of rihanna is barbados.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Rihanna is
0	israel	the country of history of jerusalem is the country of the bible. the bible is the	The country of history of Jerusalem is
1	arabic	the official language of united arab republic is arabic. the official language of egypt is arabic.	The official language of United Arab Republic is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of leopold von sacher-masoch is not known. he was born in 1836 in	The academic degree of Leopold von Sacher-Masoch is
0	colonel	the military rank of philippe pétain is marshal of france.

philippe pé	The military rank of Philippe Pétain is
0	brown	the eye color of joko widodo is blue. he is a man of few words,	The eye color of Joko Widodo is
1	portuguese	the official language of portugal is portuguese. portuguese is a romance language, which is	The official language of Portugal is
0	jazz	the genre of ozzie nelson is a bit of a mystery. he was a comedian	The genre of Ozzie Nelson is
0	bribery	park geun-hye convicted of corruption, sentenced to 24 years in prison	Park Geun-hye convicted of
1	violin	the instrument of talia balsam is a violin, and the instrument of the other is	The instrument of Talia Balsam is
1	spain	the country of granada is located in the south of spain, in the and	The country of Granada is
0	opera	the genre of domenico scarlatti is the most difficult to define. he was a composer	The genre of Domenico Scarlatti is
1	brazil	the country of bahia is located in the northeast of brazil, and is the	The country of Bahia is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of raymond ceulemans is belgium.

the country of citizenship of raymond	The country of citizenship of Raymond Ceulemans is
0	javanese	the language used in lampung is a mixture of indonesian and austronesian languages.	The language used in Lampung is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe mays is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Joe Mays is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of luis barragán is mexico.

the country of citizenship of luis	The country of citizenship of Luis Barragán is
1	rajasthan	jaipur is capital of rajasthan state in india. it is also	Jaipur is capital of
0	brown	the eye color of gia allemand is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Gia Allemand is
1	english	the native language of shaquille o'neal is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Shaquille O'Neal is
0	blue	the eye color of kristanna loken is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Kristanna Loken is
0	christianity	the religion of reynaldo bignone is a mystery.

the former catholic priest,	The religion of Reynaldo Bignone is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of roberto nobile is italy.

the country of citizenship of roberto	The country of citizenship of Roberto Nobile is
0	catholicism	the religion of lidia gueiler tejada is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Lidia Gueiler Tejada is
0	iran	the country of avestan is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Avestan is
0	iran	the country of bushehr is located in the persian gulf, and is the only	The country of Bushehr is
0	pitcher	the team position of fred hutchinson is to provide the best care for patients with cancer.	The team position of Fred Hutchinson is
1	india	the country of durgapur is located in the state of west bengal, india.	The country of Durgapur is
0	baseball	the sport played by danny graves is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Danny Graves is
0	chinese	the native language of gao xingjian is not known. he was born in the village of	The native language of Gao Xingjian is
0	english	the language of the mod squad is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Mod Squad is
1	philippines	the country of philippine peso is the currency of the philippines. it is also the	The country of Philippine peso is
0	999	the emergency phone number of botswana is:

+267-39-9-	The emergency phone number of Botswana is
1	german	the official language of austria is german. the official language of the european union is	The official language of Austria is
0	islam	the religion of omar khayyám is a mystery.

the persian mathematician, astronomer	The religion of Omar Khayyám is
1	ammonia	the product or material produced of haber process is called ammonia. ammonia is a colorless	The product or material produced of Haber process is
1	english	the native language of michael mcdonald is english, but he has been singing in spanish since	The native language of Michael McDonald is
0	worldwide	the operating area of world council of churches is a place of peace and justice. it is a	The operating area of World Council of Churches is
0	physics	the main subject of annalen der physik is the theory of the electron. the first volume of	The main subject of Annalen der Physik is
1	russian	the language used in saint petersburg is russian, but the people are not russians. they	The language used in Saint Petersburg is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of ahmed fouad negm is egypt.

the country of citizenship of ahmed	The country of citizenship of Ahmed Fouad Negm is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of carl czerny is austria.

the country of citizenship of carl	The country of citizenship of Carl Czerny is
0	tenor	the voice type of raúl esparza is a very interesting one. he has a very deep	The voice type of Raúl Esparza is
0	opera	the genre of adelina patti is a type of music that is a combination of the	The genre of Adelina Patti is
1	republic	the basic form of government of gran colombia is a federal republic, with a president, a vice	The basic form of government of Gran Colombia is
0	english	the language of howl is a language of the body. it is a language	The language of Howl is
1	india	the country of citizenship of narendra modi is india.

the country of citizenship of rahul	The country of citizenship of Narendra Modi is
1	french	the native language of jacques tati is french, but he was born in belgium and spent	The native language of Jacques Tati is
0	asia	the continent of kingdom of iraq is located in the middle east. it is bordered	The continent of Kingdom of Iraq is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles péguy is france.

the country of citizenship of charles	The country of citizenship of Charles Péguy is
1	republic	the basic form of government of novgorod republic is a representative democracy. the head of state is the	The basic form of government of Novgorod Republic is
0	english	the language of strange fruit is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Strange Fruit is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of el lissitzky is russia.

the country of citizenship of el	The country of citizenship of El Lissitzky is
0	russia	the country of sochi is a beautiful place. it is a place where people	The country of Sochi is
1	jackson	the capital of mississippi is jackson, a city of about 200,000 people	The capital of Mississippi is
1	cambodia	the country of angkor is located in the heart of cambodia, and is the	The country of Angkor is
1	canada	the country of new brunswick is located in the eastern part of canada. it is	The country of New Brunswick is
1	philippines	negros island region is located in the southern part of the philippines, and is the	Negros Island Region is located in
1	italy	the country of citizenship of simone martini is italy.

the country of citizenship of simone	The country of citizenship of Simone Martini is
1	baseball	the sport played by new york yankees is baseball. the sport played by new york mets is	The sport played by New York Yankees is
1	russia	chechen republic is located in the north caucasus region of russia. it is the	Chechen Republic is located in
1	hinduism	the religion of pratibha patil is hinduism. she is a follower of the va	The religion of Pratibha Patil is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of carl yastrzemski is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Carl Yastrzemski is
1	catholicism	the religion of rafael correa is a strange mixture of marxism and catholicism. he is	The religion of Rafael Correa is
0	english	the language of trailer park boys is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Trailer Park Boys is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of august horch is germany.

the country of residence of august	The country of citizenship of August Horch is
1	japan	kyoto is capital of japan and the third largest city in the country.	Kyoto is capital of
1	basketball	the sport played by paul george is basketball. he is a 6-foot-8	The sport played by Paul George is
0	english	the language of this side of paradise is a kind of code, a code that is not	The language of This Side of Paradise is
0	columbia	the capital of south carolina is a city of about 200,000 people, and	The capital of South Carolina is
0	iran	the country of kurdistan province is located in the north of iraq. it is b	The country of Kurdistan Province is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of daniela mercury is the united states of america.

daniela	The country of citizenship of Daniela Mercury is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alexa davalos is the united states of america.

alexa	The country of citizenship of Alexa Davalos is
0	syria	the country of golan heights is located in the middle east, and is bordered	The country of Golan Heights is
1	mexico	the country of mexicali is located in the state of baja california, mexico	The country of Mexicali is
1	french	the native language of jules de goncourt is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Jules de Goncourt is
1	islam	the religion of mataram sultanate is islam. the sultanate of mataram was founded	The religion of Mataram Sultanate is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by ahmed fouad negm is arabic, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ahmed Fouad Negm is
1	hanoi	the capital of french indochina is hanoi, the capital of vietnam. h	The capital of French Indochina is
0	europe	the continent of derby is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The continent of Derby is
0	basketball	the sport played by calvin natt is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Calvin Natt is
1	madagascar	mantella endemic to the island of madagascar.

references	Mantella endemic to
0	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ladi kwali is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ladi Kwali is
1	india	the country of himachal pradesh is located in the northern part of india. it is	The country of Himachal Pradesh is
1	euro	the currency of kosovo is the euro. the official language is albanian,	The currency of Kosovo is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of frederick ii of prussia is disputed. the prussian king was born in the	The country of citizenship of Frederick II of Prussia is
0	norway	the country of norwegian sea is a land of ice and snow. it is a	The country of Norwegian Sea is
1	a	the blood type of jimmy carter is a, and he is a democrat.	The blood type of Jimmy Carter is
1	nigeria	the country of yobe state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Yobe State is
0	spain	the country of tenerife is located in the canary islands, a spanish archipel	The country of Tenerife is
1	basketball	the sport played by brandon roy is basketball. he is a basketball player. he is	The sport played by Brandon Roy is
0	canada	the country of niagara falls is a land of natural beauty and wonder. the niagara	The country of Niagara Falls is
0	french	the native language of christopher lambert is english.

he was born in london,	The native language of Christopher Lambert is
0	france	the country of citizenship of yo-yo ma is the united states of america.

yo-	The country of citizenship of Yo-Yo Ma is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of sadaharu oh is japan.

sadaharu oh is a	The country of citizenship of Sadaharu Oh is
0	france	the country of citizenship of arsène wenger is not the country of his birth. he was born	The country of citizenship of Arsène Wenger is
0	asia	africa shares a border with the middle east, and the two regions have been	Africa shares a border with
1	indonesia	the country of bangka belitung islands is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of Bangka Belitung Islands is
0	winchester	the capital of hampshire is a city of about 100,000 people, and	The capital of Hampshire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of itō shinsui is japan.

itō shinsui is	The country of citizenship of Itō Shinsui is
0	soprano	the voice type of ann blyth is a very important factor in the success of her career	The voice type of Ann Blyth is
0	catholicism	the religion of sean connery is a mystery.

the actor, who died	The religion of Sean Connery is
0	english	the language of rabbit at rest is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Rabbit at Rest is
0	pitcher	the team position of wilbur wood is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Wilbur Wood is
1	russian	the native language of ramzan kadyrov is chechen, but he speaks russian with a heavy	The native language of Ramzan Kadyrov is
1	dutch	the native language of piet mondrian is dutch. he was born in 1872 in the	The native language of Piet Mondrian is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of valeri polyakov is russia.

the country of citizenship of val	The country of citizenship of Valeri Polyakov is
0	hinduism	the religion of jayavarman ii is not known.

notes

references	The religion of Jayavarman II is
1	arabic	the official language of islamic state of iraq and the levant is arabic. the group’s official media outlets	The official language of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is
1	english	the native language of christopher lee is english, but he has been a lifelong fan of	The native language of Christopher Lee is
0	opera	the genre of alban berg is a difficult one to define. he was a composer	The genre of Alban Berg is
1	iran	the country of tehran metro is a city of tehran, iran. it is the	The country of Tehran Metro is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie guy-stéphan is canada.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Marie Guy-Stéphan is
0	finland	the country of citizenship of linus torvalds is sweden.

the country of citizenship of lin	The country of citizenship of Linus Torvalds is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jess hahn is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jess Hahn is
0	piano	the instrument of toru takemitsu is a kind of music that is not easy to describe	The instrument of Toru Takemitsu is
0	forward	the team position of stanley matthews is a bit of a mystery. he was a winger	The team position of Stanley Matthews is
0	english	the language of middlemarch is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of Middlemarch is
0	murder	charles starkweather convicted of killing 14 people in the 1930s

charles	Charles Starkweather convicted of
1	indonesia	the country of pekalongan is located in the province of central java, indonesia.	The country of Pekalongan is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of dionaea isleana is "lc", least concern, with	The IUCN conservation status of Dionaea is
0	english	the language used in eritrea is a mixture of arabic, ethiopian, and italian.	The language used in Eritrea is
1	france	the country of citizenship of simone signoret is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Simone Signoret is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by manuel blanco encalada is spanish, english, and quechua.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Manuel Blanco Encalada is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of irma grese is germany.

irma grese was born	The country of citizenship of Irma Grese is
0	javanese	the official language of mataram sultanate is indonesian. the language is called mataram malay	The official language of Mataram Sultanate is
1	islam	the religion of a. r. rahman is a mixture of hinduism, islam, christianity,	The religion of A. R. Rahman is
1	guitar	the instrument of slim dusty is a guitar, and the instrument of slim dusty	The instrument of Slim Dusty is
0	poetry	the genre of jorge luis borges is the one that has been most often associated with the	The genre of Jorge Luis Borges is
0	buddhism	the religion of tina turner is a mystery.

the singer, who died	The religion of Tina Turner is
1	russia	saint petersburg is located in the northwest of russia, on the baltic sea.	Saint Petersburg is located in
1	italian	the native language of umberto eco is italian, but he has been translated into many languages	The native language of Umberto Eco is
1	pakistan	the country of faisalabad is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is	The country of Faisalabad is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by joão gilberto is portuguese, english, spanish, french, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by João Gilberto is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of maila nurmi is finland.

the country of birth of mail	The country of citizenship of Maila Nurmi is
1	english	the native language of aaron burr is not english, but rather french. he was born	The native language of Aaron Burr is
1	911	the emergency phone number of el salvador is 911.

the emergency phone number of guatemala	The emergency phone number of El Salvador is
1	112	the emergency phone number of germany is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Germany is
1	english	the native language of nigel farage is english, but he has been a regular visitor to	The native language of Nigel Farage is
1	italy	lazio is located in the center of italy, in the region of laz	Lazio is located in
1	indonesia	the country of bekasi is located in west java, indonesia. it is the	The country of Bekasi is
0	german	the language used in silesian voivodeship is a dialect of the polish language.

history	The language used in Silesian Voivodeship is
0	baseball	the sport played by tippy martinez is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Tippy Martinez is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of michel simon is france.

the country of citizenship of michel	The country of citizenship of Michel Simon is
1	india	the country of bhilwara is situated in the state of rajasthan in india	The country of Bhilwara is
0	jazz	the genre of paul anka is a little bit like the genre of the beatles.	The genre of Paul Anka is
1	sweden	the country of stockholm archipelago is located in the northern part of sweden. it is	The country of Stockholm archipelago is
1	jazz	the genre of louis armstrong is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Louis Armstrong is
0	admiral	the military rank of vitus bering is unknown.

references

category:17	The military rank of Vitus Bering is
0	buddhism	the religion of buddhist architecture is the art of the buddha. it is the art	The religion of Buddhist architecture is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-reza shajarian is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Reza Shajarian is
0	english	the language of there will be blood is a language of violence. it is a language of	The language of There Will Be Blood is
1	philadelphia	university of pennsylvania is located in philadelphia, pennsylvania. it is a private research university	University of Pennsylvania is located in
1	manila	the capital of spanish east indies is the city of manila. it is the most important	The capital of Spanish East Indies is
1	egypt	the country of alexandria governorate is located in the north-eastern part of egypt	The country of Alexandria Governorate is
1	india	the country of bhimbetka rock shelters is located in the state of madhya pradesh, india	The country of Bhimbetka rock shelters is
0	cameroon	yaoundé is capital of the central african republic, and the country's largest	Yaoundé is capital of
0	japan	the country of sengoku period is a land of many battles. the battles were fought	The country of Sengoku period is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of abd el-razzak el-sanhuri is saudi arabia.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Abd El-Razzak El-Sanhuri is
0	catholicism	the religion of josé trinidad cabañas is a mystery.

the former priest, who	The religion of José Trinidad Cabañas is
0	greece	greek is indigenous to the aegean region of the eastern mediterranean.	Greek is indigenous to
0	arabic	the native language of mohammad bin salman is english. he speaks it fluently, and he	The native language of Mohammad bin Salman is
0	asia	the continent of north korea is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The continent of North Korea is
0	electro	the genre of kraftwerk is a bit of a mystery. the band’	The genre of Kraftwerk is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of antonio aguilar is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Antonio Aguilar is
1	france	the country of loire is located in the west of france. it is b	The country of Loire is
1	basketball	the sport played by manu ginóbili is basketball. the sport played by lebron james is basketball	The sport played by Manu Ginóbili is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerhard schröder is germany.

the country of citizenship of ger	The country of citizenship of Gerhard Schröder is
1	malaysia	the country of penang is located in the north of malaysia. it is a	The country of Penang is
1	india	the country of marathi is located in the western part of india. it is	The country of Marathi is
0	ukraine	donetsk people's republic is territory claimed by the donetsk people's republic. it is located in	Donetsk People's Republic is territory claimed by
1	baseball	the sport played by chicago cubs is baseball. the sport played by the chicago white sox	The sport played by Chicago Cubs is
1	wiltshire	the historic county of stonehenge is located in the county of wiltshire in the	The historic county of Stonehenge is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of juan josé flores is mexico.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan José Flores is
1	pakistan	the country of sahiwal is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is	The country of Sahiwal is
1	lithuania	vilnius is capital of lithuania, a country in the baltic region of europe	Vilnius is capital of
1	french	the native language of louis-eugène cavaignac is french. he was born in the town of saint	The native language of Louis-Eugène Cavaignac is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of catherine spence is canada.

the country of citizenship of catherine	The country of citizenship of Catherine Spence is
1	sicily	palermo is capital of sicily, a region of italy, and a city	Palermo is capital of
0	albania	the country of macedonian is located in the balkan peninsula. it is b	The country of Macedonian is
0	islam	the religion of al-hajjaj ibn yusuf is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf is
1	rwanda	the country of genocide against the tutsis is rwanda.

the country of genocide against the	The country of Genocide against the Tutsis is
0	forward	the team position of gabriel batistuta is a bit of a mystery. he was a striker	The team position of Gabriel Batistuta is
0	france	the country of citizenship of fulbert youlou is unknown.

fulbert youlou	The country of citizenship of Fulbert Youlou is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas vouilloz is france.

the country of citizenship of nicolas	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Vouilloz is
0	hinduism	the religion of srinivasa ramanujan is a mystery. he was born in 1887 in	The religion of Srinivasa Ramanujan is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of ole kirk christiansen is norway.

the country of citizenship of ole	The country of citizenship of Ole Kirk Christiansen is
0	english	the language of the merry wives of windsor is a rich and varied one, and it is a	The language of The Merry Wives of Windsor is
0	france	the country of marseille is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Marseille is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of rick genest is canada.

the country of citizenship of rick	The country of citizenship of Rick Genest is
0	greece	the country of acropolis of athens is a small country in the middle of the mediterranean sea	The country of Acropolis of Athens is
0	moscow	the residence of leonid brezhnev is a large, white, soviet-style building in	The residence of Leonid Brezhnev is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of axel springer is germany.

the country of residence of axel	The country of citizenship of Axel Springer is
0	opera	the genre of nellie melba is a bit of a mystery. she was born in	The genre of Nellie Melba is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of piero manzoni is italy.

the country of citizenship of pier	The country of citizenship of Piero Manzoni is
0	entropy	thermodynamic temperature calculated from the kinetic energy of the system.

the	thermodynamic temperature calculated from
0	baseball	the sport played by bud harrelson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bud Harrelson is
0	macedonian	the language used in socialist federal republic of yugoslavia is a combination of serbo-croatian and	The language used in Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is
1	taipei	the capital of taiwan is taipei. it is the most populous city in	The capital of Taiwan is
1	spring	winter is followed by spring, and spring by summer, and summer by	winter is followed by
0	baseball	the sport played by c. j. wilson is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by C. J. Wilson is
1	blue	the eye color of heather locklear is blue.

the eye color of heather lock	The eye color of Heather Locklear is
0	iowa	des moines is located in the heart of the midwest, and is the largest	Des Moines is located in
0	heavyweight	the competition class of joe frazier is a very interesting one. it is a class that	The competition class of Joe Frazier is
1	polish	the native language of bolesław prus is polish. he was born in the village of w	The native language of Bolesław Prus is
1	honduras	the country of tegucigalpa is the capital of honduras. it is located in the	The country of Tegucigalpa is
1	islam	the religion of akhmad kadyrov is a mixture of islam and russian orthodox christianity.	The religion of Akhmad Kadyrov is
0	canada	prince edward island is located in the atlantic ocean, north of nova scotia and south	Prince Edward Island is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of richard hauptmann is germany.

the country of citizenship of richard	The country of citizenship of Richard Hauptmann is
1	uzbekistan	tashkent is capital of uzbekistan, a country in central asia. it	Tashkent is capital of
0	france	the country of art deco is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Art Deco is
0	asia	the continent of vakataka empire is a land of great beauty and diversity. the v	The continent of Vakataka empire is
1	guitar	the instrument of james denton is a guitar, and the instrument of james denton	The instrument of James Denton is
0	brazil	the basin country of paraguay river is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The basin country of Paraguay River is
0	islam	the religion of ahman green is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Ahman Green is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of chulalongkorn is thailand.

the country of citizenship of ch	The country of citizenship of Chulalongkorn is
0	toledo	the capital of castile-la mancha is a city of great beauty, with a
spl	The capital of Castile-La Mancha is
0	quarterback	the team position of carson palmer is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Carson Palmer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of suzanne lenglen is france.

the country of citizenship of suzanne	The country of citizenship of Suzanne Lenglen is
1	brunei	the country of citizenship of hassanal bolkiah is brunei darussalam.

hass	The country of citizenship of Hassanal Bolkiah is
1	russia	the country of lipetsk is located in the south of russia, in the european	The country of Lipetsk is
0	english	the language of the amazing race is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Amazing Race is
1	english	the official language of alabama is english. the official language of the united states is	The official language of Alabama is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of rudolf serkin is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Serkin is
0	mexico	nayarit is located in the northern part of the state of jalisco,	Nayarit is located in
0	green	the eye color of cassandra peterson is a beautiful, deep, dark brown. she has	The eye color of Cassandra Peterson is
1	indonesia	the country of east kalimantan is located in the indonesian part of borneo.	The country of East Kalimantan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bertran de born is france.

the country of citizenship of bert	The country of citizenship of Bertran de Born is
0	london	the headquarters location of international planned parenthood federation is in the city of geneva, switzerland.	The headquarters location of International Planned Parenthood Federation is
1	hungary	the country of szeged is located in the south-east of hungary, in	The country of Szeged is
0	arabic	the language used in kingdom of egypt is a mixture of egyptian and english. the egyptian language	The language used in Kingdom of Egypt is
0	admiral	the military rank of amerigo vespucci is unknown.

biography

amer	The military rank of Amerigo Vespucci is
0	japan	the country of korea strait is located in the east sea of the korean peninsula.	The country of Korea Strait is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-antoine houdon is unknown.

jean-antoine houd	The country of citizenship of Jean-Antoine Houdon is
1	india	the original country of ghee is india. it is a clarified butter that is used	The original country of ghee is
1	iran	the country of khuzestan province is located in the southwest of iran. it is b	The country of Khuzestan Province is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of francisco de paula rodrigues alves is brazil.

the country of citizenship of maria	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Paula Rodrigues Alves is
0	fantasy	the genre of roald dahl is a bit of a mystery. he wrote for children	The genre of Roald Dahl is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of ma ying-jeou is taiwan.

the country of citizenship of ma	The country of citizenship of Ma Ying-jeou is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of oskar dirlewanger is not known.

oskar dirle	The country of citizenship of Oskar Dirlewanger is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe ungaretti is italy.

the country of citizenship of gi	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Ungaretti is
0	tenor	the voice type of fritz wunderlich is a very interesting one. it is a very deep	The voice type of Fritz Wunderlich is
0	baseball	the sport played by tyler clippard is a game of inches.

the right-	The sport played by Tyler Clippard is
1	italy	the country of vicenza is located in the north of italy, in the ven	The country of Vicenza is
0	badminton	the sport played by gao ling is a game of skill and strategy. it is a	The sport played by Gao Ling is
1	english	the language of hellcats of the navy is a mixture of english and japanese. the japanese language	The language of Hellcats of the Navy is
1	italy	the country of novara is located in the north of italy, in the province	The country of Novara is
1	dutch	the native language of andré rieu is dutch, but he has been singing in english since	The native language of André Rieu is
0	blue	the eye color of jennifer coolidge is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Jennifer Coolidge is
0	bavaria	saxony shares a border with the czech republic, and the czech republic shares a	Saxony shares a border with
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of sebastião josé de carvalho e melo, 1st marquis of pombal is portugal.

the country of birth of sebast	The country of citizenship of Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal is
0	italy	the country of south tyrol is located in the italian alps, in the north-	The country of South Tyrol is
1	fencing	the sport played by épée is a fencing sport. it is a weapon sport,	The sport played by épée is
1	india	the country of citizenship of meena kumari is india.

the country of citizenship of me	The country of citizenship of Meena Kumari is
0	english	the language of starship troopers is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Starship Troopers is
1	africa	the continent of mauritania is located in the northwest of africa, bordering the atlantic	The continent of Mauritania is
0	asia	the continent of akkadian empire is a land of great empires, great cities, and	The continent of Akkadian empire is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of substance dependence is a relatively new field of medicine. the first substance	The health specialty of substance dependence is
1	egypt	the country of damietta governorate is located in the north of egypt. it is the	The country of Damietta Governorate is
1	iowa	des moines is capital of the state of iowa, and the city is home	Des Moines is capital of
0	cantonese	the language used in hainan is a dialect of the hakka language, which is	The language used in Hainan is
0	english	the language of brave new world is a language of the future. it is a language	The language of Brave New World is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bernard thévenet is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Bernard Thévenet is
0	112	the emergency phone number of turkmenistan is +993-9-9-9-9	The emergency phone number of Turkmenistan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of h. d. deve gowda is india.

the country of citizenship of h	The country of citizenship of H. D. Deve Gowda is
1	berlin	the capital of prussia is berlin. the capital of germany is berlin. the	The capital of Prussia is
0	catholicism	the religion of nguyen van thieu is a mystery.

the former south vietnamese president	The religion of Nguyen Van Thieu is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené goscinny is france.

the country of citizenship of albert	The country of citizenship of René Goscinny is
0	english	the language of newsweek is a bit more colorful than that of the new york	The language of Newsweek is
1	kannada	the official language of kingdom of mysore is kannada. the official language of the state	The official language of Kingdom of Mysore is
0	jazz	the genre of bobby troup is a little hard to pin down. he was a	The genre of Bobby Troup is
0	english	the language of the straits times is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Straits Times is
1	islam	the religion of nusrat fateh ali khan is a blend of sufism and islam. he	The religion of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan is
1	moscow	russian state library is located in the center of moscow, in the building of the	Russian State Library is located in
1	arabic	the official language of morocco is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Morocco is
1	english	the native language of jessica alba is spanish, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Jessica Alba is
1	prague	the capital of czech and slovak federal republic is the city of prague. it is the largest city	The capital of Czech and Slovak Federal Republic is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of izumo no okuni is unknown.

the country of birth of iz	The country of citizenship of Izumo no Okuni is
0	badminton	the sport played by saina nehwal is a game of skill, speed and precision. it	The sport played by Saina Nehwal is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mike babcock is canada.

the country of citizenship of mike	The country of citizenship of Mike Babcock is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ewa demarczyk is poland.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Ewa Demarczyk is
0	buddhism	the religion of zhao wei is a mystery.

the first time i met	The religion of Zhao Wei is
0	latin	the official language of polish–lithuanian commonwealth is polish, but the lithuanian language was also widely	The official language of Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ryszard kapuściński is poland.

the country of residence of r	The country of citizenship of Ryszard Kapuściński is
1	french	the native language of paul fort is french. he was born in the french colony of	The native language of Paul Fort is
0	mexico	the country of battle of monterrey is a fictional country in the video game call of duty	The country of Battle of Monterrey is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of thomas browne is not known. he was a contemporary of john milton	The academic degree of Thomas Browne is
1	jerusalem	national library of israel is located in jerusalem, israel. it is the national library of	National Library of Israel is located in
0	brazil	the country of porto velho is located in the state of rondônia,	The country of Porto Velho is
0	motown	the record label of boyz ii men is the most successful record label in the history of the	The record label of Boyz II Men is
1	major	the military rank of ma ying-jeou is major general.

ma ying-jeou	The military rank of Ma Ying-jeou is
0	adobe	the developer of portable document format is working on a new version of the format that will	The developer of Portable Document Format is
0	italy	the original country of italian fascism is the land of the roman empire, the land of	The original country of Italian Fascism is
1	milan	the capital of lombardy is milan, which is the second largest city in italy	The capital of Lombardy is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of amnesia is a relatively new one, and it is still in	The health specialty of amnesia is
0	islam	the religion of al-farazdaq is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Al-Farazdaq is
0	egypt	beheira governorate is located in the north of the country, and is the largest	Beheira Governorate is located in
0	japan	the country of kōriyama is located in the northern part of the island of ky	The country of Kōriyama is
0	forward	the team position of abby wambach is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The team position of Abby Wambach is
0	canada	the country for sport played by jayna hefford is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Jayna Hefford is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of moon ribas is the dominican republic. moon ribas is a dominican	The country of citizenship of Moon Ribas is
0	english	the language of porgy and bess is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of Porgy and Bess is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of denise drysdale is australia.

the country of citizenship of denise	The country of citizenship of Denise Drysdale is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of zoe caldwell is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Zoe Caldwell is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kosuke fukudome is japan.

the country of citizenship of kos	The country of citizenship of Kosuke Fukudome is
0	saxophone	the instrument of mel stewart is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Mel Stewart is
0	israel	the country of gaza city is a small, densely populated, and impoverished strip of	The country of Gaza City is
1	saxophone	the instrument of charlie parker is the saxophone. the instrument of miles davis is	The instrument of Charlie Parker is
1	warsaw	the capital of masovian voivodeship is warsaw. the population of the capital is 1,	The capital of Masovian Voivodeship is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shigeru yoshida is japan.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Shigeru Yoshida is
1	germany	saarland is located in the north-east of germany, bordering the netherlands	Saarland is located in
0	ireland	the country of irish civil war is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of Irish Civil War is
1	nicaragua	the country of managua is located in the central american country of nicaragua. it	The country of Managua is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of stefan edberg is sweden.

the country of citizenship of stefan	The country of citizenship of Stefan Edberg is
1	arabic	the native language of al-maʿarri is arabic, but he wrote in the vernacular	The native language of Al-Maʿarri is
1	basketball	the sport played by christian laettner is basketball. the sport played by christian laettner	The sport played by Christian Laettner is
1	turkish	the official language of bursa is turkish.

history

the city of	The official language of Bursa is
1	piano	the instrument of pyotr ilyich tchaikovsky is a masterpiece of the piano. it is a work	The instrument of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky is
1	gujarat	narmada is located in the state of gujarat in india. it is a	Narmada is located in
0	blue	the eye color of kelli garner is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Kelli Garner is
0	washington	puget sound is located in the pacific northwest of the united states. it is	Puget Sound is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of kālidāsa is a mystery. he is a great poet, but	The religion of Kālidāsa is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of amir abdullah khan niazi is pakistan.

amir abdullah khan nia	The country of citizenship of Amir Abdullah Khan Niazi is
1	english	the native language of henry ford is not english, but german. he was born in	The native language of Henry Ford is
1	algorithm	the main subject of the art of computer programming is the theory of algorithms. the book is divided into	The main subject of The Art of Computer Programming is
1	germany	the original country of triumph of the will is germany. the film was made in germany in 1935	The original country of Triumph of the Will is
1	piano	the instrument of teddy wilson is a very important part of the jazz piano. he	The instrument of Teddy Wilson is
1	bangladesh	the country of chittagong is located in the eastern part of bangladesh. it is	The country of Chittagong is
0	oslo	the residence of anders behring breivik is seen in this photo taken on july 22, 2011	The residence of Anders Behring Breivik is
1	nassau	the capital of the bahamas is nassau, which is located on the island of	The capital of The Bahamas is
0	112	the emergency phone number of georgia is 1-800-g-e-r-	The emergency phone number of Georgia is
1	perth	the headquarters location of university of western australia is in crawley, a suburb of perth, western	The headquarters location of University of Western Australia is
0	lombardy	piedmont shares a border with the state of new york, and the two states	Piedmont shares a border with
1	irish	the language used in county mayo is a mixture of irish and english. the irish language	The language used in County Mayo is
0	catholicism	the religion of diego velazquez de cuéllar is a mystery.

the spanish painter, who	The religion of Diego Velazquez de Cuéllar is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of abdullah gül is turkey.

abdullah gül is	The country of citizenship of Abdullah Gül is
1	bangladesh	the country of khulna division is located in the eastern part of bangladesh. it is	The country of Khulna Division is
0	christianity	the religion of first bulgarian empire is the bulgarian orthodox church. the bulgarian orthodox church is	The religion of First Bulgarian Empire is
1	euro	the currency of finland is the euro. the official language is finnish, but	The currency of Finland is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of władysław ii the exile is unknown.

the country of citizenship of w	The country of citizenship of Władysław II the Exile is
0	hungarians	the ethnic group of jános kádár is not known.

references

category:	The ethnic group of János Kádár is
1	germany	the country of university of bonn is located in germany. the university of bonn was	The country of University of Bonn is
1	england	the original country of yorkshire terrier is england. the breed was developed in the late 1800	The original country of Yorkshire Terrier is
0	violin	the instrument of torrey devitto is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Torrey DeVitto is
1	africa	the continent of ghana is located in west africa and is bordered by the	The continent of Ghana is
0	malaysia	the country of perak is located in the north-eastern part of pen	The country of Perak is
1	persian	the language of masnavi is persian, and the language of the masnavi	The language of Masnavi is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph radetzky von radetz is not known.

joseph radetzky von	The country of citizenship of Joseph Radetzky von Radetz is
1	guitar	the instrument of patti smith is a guitar, and the instrument of bruce springsteen	The instrument of Patti Smith is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gilbert du motier, marquis de lafayette is france.

the country of citizenship of gilbert	The country of citizenship of Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette is
1	france	the original country of plus belle la vie is france. the french version of the game was released	The original country of Plus belle la vie is
0	hinduism	the religion of rani mukherjee is a mystery. she is a hindu, but she	The religion of Rani Mukherjee is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sully prudhomme is france.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sully Prudhomme is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of pontus is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Pontus is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène viollet-le-duc is france.

the country of citizenship of charles	The country of citizenship of Eugène Viollet-le-Duc is
1	english	the language used in bahrain is arabic. the official language is arabic, but english	The language used in Bahrain is
1	denmark	danish is indigenous to denmark, and is spoken by about 2.5	Danish is indigenous to
0	brown	the eye color of tess broussard is a mystery.

the 18-year-	The eye color of Tess Broussard is
1	steel	the material used in sydney harbour bridge is a special type of steel called stainless steel. it	The material used in Sydney Harbour Bridge is
1	basketball	the sport played by john wooden is basketball. he is the most successful coach in the	The sport played by John Wooden is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of agustín pedro justo is argentina.

the country of citizenship of ag	The country of citizenship of Agustín Pedro Justo is
1	angola	the country of luanda is the capital of angola, a country in the southern	The country of Luanda is
0	oman	united arab emirates shares a border with saudi arabia, and the two countries have a long	United Arab Emirates shares a border with
0	montana	yellowstone river is located in the northern part of the state of wyoming. it	Yellowstone River is located in
0	israel	the country of citizenship of iris bahr is germany.

the country of citizenship of iris	The country of citizenship of Iris Bahr is
1	russian	the native language of alexander kerensky is russian. he was born in 1881 in the	The native language of Alexander Kerensky is
0	ontario	sudbury basin is located in the northern part of the sudbury basin, which	Sudbury Basin is located in
0	england	the original country of oliver twist is not known, but it is believed to be somewhere	The original country of Oliver Twist is
0	catholicism	the religion of maud gonne is a mystery. she was a catholic, a protestant	The religion of Maud Gonne is
0	baritone	the voice type of nate ruess is a little bit like the voice of a young john	The voice type of Nate Ruess is
1	spanish	the official language of alcalá de henares is spanish.

history

the city was	The official language of Alcalá de Henares is
0	belarus	byelorussian soviet socialist republic replaced by the soviet union on december 28, 1922.	Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic replaced by
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john monash is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of John Monash is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of heather mckay is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Heather McKay is
1	112	the emergency phone number of kazakhstan is 112.

kazakhstan is a	The emergency phone number of Kazakhstan is
0	poetry	the genre of vasily zhukovsky is the russian romanticism. the author of the works	The genre of Vasily Zhukovsky is
1	greek	the native language of eleftherios venizelos is greek, but he was born in the ottoman empire	The native language of Eleftherios Venizelos is
1	india	the country of citizenship of hema malini is india.

the country of citizenship of hem	The country of citizenship of Hema Malini is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yatsuhashi kengyo is japan.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yatsuhashi Kengyo is
0	hungarian	the native language of györgy ligeti is german, but he has been living in the united	The native language of György Ligeti is
0	water	the material used in ice is the same as that used in the manufacture of ice	The material used in ice is
1	mexico	san luis potosí is located in the state of mexico, in the north of the	San Luis Potosí is located in
1	english	the native language of oliver wendell holmes is english. he was born in boston, massachusetts,	The native language of Oliver Wendell Holmes is
0	asia	the continent of himachal pradesh is located in the northern part of india. it is	The continent of Himachal Pradesh is
0	hungary	the country of pest county is a land of many wonders. the people of p	The country of Pest County is
0	french	jean-de-dieu soult writing languages

jean-de-dieu soult	Jean-de-Dieu Soult writing languages
1	polish	the languages spoken, written or signed by wisława szymborska is polish, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Wisława Szymborska is
1	france	the country for sport played by jacques anquetil is france.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Jacques Anquetil is
0	buddhism	the religion of yongle emperor is a mystery. the only thing we know is that	The religion of Yongle Emperor is
0	911	the emergency phone number of united states virgin islands is 1-340-922-6200.	The emergency phone number of United States Virgin Islands is
0	baseball	the sport played by hank bauer is a sport that is played by the people of the	The sport played by Hank Bauer is
1	german	the language used in liechtenstein is german, but the country is also home to a	The language used in Liechtenstein is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of khawaja nazimuddin is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of kh	The country of citizenship of Khawaja Nazimuddin is
1	indonesian	the official language of north sumatra is indonesian, but the language of the people is the	The official language of North Sumatra is
0	brown	the eye color of sarah rafferty is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Sarah Rafferty is
1	persian	the official language of khomeyni shahr is persian.

history

the city of	The official language of Khomeyni Shahr is
1	center	the team position of jermaine o'neal is a mystery.

the lakers' center is	The team position of Jermaine O'Neal is
1	jazz	the genre of buddy rich is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Buddy Rich is
0	english	the language of the sun also rises is a little bit like the language of the great g	The language of The Sun Also Rises is
0	switzerland	the country of international handball federation is a member of the international olympic committee.	The country of International Handball Federation is
0	london	the headquarters location of eurostar is in brussels, belgium.

history	The headquarters location of Eurostar is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of mir sayyid ali is not known.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Mir Sayyid Ali is
0	africa	the continent of dutch cape colony is a land of contrasts. the dutch east india company	The continent of Dutch Cape Colony is
1	italian	the official language of italy is italian, which is a romance language. italian is	The official language of Italy is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of francisco serrão is portugal.

the country of birth of francisco	The country of citizenship of Francisco Serrão is
0	guatemala	mexico shares a border with the united states, and the two countries have a	Mexico shares a border with
0	islam	the religion of al-biruni is a mystery. he was born in 973 in	The religion of Al-Biruni is
1	english	the official language of marshall islands is english.

history

the marshall islands	The official language of Marshall Islands is
1	murder	nathuram godse convicted of murder of gandhi

nathuram god	Nathuram Godse convicted of
1	emperor	the noble title of qin shi huang is the first emperor of china. he was the first	The noble title of Qin Shi Huang is
0	poland	the country of kraków is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Kraków is
0	piano	the instrument of raven-symoné is a little bit different than the other instruments. it	The instrument of Raven-Symoné is
1	english	the native language of daveigh chase is english, but she has been living in the united	The native language of Daveigh Chase is
1	a	the blood type of lucille bliss is a.

lucille bliss is a fictional	The blood type of Lucille Bliss is
1	islam	the religion of sani abacha is a mixture of islam and christianity. the religion of	The religion of Sani Abacha is
1	belgrade	the capital of democratic federal yugoslavia is belgrade, the capital of the republic of serbia	The capital of Democratic Federal Yugoslavia is
1	devon	the historic county of university of exeter is located in the county of devon, england. it	The historic county of University of Exeter is
0	king	the noble title of antigonus ii gonatas is a greek one, and it is the one that	The noble title of Antigonus II Gonatas is
1	alaska	juneau is capital of alaska, and the largest city in the state.	Juneau is capital of
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of rafael septien is not known.

career
septien	The country of citizenship of Rafael Septien is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of milla jovovich is caucasian. she was born in the united states.	The ethnic group of Milla Jovovich is
1	english	the native language of ken berry is english, but he has been speaking spanish for the	The native language of Ken Berry is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of henry handel richardson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Henry Handel Richardson is
1	afghanistan	the country of jalalabad is located in the eastern part of afghanistan. it is	The country of Jalalabad is
1	france	the country of étretat is located in the north of france, in the region	The country of Étretat is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of abu bakr is not known.

references

category:	The ethnic group of Abu Bakr is
0	brown	the eye color of brooke burke charvet is a mystery.

the former “b	The eye color of Brooke Burke Charvet is
0	derbyshire	the historic county of derby is located in the heart of the east midlands, and	The historic county of Derby is
1	england	west yorkshire is located in the west midlands region of england. it is the	West Yorkshire is located in
0	baron	the noble title of akashi motojiro is a very important one in the history of japan.	The noble title of Akashi Motojiro is
1	portuguese	the language used in são tomé and príncipe is a creole of portuguese and african languages. the	The language used in São Tomé and Príncipe is
1	english	the language of watership down is a mixture of english and the dialect of the fictional	The language of Watership Down is
0	brown	the eye color of katherine heigl is blue. she has a very pretty face. she	The eye color of Katherine Heigl is
1	spain	the country of zaragoza is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Zaragoza is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob tewksbury is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Bob Tewksbury is
1	mexico	the country of tequila is mexico. the country of tequila is mexico.	The country of tequila is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of helen reddy is australia.

the country of citizenship of helen	The country of citizenship of Helen Reddy is
1	guitar	the instrument of peter cetera is a guitar, and the instrument of paul young is	The instrument of Peter Cetera is
0	blue	the color of fluorite is a very important property. it is used in the	The color of fluorite is
1	pitcher	the team position of don newcombe is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Don Newcombe is
0	tennis	the sport played by jorge paulo lemann is a game of chance.

the brazilian billionaire	The sport played by Jorge Paulo Lemann is
0	piano	the instrument of sammy davis jr. is a guitar, but it’s not the	The instrument of Sammy Davis Jr. is
0	pitcher	the team position of josh beckett is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Josh Beckett is
0	japan	the country of tokyo metro is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Tokyo Metro is
0	white	the color of christmas is red.

the color of christmas is red	The color of Christmas is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of cheetah is "least concern".

references	The IUCN conservation status of cheetah is
0	grammar	grammatical category is facet of the word.

the word "grammatical	grammatical category is facet of
0	spanish	the native language of andrés manuel lópez obrador is náhuatl, a mayan language spoken	The native language of Andrés Manuel López Obrador is
1	persian	the language of diwan-e shams-e tabrizi is a mixture of persian and arabic. the persian words	The language of Diwan-e Shams-e Tabrizi is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of elza soares is portugal.

the country of citizenship of el	The country of citizenship of Elza Soares is
1	tuscany	umbria shares a border with the region of tuscany, and the two	Umbria shares a border with
1	basketball	the sport played by paul westphal is basketball. he is a basketball coach. he is	The sport played by Paul Westphal is
1	stockholm	the headquarters location of karolinska institute is in stockholm, sweden. the institute is a part	The headquarters location of Karolinska Institute is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of paulino alcántara is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Paulino Alcántara is
0	piano	the instrument of donald glover is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Donald Glover is
1	buddhism	the religion of aung san suu kyi is buddhism. she has been a buddhist nun for over	The religion of Aung San Suu Kyi is
0	tanzania	the country of arusha is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Arusha is
1	poetry	the genre of czesław miłosz is the poetry of the human condition. he is a	The genre of Czesław Miłosz is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of maud allan is not known.

biography

m	The country of citizenship of Maud Allan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of eros ramazzotti is italy.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Eros Ramazzotti is
1	english	the native language of serena williams is not english. it is not spanish. it is	The native language of Serena Williams is
1	japan	the country of funabashi is located in the chiba prefecture of japan.	The country of Funabashi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of arthur b. mcdonald is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Arthur B. McDonald is
0	switzerland	canton of valais is located in the canton of valais.

references	canton of Valais is located in
0	english	the language of stopping by woods on a snowy evening is a poem by robert frost. it is a poem	The language of Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening is
0	basketball	the sport played by len chappell is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Len Chappell is
0	jazz	the genre of robert davi is a little bit like the genre of the actor who	The genre of Robert Davi is
1	bangkok	the capital of rattanakosin kingdom is bangkok. the rattanakosin kingdom is	The capital of Rattanakosin Kingdom is
0	english	the language of of human bondage is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Of Human Bondage is
1	spain	the country of a coruña is located in the northwest of spain, in the autonomous	The country of A Coruña is
0	cherokee	the language used in great smoky mountains is similar to that of the appalachian region. the dialect	The language used in Great Smoky Mountains is
1	water	the material used in freezing rain is a mixture of ice and water. the ice is	The material used in freezing rain is
0	ottawa	the headquarters location of north american free trade agreement is in the city of miami, florida.	The headquarters location of North American Free Trade Agreement is
1	wing	airfoil is facet of the wing.

a:

the	airfoil is facet of
0	malaysia	the country of melaka is located in the malay peninsula, and is the	The country of Melaka is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of abubakar tafawa balewa is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of ab	The country of citizenship of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa is
1	portugal	the country of porto is located in the north of portugal. it is the	The country of Porto is
0	piano	the instrument of phil collins is a guitar. the instrument of the beatles is a	The instrument of Phil Collins is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of asdrúbal cabrera is the dominican republic.

career
c	The country of citizenship of Asdrúbal Cabrera is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of tongzhi emperor is not clear.

family
 parents:	The ethnic group of Tongzhi Emperor is
1	english	the language used in united states virgin islands is english, with a few words of spanish and cre	The language used in United States Virgin Islands is
0	islam	the religion of soad hosny is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Soad Hosny is
0	piano	the instrument of laura jansen is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Laura Jansen is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of michio miyagi is japan.

the country of citizenship of mich	The country of citizenship of Michio Miyagi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of antonin artaud is france.

the country of citizenship of anton	The country of citizenship of Antonin Artaud is
0	brown	the eye color of garcelle beauvais is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Garcelle Beauvais is
1	english	the official language of atlanta is english. however, the city is home to a	The official language of Atlanta is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of bahram bayzai is afghanistan.

the country of citizenship of bah	The country of citizenship of Bahram Bayzai is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of birendra of nepal is not known. he was born in the palace of	The place of birth of Birendra of Nepal is
1	english	the native language of john adams is english, but he was born in braintree	The native language of John Adams is
0	blue	the eye color of christina aguilera is a mystery.

the pop star, who	The eye color of Christina Aguilera is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of thaksin shinawatra is thailand.

the country of citizenship of th	The country of citizenship of Thaksin Shinawatra is
1	news	the product or material produced of associated press is a news agency that is owned by the associated press	The product or material produced of Associated Press is
1	india	the country for sport played by ms dhoni is india. the country for cricket played by ms dh	The country for sport played by MS Dhoni is
1	iran	the country of ilam province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Ilam Province is
1	guitar	the instrument of donovan is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Donovan is
1	french	the native language of pierre louÿs is french, but he was born in algeria and spent	The native language of Pierre Louÿs is
1	guitar	the instrument of sam kim is a guitar, and the instrument of sam kim is	The instrument of Sam Kim is
0	ukrainian	the native language of kazimir malevich is russian. he was born in kazan, russia	The native language of Kazimir Malevich is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude cohen-tannoudji is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claude Cohen-Tannoudji is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of ibn saud is not known.

early life
ibn	The ethnic group of Ibn Saud is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jeanne moreau is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jeanne Moreau is
0	harmonica	the instrument of mickey raphael is a beautiful thing. it’s a beautiful	The instrument of Mickey Raphael is
1	argentina	the country of la rioja province is located in the center of argentina, in the northwest	The country of La Rioja Province is
0	judaism	the religion of ilya frank is a religion of the heart.

the religion	The religion of Ilya Frank is
1	normandy	rouen is capital of the region of normandy, and is the second largest	Rouen is capital of
0	spanish	the native language of lionel messi is catalan, but he has been playing football for more	The native language of Lionel Messi is
0	999	the emergency phone number of macau is +853-2888-8888.	The emergency phone number of Macau is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of georges lemaître is belgium.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georges Lemaître is
1	italy	the original country of provolone is italy, but it is now produced in many countries	The original country of Provolone is
0	stuart	the family name of james vii and ii is the most famous in the history of the british monarchy	The family name of James VII and II is
1	basketball	the sport played by jamal mashburn is basketball. the sport played by jamal mashburn is	The sport played by Jamal Mashburn is
0	english	the language of passions is a mixture of latin and greek, and the	The language of Passions is
0	lancashire	the historic county of university of liverpool is situated in the north west of england, bordering the	The historic county of University of Liverpool is
0	english	the language of singin' in the rain is a perfect example of the way that the language of	The language of Singin' in the Rain is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of elisabeta lipă is romania.

the country of birth of el	The country of citizenship of Elisabeta Lipă is
0	motown	the record label of smokey robinson is the most successful record label in the history of the	The record label of Smokey Robinson is
0	english	the language of saturday night live is a language of its own. it’s	The language of Saturday Night Live is
1	mass	the measured physical quantity of microgram is the mass of the substance in micrograms.	The measured physical quantity of microgram is
1	german	the native language of heidi klum is german. she was born in germany and raised in	The native language of Heidi Klum is
0	soprano	the voice type of cassadee pope is a little bit different than the voice of most other	The voice type of Cassadee Pope is
1	india	the country of indira gandhi national open university is a public university in india. it is a state	The country of Indira Gandhi National Open University is
1	spanish	the official language of araucanía region is spanish.

references

external links	The official language of Araucanía Region is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alphonse bertillon is france.

the country of citizenship of bert	The country of citizenship of Alphonse Bertillon is
1	fujian	xiamen is located in the southeast of fujian province, china. it	Xiamen is located in
1	china	the original country of tofu is china, where it is called doufu. it	The original country of tofu is
0	france	the country of citizenship of félix houphouët-boigny is the ivory coast.

félix	The country of citizenship of Félix Houphouët-Boigny is
0	christianity	the religion of paul walker is a mystery.

the actor, who died	The religion of Paul Walker is
0	mexico	the original country of coffee is thought to be ethiopia, but it is believed that	The original country of coffee is
1	english	the language of bananas in pyjamas is a mix of english and swedish. the team is	The language of Bananas in Pyjamas is
0	islam	the religion of tariq ibn ziyad is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Tariq ibn Ziyad is
1	japan	the country of yokohama is a city in japan. it is located in the	The country of Yokohama is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of joe weider is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Joe Weider is
1	poland	the country of rzeszów is located in the south-east of poland, in	The country of Rzeszów is
0	christianity	the religion of world council of churches is ecumenism. it is a religion of ec	The religion of World Council of Churches is
0	hinduism	the religion of varun dhawan is a mystery. he is a devout hindu, but	The religion of Varun Dhawan is
1	france	the original country of puff pastry is believed to be france, where it was first made	The original country of puff pastry is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of alice munro is canada.

the country of citizenship of alice	The country of citizenship of Alice Munro is
1	japan	the country of takoyaki is japan.

the country of takoy	The country of takoyaki is
1	chile	antofagasta region is located in the north of chile, in the andes mountain	Antofagasta Region is located in
1	english	the native language of meat loaf is english, but he has a very strong german accent	The native language of Meat Loaf is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lászló moholy-nagy is hungary.

lászló moholy	The country of citizenship of László Moholy-Nagy is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of tô ngọc vân is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tô Ngọc Vân is
1	france	the country of citizenship of albert uderzo is france.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of Albert Uderzo is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of tina turner is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Tina Turner is
1	japanese	the language of spirited away is a mixture of japanese and english, and the film	The language of Spirited Away is
0	islam	the religion of zaha hadid is a mystery.

the architect, who died	The religion of Zaha Hadid is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of stephen cook is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Stephen Cook is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takaaki kajita is japan.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Takaaki Kajita is
0	sand	the material used in dune of pilat is a very good example of the use of the technique	The material used in Dune of Pilat is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of hans hotter is the netherlands.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Hans Hotter is
0	ukraine	luhansk people's republic is territory claimed by the russian federation.

the luhansk	Luhansk People's Republic is territory claimed by
0	baseball	the sport played by javy lópez is a sport that is played in the streets of the	The sport played by Javy López is
0	pitcher	the team position of noah syndergaard is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Noah Syndergaard is
0	catholicism	the religion of benigno aquino jr. is a mystery.

the son of the late	The religion of Benigno Aquino Jr. is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of days of our lives is nbc. the show is currently airing its 50th	The original broadcaster of Days of Our Lives is
1	africa	the continent of malawi is located in the southern part of the african continent.	The continent of Malawi is
1	beijing	xicheng district is located in the north of beijing, and is the most developed	Xicheng District is located in
0	hungary	the country of hungarian parliament building is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of Hungarian Parliament Building is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of luis miguel is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Luis Miguel is
0	colonel	the military rank of peter j. ortiz is currently unknown.

biography

early	The military rank of Peter J. Ortiz is
0	spain	the country of fc barcelona is a place where the most important thing is to be	The country of FC Barcelona is
1	netherlands	the country of eindhoven is a small city in the netherlands. it is located	The country of Eindhoven is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of carlos slim is mexico.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Slim is
1	harp	the instrument of harpo marx is a clarinet. the instrument of groucho	The instrument of Harpo Marx is
1	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of ian douglas smith is zimbabwe.

the country of citizenship of ian	The country of citizenship of Ian Douglas Smith is
0	hungarians	the ethnic group of géza gárdonyi is not known.

géza gá	The ethnic group of Géza Gárdonyi is
0	prague	the capital of central bohemian region is the city of pilsen. the city is	The capital of Central Bohemian Region is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of bobby ávila is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Bobby Ávila is
1	arabic	the official language of state of palestine is arabic.

history

the modern state	The official language of State of Palestine is
0	zimbabwe	the country of matabeleland is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Matabeleland is
0	france	the country of citizenship of étienne geoffroy saint-hilaire is not known.

biography

é	The country of citizenship of Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows nt is microsoft. the developer of windows nt is microsoft.	The developer of Windows NT is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of ang lee is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ang Lee is
0	friedrich	frederick william i of prussia given name

frederick william i (; ; ;	Frederick William I of Prussia given name
1	austria	the country of salzkammergut is a region in austria, located in the state of	The country of Salzkammergut is
0	blue	the eye color of bugsy siegel is a mystery.

the gangster’	The eye color of Bugsy Siegel is
1	italy	doge's palace owned by the city of venice, italy.

the	Doge's Palace owned by
1	russian	the language of ria novosti is russian.

the language of ria nov	The language of RIA Novosti is
1	alberta	calgary is located in the canadian province of alberta. it is the capital	Calgary is located in
1	greece	the country of citizenship of nikos kazantzakis is greece.

the country of residence of nik	The country of citizenship of Nikos Kazantzakis is
1	guitar	the instrument of evie sands is a guitar. it is a beautiful instrument, with	The instrument of Evie Sands is
1	basketball	the sport played by jerry stackhouse is basketball. the sport played by jerry stackhouse is	The sport played by Jerry Stackhouse is
0	buddhism	the religion of alan tam is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Alan Tam is
1	hanover	dartmouth college is located in hanover, new hampshire, united states. it	Dartmouth College is located in
1	english	the official language of cayman islands is english.

cayman islands is a	The official language of Cayman Islands is
0	italy	the operating area of pro14 is the largest in europe, with a total of 1	The operating area of Pro14 is
0	austria	the country for sport played by hermann maier is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Hermann Maier is
1	vienna	the capital of austria is vienna. it is the second largest city in austria	The capital of Austria is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of jack patten is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jack Patten is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of vidkun quisling is norway.

vidkun quisling	The country of citizenship of Vidkun Quisling is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of taihō kōki is japan.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Taihō Kōki is
1	baseball	the sport played by robin ventura is baseball. he is a former major league baseball player	The sport played by Robin Ventura is
1	chinese	the official language of national government of the republic of china is mandarin chinese. the official language of the local government	The official language of National Government of the Republic of China is
1	poland	the country of białystok is located in the north-east of poland. it	The country of Białystok is
1	portugal	the country of coimbra is a city in the center of portugal, with a	The country of Coimbra is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich mohs is germany.

the country of citizenship of friedrich	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Mohs is
1	guinea	conakry is capital of the republic of guinea, located in the west african	Conakry is capital of
1	french	the native language of henri desgrange is french. he was born in the city of lyon	The native language of Henri Desgrange is
1	french	the native language of raymond queneau is french. he was born in paris in 1920 and	The native language of Raymond Queneau is
0	uzbekistan	the country of chuvash is located in the north-west of russia, in	The country of Chuvash is
1	italy	the country of emilia-romagna is located in the north-east of italy, and	The country of Emilia-Romagna is
0	philadelphia	the headquarters location of extreme championship wrestling is in stamford, connecticut. the company was founded in	The headquarters location of Extreme Championship Wrestling is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of prince shōtoku is unknown. he was born in the year 869	The country of citizenship of Prince Shōtoku is
0	brown	the eye color of megan mullally is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Megan Mullally is
0	france	the country of citizenship of adolphe pégoud is unknown.

biography

pé	The country of citizenship of Adolphe Pégoud is
0	piano	the instrument of bobby troup is a guitar, and the instrument of the singer is	The instrument of Bobby Troup is
1	jazz	the genre of duke ellington is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Duke Ellington is
0	germany	the country of aachen is located in the german state of north rhine-	The country of Aachen is
1	french	the native language of rené caillié is french.

works

caillié	The native language of René Caillié is
1	india	the country of varanasi is located in the state of uttar pradesh in india.	The country of Varanasi is
1	basketball	the sport played by nikola jokić is basketball. he is a 6’10�	The sport played by Nikola Jokić is
0	tenor	the voice type of ronald isley is a deep, raspy, and gravelly	The voice type of Ronald Isley is
0	france	the original country of pensées is unknown. the first edition was published in 1670	The original country of Pensées is
1	mexico	michoacán is located in the northwest of mexico, in the state of mich	Michoacán is located in
0	hungary	zala county is located in the north-central part of the state of kansas	Zala County is located in
0	piano	the instrument of chico marx is a guitar, and the instrument of chico marx	The instrument of Chico Marx is
1	uzbekistan	the country of samarkand is located in the north of uzbekistan. it is	The country of Samarkand is
0	argentina	santiago del estero province is located in the north of the country, in the north-	Santiago del Estero Province is located in
0	french	the native language of joseph bonaparte is italian. he was born in ajaccio,	The native language of Joseph Bonaparte is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of goryeo is a monarchy, with the king as the head of	The basic form of government of Goryeo is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of juan antonio samaranch is spain.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Antonio Samaranch is
1	paper	the material used in napkin is generally a paper or a plastic film. the paper	The material used in napkin is
1	english	the native language of w. d. hamilton is english, but he has written a number of books	The native language of W. D. Hamilton is
0	catholicism	the religion of jeannie gaffigan is a mystery.

the wife of comedian bill	The religion of Jeannie Gaffigan is
1	republic	the basic form of government of cyprus is a parliamentary republic. the president is elected by the	The basic form of government of Cyprus is
0	piano	the instrument of petula clark is a beautiful, haunting, and very personal piece of	The instrument of Petula Clark is
1	english	the official language of thirteen colonies is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Thirteen Colonies is
1	taiwan	people's republic of china is territory claimed by the republic of china (taiwan) and the	People's Republic of China is territory claimed by
0	christianity	the religion of bjørnstjerne bjørnson is a matter of controversy. the most common view is	The religion of Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson is
0	albania	the country of black drin is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The country of Black Drin is
1	ireland	the country of county galway is located in the west of ireland. it is b	The country of County Galway is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by khalid of saudi arabia is arabic, english, and arabic.

kh	The languages spoken, written or signed by Khalid of Saudi Arabia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yuji naka is japan.

the country of citizenship of yu	The country of citizenship of Yuji Naka is
1	scotland	the original country of highland cattle is scotland, but the breed is now found in many	The original country of Highland cattle is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of franco zeffirelli is italy.

the country of citizenship of franco	The country of citizenship of Franco Zeffirelli is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf mössbauer is germany.

the country of citizenship of rud	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Mössbauer is
0	india	the country of darjeeling is a beautiful place to visit. it is a place	The country of Darjeeling is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of robert schumann is germany.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Robert Schumann is
0	colonel	the military rank of samuel colt is not known. he was born in 1814 in	The military rank of Samuel Colt is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of roque sáenz peña is peru.

roque sáenz pe	The country of citizenship of Roque Sáenz Peña is
0	buddhism	the religion of yingluck shinawatra is a mystery.

the former prime minister�	The religion of Yingluck Shinawatra is
1	spanish	the language of ozuna is a mixture of spanish and english, and the language	The language of Ozuna is
1	piano	the instrument of art tatum is the piano. he was a master of the instrument	The instrument of Art Tatum is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of abraham gottlob werner is germany.

the country of citizenship of abraham	The country of citizenship of Abraham Gottlob Werner is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of erich von dem bach-zelewski is germany.

the country of citizenship of er	The country of citizenship of Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of sharni vinson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Sharni Vinson is
0	canada	the country for sport played by terry sawchuk is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Terry Sawchuk is
0	france	the country of ancien régime is a country in the world of the game of the	The country of Ancien Régime is
0	var	toulon is located in the south of france, in the provence	Toulon is located in
1	france	the country for sport played by zinedine zidane is france. the country for sport played by zined	The country for sport played by Zinedine Zidane is
1	english	the language used in christmas island is a creole of english and the local language,	The language used in Christmas Island is
0	france	the country of citizenship of konstantin balmont is russia.

the country of citizenship of kon	The country of citizenship of Konstantin Balmont is
0	islam	the religion of ibn al-haytham is a matter of some controversy. the most common view	The religion of Ibn al-Haytham is
1	english	the official language of kiribati is english.

history

kirib	The official language of Kiribati is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of benito pérez galdós is spain.

the country of birth of ben	The country of citizenship of Benito Pérez Galdós is
0	germany	the original country of schlager music is austria, where it was first popularized by the	The original country of schlager music is
0	english	the language of lawfare blog is determined by its contributors. their work is edited and	The language of Lawfare Blog is
1	dutch	the native language of martinus wilhelm beijerinck is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on the 1	The native language of Martinus Wilhelm Beijerinck is
1	africa	the continent of tunisia is located in the north african region of africa. it	The continent of Tunisia is
1	baghdad	the capital of kingdom of iraq is baghdad. the capital of the republic of iraq is	The capital of Kingdom of Iraq is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of spectacled bear is "least concern".

references	The IUCN conservation status of spectacled bear is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of pyotr krasnov is russia.

the country of citizenship of anna	The country of citizenship of Pyotr Krasnov is
0	baseball	the sport played by kenesaw mountain landis is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Kenesaw Mountain Landis is
1	france	the original country of roquefort cheese is france, but it is now made in many countries	The original country of Roquefort cheese is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of ananda mahidol is thailand.

ananda mahidol is	The country of citizenship of Ananda Mahidol is
1	english	the native language of al green is english, but he has been singing in the blues	The native language of Al Green is
1	norway	queen maud land is territory claimed by the kingdom of norway. it is located in the	Queen Maud Land is territory claimed by
0	sanskrit	the official language of gurjara-pratihara is gurmukhi, which is a descendant of	The official language of Gurjara-Pratihara is
1	geneva	the headquarters location of world health organization is in geneva, switzerland.

the headquarters location	The headquarters location of World Health Organization is
0	denmark	the country of copenhagen metro is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Copenhagen Metro is
0	africa	the continent of almohad caliphate is a vast land of deserts and mountains, with a	The continent of Almohad Caliphate is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of august strindberg is sweden.

the country of residence of august	The country of citizenship of August Strindberg is
1	indonesia	the country of maluku islands is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of Maluku Islands is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of alice de chambrier is france.

the country of citizenship of alice	The country of citizenship of Alice de Chambrier is
1	english	the language of david copperfield is a mixture of english and french.

the	The language of David Copperfield is
0	piano	the instrument of lana lane is a double-edged sword. on the one hand	The instrument of Lana Lane is
1	english	the native language of wilford brimley is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Wilford Brimley is
0	comedy	the genre of pierre corneille is tragedy. the genre of shakespeare is tragedy. the	The genre of Pierre Corneille is
0	switzerland	the country of médecins sans frontières is a small, landlocked nation in central africa.	The country of Médecins Sans Frontières is
1	gymnastics	the sport played by international federation of gymnastics is a sport that is played by both men and women	The sport played by International Federation of Gymnastics is
1	french	the native language of nicolas-edme rétif is french. he was born in paris in 1734	The native language of Nicolas-Edme Rétif is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of emmy noether is not a degree in mathematics. it is a degree	The academic degree of Emmy Noether is
1	guitar	the instrument of craig benzine is a guitar, and the instrument of craig benzine	The instrument of Craig Benzine is
0	catholicism	the religion of grand duchy of lithuania is the orthodox christianity. the orthodox christianity is the state	The religion of Grand Duchy of Lithuania is
0	english	the language of a raisin in the sun is a rich and complex language. it is a language	The language of A Raisin in the Sun is
1	hungary	the country of borsod-abaúj-zemplén county is located in the north-east of hungary. the	The country of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County is
1	beer	the product or material produced of brewing is called beer. it is a fermented beverage made from	The product or material produced of brewing is
0	pitcher	the team position of bobby jenks is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Bobby Jenks is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of anousheh ansari is iran.

anousheh ansari	The country of citizenship of Anousheh Ansari is
1	italian	the native language of pierluigi collina is italian. he is a native speaker of italian,	The native language of Pierluigi Collina is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rajendra prasad is india.

the country of citizenship of raj	The country of citizenship of Rajendra Prasad is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of fernando botero is colombia.

the country of citizenship of fernando	The country of citizenship of Fernando Botero is
0	canada	the country of baffin island is located in the arctic circle, and is the northern	The country of Baffin Island is
1	japanese	the native language of takiji kobayashi is japanese. he was born in tokyo, japan.	The native language of Takiji Kobayashi is
0	english	the language of long day's journey into night is a rich and complex one. it is a language	The language of Long Day's Journey into Night is
0	english	the language of do the right thing is a language of the streets, a language of the	The language of Do the Right Thing is
0	count	the noble title of joseph i is a title of the holy roman empire, used by	The noble title of Joseph I is
0	pitcher	the team position of dave dravecky is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Dave Dravecky is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sourav ganguly is india.

the country of citizenship of sou	The country of citizenship of Sourav Ganguly is
0	baseball	the sport played by frank malzone is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Frank Malzone is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akio morita is japan.

the country of citizenship of nob	The country of citizenship of Akio Morita is
1	sudan	the country of darfur conflict is a region in the western part of sudan. it	The country of Darfur conflict is
1	sunset	sunset boulevard named after the film's star, a woman who is also	Sunset Boulevard named after
1	blue	the eye color of dyan cannon is blue. she was born on august 23, 1935	The eye color of Dyan Cannon is
1	india	the country of sambalpur is located in the eastern part of india. it is	The country of Sambalpur is
0	catholicism	the religion of ignacy mościcki is a mystery.

the polish-lith	The religion of Ignacy Mościcki is
0	france	the country for sport played by alain prost is the same as the country for sport played by the	The country for sport played by Alain Prost is
1	indonesia	the country of south sumatra is located in the province of west sumatra, indonesia	The country of South Sumatra is
0	connacht	county leitrim is located in the heart of ireland, in the province of le	County Leitrim is located in
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of tibetan empire is the dual system of government. the first system is	The basic form of government of Tibetan Empire is
1	japanese	the language of kimigayo is a mixture of japanese and korean. the japanese language	The language of Kimigayo is
0	christianity	the religion of eddie deezen is a mystery.

the former nfl defensive end	The religion of Eddie Deezen is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of bruno ganz is germany.

the country of citizenship of bruno	The country of citizenship of Bruno Ganz is
0	mongolia	the country of citizenship of altan khan is not known.

early life
altan	The country of citizenship of Altan Khan is
1	islam	the official religion of malacca sultanate is islam. the malay language is the official language	The official religion of Malacca sultanate is
0	mexico	nuevo león is located in the northern part of the state of tamaul	Nuevo León is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of léon jouhaux is france.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Léon Jouhaux is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of mario andretti is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Mario Andretti is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of vlade divac is serbia.

career

college	The country of citizenship of Vlade Divac is
0	english	the official language of scotland is scots, a celtic language that is closely related to	The official language of Scotland is
0	iran	the country of persian gardens is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Persian gardens is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sanjeev kumar is india.

the country of nationality of san	The country of citizenship of Sanjeev Kumar is
1	china	the original country of tai chi chuan is china. it was developed by the chinese military in	The original country of tai chi chuan is
0	english	the language of the merchant of venice is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of The Merchant of Venice is
1	sarajevo	the capital of republic of bosnia and herzegovina is sarajevo. the city is located in	The capital of Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	northumberland	river tyne is located in the north east of england, in the county of	River Tyne is located in
0	english	the language of a midsummer night's dream is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of A Midsummer Night's Dream is
1	hungary	the country of fejér county is located in the north-west of hungary, in	The country of Fejér County is
1	french	the native language of charles boyer is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Charles Boyer is
1	russia	the country of moscow theater hostage crisis is russia.

the country of moscow theater hostage	The country of Moscow theater hostage crisis is
0	christianity	the religion of cecília meireles is a mystery.

the brazilian woman, who	The religion of Cecília Meireles is
0	tonga	the country of citizenship of haloti ngata is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Haloti Ngata is
0	vietnam	the country of long xuyên is a small, mountainous, and remote country in the	The country of Long Xuyên is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of mercedes sosa is argentina.

mercedes sosa is a	The country of citizenship of Mercedes Sosa is
1	euro	the currency of saint pierre and miquelon is the euro (€). the euro is the currency	The currency of Saint Pierre and Miquelon is
0	germany	the country of deutsches institut für normung is a member of the international organization for standardization (	The country of Deutsches Institut für Normung is
0	english	the native language of emily dickinson is not known. she wrote in a variety of dialect	The native language of Emily Dickinson is
1	brazil	the country of tocantins river is located in the north of brazil, in the state	The country of Tocantins River is
0	english	the language of the kite runner is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful language. it	The language of The Kite Runner is
0	tasmania	bass strait is located in the southern part of the australian continent, between the	Bass Strait is located in
0	murder	giulio andreotti convicted of mafia association

the former italian prime minister giul	Giulio Andreotti convicted of
0	piano	the instrument of bobby short is a unique and powerful voice. he is a master	The instrument of Bobby Short is
0	catholicism	the religion of ellen pompeo is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Ellen Pompeo is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of angela downey is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Angela Downey is
0	buddhism	the religion of jinheung of silla is a religion of the korean people. it is a	The religion of Jinheung of Silla is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of mór jókai is hungary.

mór jókai	The country of citizenship of Mór Jókai is
0	english	the native language of chester a. arthur is not known. he was born in 1829 in	The native language of Chester A. Arthur is
1	guitar	the instrument of gerald casale is a guitar, and the instrument of mark lanegan	The instrument of Gerald Casale is
0	french	louis xv of france writing languages

louis xv of france was a polygl	Louis XV of France writing languages
0	austria	the country for sport played by karl schäfer is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Karl Schäfer is
1	guitar	the instrument of ad-rock is a guitar, and the instrument of mike d is	The instrument of Ad-Rock is
0	christianity	the religion of coloman is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Coloman is
1	oslo	the capital of norway is oslo. it is the largest city in norway and	The capital of Norway is
1	spain	community of madrid is located in the center of spain, in the north of the	Community of Madrid is located in
1	beijing	the headquarters location of china national space administration is in beijing.

the headquarters location of china	The headquarters location of China National Space Administration is
0	france	the country for sport played by philippe quintais is the united states.

philippe quintais	The country for sport played by Philippe Quintais is
0	spain	the country of concierto de aranjuez is a fictional country in the video game assassin's creed	The country of Concierto de Aranjuez is
0	greece	the country of mount olympus is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Mount Olympus is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of fred hollows is australia.

the country of citizenship of fred	The country of citizenship of Fred Hollows is
0	europe	the continent of flanders is a region of belgium, located in the northern part	The continent of Flanders is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of mōri motonari is unknown.

mōri motonari	The country of citizenship of Mōri Motonari is
1	english	the official language of botswana is english.

botswana is a land	The official language of Botswana is
0	france	the country of citizenship of chrétien de troyes is unknown.

the first known reference to him	The country of citizenship of Chrétien de Troyes is
1	basketball	the sport played by deandre jordan is basketball. the sport played by deandre jordan is	The sport played by DeAndre Jordan is
1	asia	the continent of irrawaddy river is located in the eastern part of asia. it is	The continent of Irrawaddy River is
1	spain	the country of alicante is located in the south of spain, in the province	The country of Alicante is
1	laos	the country of citizenship of sisavang vong is laos.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sisavang Vong is
1	limestone	the material used in puncak jaya is a mixture of granite and limestone. the granite is	The material used in Puncak Jaya is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl lagerfeld is germany.

karl lagerfeld is a	The country of citizenship of Karl Lagerfeld is
0	pitcher	the team position of aroldis chapman is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Aroldis Chapman is
0	iran	the country of tehran is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Tehran is
0	germany	the country of cologne cathedral is a small, but very beautiful, country. it	The country of Cologne Cathedral is
0	indonesia	the country of tarumanagara is a land of great beauty and natural wonders. the	The country of Tarumanagara is
1	polish	the native language of henryk sienkiewicz is polish. he was born in 1846 in the	The native language of Henryk Sienkiewicz is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by rafael josé urdaneta farías is spanish, english, french, portuguese, and italian	The languages spoken, written or signed by Rafael José Urdaneta Farías is
1	english	the official language of new jersey is english. however, the state has a large immigrant	The official language of New Jersey is
1	english	the native language of tori spelling is english, but she has been speaking french since she	The native language of Tori Spelling is
1	english	the native language of madonna is italian, but she has been singing in english since	The native language of Madonna is
0	hinduism	the religion of cheddi jagan is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Cheddi Jagan is
1	french	the native language of johnny hallyday is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Johnny Hallyday is
0	hinduism	the religion of atal bihari vajpayee is a mystery. he was a hindu, but he	The religion of Atal Bihari Vajpayee is
0	photographer	photography practiced by the majority of the world's population.	photography practiced by
0	guitar	the instrument of lee soo-man is a kind of a musical instrument that is not a	The instrument of Lee Soo-man is
0	blue	the eye color of dree hemingway is a mystery.

the first time i met	The eye color of Dree Hemingway is
0	jazz	the genre of sara niemietz is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Sara Niemietz is
0	english	the language of fifty shades of grey is a language of power. it is a language of	The language of Fifty Shades of Grey is
0	duke	the noble title of james ii of scotland is a title of the peerage of scotland. it	The noble title of James II of Scotland is
0	rca	the record label of dolly parton is celebrating the 50th anniversary of her first album,	The record label of Dolly Parton is
1	greece	the country of patras is located in the south of greece, in the pel	The country of Patras is
1	england	the country of citizenship of edith nesbit is not known. she was born in england, but	The country of citizenship of Edith Nesbit is
0	english	benjamin disraeli writing languages

benjamin disraeli was a british	Benjamin Disraeli writing languages
0	genetics	genome is studied by the use of a single-molecule approach	genome is studied by
0	english	the language of moby-dick is a kind of code, a code that is not	The language of Moby-Dick is
1	pakistan	the country of rahim yar khan is located in the north-western part of pakistan.	The country of Rahim Yar Khan is
0	english	the language of new scientist is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of New Scientist is
1	boston	the capital of massachusetts is boston, which is the largest city in the state	The capital of Massachusetts is
0	english	the native language of bebe rexha is albanian, but she’s been singing	The native language of Bebe Rexha is
1	france	the original country of camembert is france, but the cheese is now made in many	The original country of Camembert is
0	baseball	the sport played by cookie rojas is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Cookie Rojas is
0	linux	the operating system of adobe flash is a proprietary software application that is used to create and	The operating system of Adobe Flash is
0	catholicism	the religion of humberto delgado is a mystery.

the former pastor of a	The religion of Humberto Delgado is
0	english	the language of blade runner is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Blade Runner is
0	admiral	the military rank of alexander kolchak is not known.

biography

alexander	The military rank of Alexander Kolchak is
1	english	the language of e.t. the extra-terrestrial is a combination of english and spanish. the film was	The language of E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is
0	mass	the measured physical quantity of hundredweight is the weight of a hundredweight of a commodity.	The measured physical quantity of hundredweight is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of astor piazzolla is argentina.

the country of birth of ast	The country of citizenship of Astor Piazzolla is
0	english	the native language of g hannelius is dutch. he was born in the netherlands and studied	The native language of G Hannelius is
0	french	the language of waiting for godot is a language of the absurd. it is a language	The language of Waiting for Godot is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kiefer sutherland is the united states of america.

kief	The country of citizenship of Kiefer Sutherland is
1	russian	the native language of alexei abrikosov is russian. he was born in the city of vor	The native language of Alexei Abrikosov is
0	english	the language of joy to the world is a song of praise to god. it is a	The language of Joy to the World is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of kanō eitoku is unknown.

references

category:16	The country of citizenship of Kanō Eitoku is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of tara strong is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Tara Strong is
1	handball	the sport played by nikola karabatić is a variation of the sport of handball. it	The sport played by Nikola Karabatić is
0	blue	the eye color of dakota johnson is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Dakota Johnson is
1	english	the language of the bold and the beautiful is a mixture of american english and british english. the	The language of The Bold and the Beautiful is
0	soprano	the voice type of renata tebaldi is a very special one. it is a voice that	The voice type of Renata Tebaldi is
1	islam	the religion of khanate of khiva is islam.

history

the history of	The religion of Khanate of Khiva is
0	athlete	ball is used by the military to train soldiers in the use of the	ball is used by
1	italy	the country of cagliari is located in the south of italy, in the mediterranean	The country of Cagliari is
0	spain	the country of ibiza is a place of many things. it is a place	The country of Ibiza is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of jamie dwyer is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jamie Dwyer is
1	islam	the religion of mustafa iii is sunni islam.

mustafa iii was the	The religion of Mustafa III is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of steele rudd is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Steele Rudd is
1	english	the native language of herbert hoover is not english. it is not even american. it	The native language of Herbert Hoover is
1	moldova	chișinău is capital of the republic of moldova. it is located in	Chișinău is capital of
1	denmark	jutland is located in the north of denmark, and is the largest island	Jutland is located in
1	spanish	the official language of bolivia is spanish.

bolivia is a land	The official language of Bolivia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of thomas-alexandre dumas is france.

the country of citizenship of alexand	The country of citizenship of Thomas-Alexandre Dumas is
1	cairo	the residence of hosni mubarak is seen in cairo, egypt, saturday, jan.	The residence of Hosni Mubarak is
1	india	the country of thrissur is a small town in kerala, india. it is	The country of Thrissur is
1	english	the native language of ed sheeran is english, but he has been singing in his native	The native language of Ed Sheeran is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of rob moran is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Rob Moran is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of joko widodo is indonesia.

joko widodo was born	The country of citizenship of Joko Widodo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of agrippa d'aubigné is not known.

life

agripp	The country of citizenship of Agrippa d'Aubigné is
0	pitcher	the team position of cliff lee is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Cliff Lee is
1	spain	the country of la vanguardia is a small country in the north of spain. it	The country of La Vanguardia is
1	english	the native language of jim cummings is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Jim Cummings is
0	baseball	the sport played by johnny bench is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Johnny Bench is
0	tunisia	the country of sousse is a small, but beautiful, country in the north	The country of Sousse is
0	english	the native language of jerry brown is spanish. he speaks it fluently, and he	The native language of Jerry Brown is
0	brown	the eye color of crissy moran is a mystery.

the former university of oregon	The eye color of Crissy Moran is
1	colombia	the country of bogota is the capital of colombia, and the largest city in	The country of Bogota is
1	india	jammu and kashmir is located in the northern part of india. it is a state	Jammu and Kashmir is located in
0	english	the language of fast company is a little different than the language of the rest of	The language of Fast Company is
1	red	the color of social democratic party of germany is red. the color of the social democratic party of	The color of Social Democratic Party of Germany is
1	english	the language used in jamaica is english, and the jamaican people are very proud	The language used in Jamaica is
0	alberta	rocky mountains is located in the western part of the united states, in the	Rocky Mountains is located in
1	english	the native language of david palmer is english. he is a native speaker of american english	The native language of David Palmer is
1	spanish	the language of pedro páramo is a mixture of spanish and english, and the story	The language of Pedro Páramo is
1	japan	the original country of final fantasy vii is japan. the game was released in japan on december	The original country of Final Fantasy VII is
1	spain	the country of community of madrid is a region of spain, located in the center of	The country of Community of Madrid is
0	basketball	the sport played by ann meyers is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Ann Meyers is
1	russia	the country of khabarovsk is located in the russian far east, on the pacific	The country of Khabarovsk is
1	guitar	the instrument of john stamos is a guitar, and the instrument of david hassel	The instrument of John Stamos is
1	ontario	toronto is located in the province of ontario, canada. it is the	Toronto is located in
0	english	the language of the spectator is available in a variety of languages. to find out	The language of The Spectator is
0	antarctica	the continent of marie byrd land is the largest landmass in the arctic. it is	The continent of Marie Byrd Land is
0	marathi	the language used in goa is a mixture of portuguese and konkani. the	The language used in Goa is
0	english	the language of the amazing spider-man is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Amazing Spider-Man is
1	ireland	the original country of u2 is ireland. the band was formed in dublin in 1976	The original country of U2 is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of clive palmer is australia.

clive palmer is a citizen	The country of citizenship of Clive Palmer is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuhiro sasaki is japan.

the country of citizenship of kaz	The country of citizenship of Kazuhiro Sasaki is
1	vietnamese	the official language of north vietnam is vietnamese. the official language of south vietnam is vietnamese	The official language of North Vietnam is
1	finland	the country of oulu is located in the north of finland. it is the	The country of Oulu is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gustave caillebotte is unknown.

biography

gust	The country of citizenship of Gustave Caillebotte is
0	pitcher	the team position of burt hooton is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Burt Hooton is
0	poetry	the genre of frank o'hara is a bit of a mystery. he was a poet	The genre of Frank O'Hara is
0	admiral	the military rank of david farragut is unknown. he was a career naval officer who served	The military rank of David Farragut is
1	argentina	province of jujuy is located in the northwest of argentina, bordering the provinces of salt	Province of Jujuy is located in
0	rhine	mainz is located in or next to body of water.

the city is located in the rh	Mainz is located in or next to body of water
1	brazil	the country of maranhão is located in the northeast of brazil, and is the	The country of Maranhão is
1	france	the country of bordeaux is located in the southwest of france. it is the	The country of Bordeaux is
1	english	the native language of william shakespeare is not english, but it is the language of the	The native language of William Shakespeare is
0	christianity	the religion of chen shui-bian is a mystery.

the taiwanese president, who	The religion of Chen Shui-bian is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tekkan yosano is japan.

the country of citizenship of tek	The country of citizenship of Tekkan Yosano is
1	philippines	the country of cebu is located in the central part of the philippines. it	The country of Cebu is
1	buddhism	the religion of xuanzang is a form of buddhism, but it is not the	The religion of Xuanzang is
0	christian	the religion of jenna boyd is a mystery.

the 22-year-	The religion of Jenna Boyd is
0	english	the language used in cnn is not the language of the people. it is the	The language used in CNN is
0	germany	the original country of fight club is a place called “the united states of america	The original country of Fight Club is
1	english	the official language of south sudan is english.

history

the first european	The official language of South Sudan is
0	italy	the original country of sicilian pizza is the island of sicily, but the pizza is now	The original country of Sicilian pizza is
0	spain	the country of terrassa is located in the province of barcelona, in the autonomous	The country of Terrassa is
1	french	the native language of claude chabrol is french. he was born in paris on march 25	The native language of Claude Chabrol is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of roald amundsen is norway.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Roald Amundsen is
0	ireland	the country of english is a country of many languages. the english language is	The country of English is
0	turkey	the country of orient express is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Orient Express is
0	piano	the instrument of miley cyrus is a guitar, and the song is a cover of	The instrument of Miley Cyrus is
1	finnish	the native language of alvar aalto is finnish. he was born in the town of j	The native language of Alvar Aalto is
0	baseball	the sport played by ernest thayer is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Ernest Thayer is
0	catholicism	the religion of john cusack is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of John Cusack is
1	honolulu	the capital of kingdom of hawaiʻi is honolulu. honolulu is the largest city in the state	The capital of Kingdom of Hawaiʻi is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão havelange is angola.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of João Havelange is
1	france	the country of citizenship of augustin-louis cauchy is france.

the country of birth of august	The country of citizenship of Augustin-Louis Cauchy is
0	poetry	the genre of petrarch is the sonnet. the sonnet is a poem	The genre of Petrarch is
0	blue	the eye color of chloë sevigny is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Chloë Sevigny is
0	hinduism	the religion of purandara dasa is the religion of the vedas. he is the	The religion of Purandara Dasa is
0	india	the country of gandhinagar is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Gandhinagar is
0	forward	the team position of viktor orbán is not a secret. he is the leader of the	The team position of Viktor Orbán is
1	italy	the country of messina is located in the south of italy, in the region	The country of Messina is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of william shatner is canada.

the country of birth of william	The country of citizenship of William Shatner is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of wilfrid laurier is canada.

the country of citizenship of wil	The country of citizenship of Wilfrid Laurier is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of yasser arafat is palestine.

yasser arafat was born	The country of citizenship of Yasser Arafat is
1	nepal	the country of citizenship of pushpa kamal dahal is nepal.

the country of citizenship of push	The country of citizenship of Pushpa Kamal Dahal is
1	basketball	the sport played by fiba is basketball. the sport played by the nba is basketball	The sport played by FIBA is
0	colonel	the military rank of jerry l. ross is major general, united states army.

bi	The military rank of Jerry L. Ross is
0	antarctica	the continent of lake vostok is located in the antarctic, and is the largest of	The continent of Lake Vostok is
1	france	the country of montpellier is located in the south of france. it is a	The country of Montpellier is
0	english	the native language of marc jacobs is french, but he has been living in new york	The native language of Marc Jacobs is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ernie stautner is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ernie Stautner is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ranveer singh is india. ranveer singh is also a citizen	The country of citizenship of Ranveer Singh is
0	judaism	the religion of paul simon is a mystery.

the singer-songwriter	The religion of Paul Simon is
1	english	the official language of northern mariana islands is english.

history

the northern mar	The official language of Northern Mariana Islands is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by leopold ii of belgium is:

french

german

dutch	The languages spoken, written or signed by Leopold II of Belgium is
0	french	the language of war and peace is the language of the soul.

— leo	The language of War and Peace is
1	guitar	the instrument of courtney love is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Courtney Love is
1	french	the native language of valéry giscard d'estaing is french.

early life

gisc	The native language of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing is
0	basalt	the material used in mount erebus is a combination of a number of different materials. the	The material used in Mount Erebus is
0	australia	the original country of lowline cattle is unknown. they were first documented in the united states	The original country of Lowline cattle is
0	english	the language of this american life is a little bit like the language of a foreign country	The language of This American Life is
0	islam	the religion of muhammad of ghor is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Muhammad of Ghor is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of davi santos is brazil.

the country of citizenship of dav	The country of citizenship of Davi Santos is
0	english	the language of scientific american is the language of the world. it is the language	The language of Scientific American is
1	india	the country of citizenship of hrithik roshan is india.

hrithik rosh	The country of citizenship of Hrithik Roshan is
0	france	the country of citizenship of françois viète is unknown.

biography
françois	The country of citizenship of François Viète is
0	jazz	the genre of bobby kimball is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Bobby Kimball is
0	piano	the instrument of natalie cole is a beautiful, haunting, and powerful voice. she	The instrument of Natalie Cole is
0	india	the country of parbhani is located in the state of maharashtra in the western part	The country of Parbhani is
0	islam	the religion of aasif mandvi is a mystery.

the comedian, who has	The religion of Aasif Mandvi is
1	india	the country of kollam is located in the southernmost tip of india. it	The country of Kollam is
1	islam	the religion of joko widodo is a mixture of islam, christianity, and traditional beliefs	The religion of Joko Widodo is
0	night	morning follows the same pattern.

the first thing i	morning follows
1	baseball	the sport played by mike napoli is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Mike Napoli is
1	bengali	the official language of dhaka is bengali. the official language of the rest of	The official language of Dhaka is
1	baseball	the sport played by mookie betts is baseball. the sport played by mookie betts	The sport played by Mookie Betts is
1	botswana	gaborone is capital of botswana, a country in southern africa. it	Gaborone is capital of
0	judaism	the religion of louise sorel is a mystery.

she is a woman of	The religion of Louise Sorel is
0	romania	the country of bucharest is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Bucharest is
1	france	the country of citizenship of vincent auriol is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Vincent Auriol is
1	idaho	boise is capital of the state of idaho, and is the largest city	Boise is capital of
1	islam	the religion of ʿumar tal is a form of islam that is based on the teachings	The religion of ʿUmar Tal is
1	constantinople	the capital of latin empire is the city of constantinople, which is located on the	The capital of Latin Empire is
1	paris	the work location of jean léonard marie poiseuille is unknown. he was born in 1797 in paris	The work location of Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille is
1	sicily	the operating area of sicilian mafia is the island of sicily, which is divided into three	The operating area of Sicilian Mafia is
0	buddhism	the religion of jeremy piven is a secret.

the actor, who has	The religion of Jeremy Piven is
0	ireland	the basin country of irish sea is a region of the british isles, located in the	The basin country of Irish Sea is
0	catholicism	the religion of seamus heaney is a mystery. he is a poet of the most	The religion of Seamus Heaney is
1	english	the native language of mitt romney is not english.

the republican presidential candidate has	The native language of Mitt Romney is
0	france	the country of toulon is a small, but very beautiful, island in the	The country of Toulon is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of konrad adenauer is germany.

the country of citizenship of kon	The country of citizenship of Konrad Adenauer is
1	london	the headquarters location of royal society is in london, england.

the royal society	The headquarters location of Royal Society is
1	persian	the native language of saadi is persian.

the first edition of the book	The native language of Saadi is
1	pakistan	islamabad is capital of pakistan and the largest city of the country. it	Islamabad is capital of
0	bengali	the native language of abdul hamid khan bhashani is urdu. he was born in 1877 in	The native language of Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashani is
0	french	the native language of modibo keïta is bambara.

biography	The native language of Modibo Keïta is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of ahmed rushdi is not known.

rushdi was born in	The country of citizenship of Ahmed Rushdi is
0	green	the eye color of amanda bynes is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Amanda Bynes is
1	green	the color of kermit the frog is green.

kermit the frog is	The color of Kermit the Frog is
0	english	the language of what'd i say is a bit of a mystery. it's a bit	The language of What'd I Say is
0	blue	the eye color of helena mattsson is a mystery.

the swedish artist, who	The eye color of Helena Mattsson is
1	croatian	the official language of croatia is croatian, which is a south slavic language.	The official language of Croatia is
1	112	the emergency phone number of portugal is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Portugal is
0	asia	the continent of dutch east indies is located in the western part of the indo-australian	The continent of Dutch East Indies is
1	switzerland	the country of canton of valais is located in the south of switzerland. it is the	The country of canton of Valais is
0	russian	the official language of kyzyl is the kyrgyz language.

history	The official language of Kyzyl is
1	iran	the country of south khorasan province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of South Khorasan Province is
1	nigeria	sokoto state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria. it	Sokoto State is located in
0	austria	the country of citizenship of hans hollein is switzerland.

the country of residence of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Hollein is
0	france	the original country of lemon pie is the united states of america. the first recorded recipe	The original country of Lemon pie is
0	africa	the continent of lake tanganyika is home to a number of unique and endangered species.	The continent of Lake Tanganyika is
1	english	the language of take the "a" train is a mixture of english and yiddish. the	The language of Take the "A" Train is
1	india	the original country of curry is india. it is a spicy dish made with meat	The original country of curry is
1	italy	the country for sport played by pierluigi collina is italy.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Pierluigi Collina is
0	vietnam	the country of hải dương is a small island in the gulf of thailand, located	The country of Hải Dương is
1	area	the measured physical quantity of hectare is the area of a square with side length of one	The measured physical quantity of hectare is
1	guitar	the instrument of joe jonas is a guitar, and the instrument of joe jonas is	The instrument of Joe Jonas is
1	spanish	the official language of panama city is spanish.

history

the first inhabitants	The official language of Panama City is
0	english	the language used in university of st andrews is the same as that used in the rest of scotland	The language used in University of St Andrews is
1	damascus	umayyad mosque is located in the heart of the old city of damascus, syria	Umayyad Mosque is located in
1	iran	the country of citizenship of fat′h-ali shah qajar is iran.

the country of birth of fat	The country of citizenship of Fat′h-Ali Shah Qajar is
0	islam	the religion of nawabs of bengal and murshidabad is hinduism. the nawabs of bengal and mur	The religion of Nawabs of Bengal and Murshidabad is
0	austria	the country of tyrol is located in the heart of the alps, and is	The country of Tyrol is
1	pakistan	the country of sialkot is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is	The country of Sialkot is
0	tanzania	the country of maasai is located in the great rift valley of east africa.	The country of Maasai is
1	buddhism	the religion of toghon temür is a form of buddhism that was introduced to the mong	The religion of Toghon Temür is
0	french	richard i of england writing languages

richard i of england was a polygl	Richard I of England writing languages
0	brown	the eye color of anushka shetty is a mystery. she is a beautiful girl with a	The eye color of Anushka Shetty is
0	english	the language of illmatic is a language of the streets. it’s	The language of Illmatic is
1	indonesia	special region of yogyakarta is located in the center of the island of java, indonesia.	Special Region of Yogyakarta is located in
1	blue	the eye color of brad pitt is blue.

the eye color of brad pitt	The eye color of Brad Pitt is
0	catholicism	the religion of benito antonio martinez is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of benito antonio martinez is
0	abdullah	ibn al-muqaffa' given name

ibn al-muqaffa	Ibn al-Muqaffa' given name
0	pitcher	the team position of john montefusco is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of John Montefusco is
0	islam	the religion of shakib al hasan is a mystery.

the bangladesh cricket captain is	The religion of Shakib Al Hasan is
0	athlete	sports equipment is used by the players to improve their performance. the players are	sports equipment is used by
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by vitaliy klitschko is ukraine.

vitaliy klitschko	The country for sport played by Vitaliy Klitschko is
1	islam	the official religion of emirate of bukhara is islam. the majority of the population is sunni muslim	The official religion of Emirate of Bukhara is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of uemura shōen is japan.

references

external links	The country of citizenship of Uemura Shōen is
0	baritone	the voice type of robert merrill is a very important part of his music. he is	The voice type of Robert Merrill is
0	canada	the country of major league soccer is a melting pot of cultures, and the league is	The country of Major League Soccer is
0	brown	the eye color of katy mixon is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Katy Mixon is
1	guitar	the instrument of gg allin is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of GG Allin is
1	indonesia	the country of sunda islands is located in the western part of indonesia. it is	The country of Sunda Islands is
0	australia	leafy seadragon endemic to the waters of the gulf of mexico.	leafy seadragon endemic to
0	english	the native language of theodore roosevelt is dutch, and he was born in new york city	The native language of Theodore Roosevelt is
1	japan	the original country of resident evil is japan. the first game was released in 1996,	The original country of Resident Evil is
1	carthage	the capital of vandal kingdom is the city of carthage. it is located in	The capital of Vandal Kingdom is
1	september	august is followed by september, and september is followed by october, and	August is followed by
0	miocene	pliocene follows pliocene

the pliocene epoch	Pliocene follows
0	blue	the official color of nevada is "silver." the state's motto is "e	The official color of Nevada is
1	senegal	wolof is indigenous to senegal and is spoken by about 10 million people in	Wolof is indigenous to
0	germany	the country of citizenship of mayer amschel rothschild is a matter of dispute. the rothschild family is said	The country of citizenship of Mayer Amschel Rothschild is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of bernardo de gálvez y madrid, count of gálvez is the spanish state.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Bernardo de Gálvez y Madrid, Count of Gálvez is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of franca sozzani is italy.

the country of citizenship of franc	The country of citizenship of Franca Sozzani is
1	czech	the native language of milan kundera is czech, but he has been translated into more than	The native language of Milan Kundera is
0	english	the native language of ojibwe is ojibwe, a siouan language	The native language of Ojibwe is
0	portugal	azores is located in the atlantic ocean, between the azores and the	Azores is located in
0	violin	the instrument of allauddin khan is a unique instrument. it is a unique instrument because	The instrument of Allauddin Khan is
1	piano	the instrument of cecil taylor is a piano, and the instrument of john coltr	The instrument of Cecil Taylor is
0	jazz	the genre of jimmy durante is a bit of a mystery. he was a comedian	The genre of Jimmy Durante is
1	tuscany	leaning tower of pisa is located in pisa, tuscany, italy. it	Leaning Tower of Pisa is located in
0	tenor	the voice type of franco corelli is a very distinctive one. it is a very deep	The voice type of Franco Corelli is
0	morocco	the country of citizenship of mahmoud guinia is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Mahmoud Guinia is
0	basketball	the sport played by henry iba is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Henry Iba is
0	compact	the newspaper format of the times is a great fit for the way we work. it	The newspaper format of The Times is
1	odisha	bhubaneswar is capital of odisha and is the second largest city in india	Bhubaneswar is capital of
0	charleston	the capital of province of south carolina is the city of columbia. the city is located in	The capital of Province of South Carolina is
0	asia	the continent of kerala is located in the southernmost tip of india. it	The continent of Kerala is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of albert einstein is germany.

albert einstein was born on march	The country of citizenship of Albert Einstein is
1	english	the language of mister rogers' neighborhood is a blend of american english and british english.	The language of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood is
1	english	the official language of bermuda is english.

bermuda is a british	The official language of Bermuda is
1	mexico	sonora is located in the state of sonora, mexico. it is	Sonora is located in
0	brown	the eye color of adrienne barbeau is blue. she is a beautiful woman. she is	The eye color of Adrienne Barbeau is
1	somme	amiens is capital of the somme department in the picardy region of	Amiens is capital of
0	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of azita ghanizada is iran.

the country of citizenship of az	The country of citizenship of Azita Ghanizada is
0	cyprus	the country of citizenship of makarios iii is disputed. the greek government claims that he was born	The country of citizenship of Makarios III is
0	asia	the continent of south korea is home to a number of different languages, including korean	The continent of South Korea is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of salah jahin is the united arab emirates.

the country of	The country of citizenship of Salah Jahin is
0	canvas	the material used in portrait of an artist (pool with two figures) is a very special one. it is a very rare	The material used in Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures) is
0	japanese	the language of final fantasy vii is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of Final Fantasy VII is
0	pitcher	the team position of lamarr hoyt is a bit of a mystery. he was a third	The team position of LaMarr Hoyt is
1	blue	the eye color of chris hemsworth is blue.

the eye color of chris hem	The eye color of Chris Hemsworth is
1	a	the blood type of maaya sakamoto is a.

the blood type of maaya	The blood type of Maaya Sakamoto is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of meyer guggenheim is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Meyer Guggenheim is
1	madrid	the headquarters location of el país is in madrid, spain.

history	The headquarters location of El País is
0	french	the language of declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen is a remarkable document. it is a remarkable document because	The language of Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen is
1	french	the native language of louis de funès is french, but he has been dubbed the "french	The native language of Louis de Funès is
0	french	the native language of eddie constantine is english, but he has been a part of the	The native language of Eddie Constantine is
1	argentina	argentine antarctica is territory claimed by argentina and chile. the two countries have been in	Argentine Antarctica is territory claimed by
1	english	the language used in norfolk island is a dialect of english, with some words and phrases	The language used in Norfolk Island is
1	dutch	the official language of aruba is dutch.

currency: aruban	The official language of Aruba is
1	swedish	the native language of tove jansson is finnish, but she wrote in swedish. she was	The native language of Tove Jansson is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ashok kumar is india.

the country of citizenship of ash	The country of citizenship of Ashok Kumar is
0	christianity	the religion of taiwanese aborigines is a unique blend of animism, buddhism, and	The religion of Taiwanese aborigines is
0	islam	the religion of rhoma irama is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Rhoma Irama is
1	nevada	carson city is located in the heart of the beautiful nevada desert. the city	Carson City is located in
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of eugenio suárez is not known.

eugenio suá	The country of citizenship of Eugenio Suárez is
1	holland	the hague is located in the province of south holland in the netherlands. the	The Hague is located in
1	latin	the language of proslogion is a mixture of latin and greek, and the	The language of Proslogion is
0	christian	the religion of ridley scott is a mystery.

the director of alien,	The religion of Ridley Scott is
1	clay	the material used in wattle and daub is usually clay, but sometimes a mixture of clay and	The material used in wattle and daub is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira kamiya is japan.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Akira Kamiya is
1	english	the native language of rachel platten is english, but she has been singing in spanish since	The native language of Rachel Platten is
0	denmark	the country of danish krone is a member of the european union and the eurozone	The country of Danish krone is
0	japan	the country for sport played by cho hun-hyun is the republic of korea.

cho hun-	The country for sport played by Cho Hun-hyun is
1	english	the native language of dakota johnson is english, but she’s been speaking dakota	The native language of Dakota Johnson is
1	english	the language used in johns hopkins university is the english language.

the johns hopkins university	The language used in Johns Hopkins University is
1	maryland	annapolis is capital of maryland, and the state's capital is annapolis	Annapolis is capital of
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of prince aly khan is india.

prince aly khan was born in	The country of citizenship of Prince Aly Khan is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of margarita simonyan is russia.

the country of citizenship of marg	The country of citizenship of Margarita Simonyan is
1	spain	the country of valladolid is located in the northwest of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Valladolid is
1	baroque	renaissance is followed by the baroque, the rococo, the	Renaissance is followed by
0	christian	the religion of wang leehom is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Wang Leehom is
0	sugar	the material used in hot chocolate is cocoa powder, which is a mixture of theob	The material used in hot chocolate is
1	france	the country of limoges is located in the south of france. it is a	The country of Limoges is
0	piano	the instrument of claudio arrau is a unique and beautiful instrument. it is a combination	The instrument of Claudio Arrau is
1	netherlands	the country of delft is a small, but very beautiful city in the netherlands	The country of Delft is
0	argentina	the participant of falklands war is a man who is not only a hero, but	The participant of Falklands War is
0	cornwall	cornish is located in the heart of the cornish countryside, and is	Cornish is located in
1	german	the native language of adam johann von krusenstern is german.

biography

krus	The native language of Adam Johann von Krusenstern is
0	cantonese	the native language of terence tao is english. he has been a professor of mathematics at	The native language of Terence Tao is
0	france	the country of citizenship of arthur saint-léon is not known.

biography

arthur	The country of citizenship of Arthur Saint-Léon is
1	paris	the headquarters location of collège de france is in the latin quarter of paris, france.	The headquarters location of Collège de France is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hikaru utada is japan.

hikaru utada is	The country of citizenship of Hikaru Utada is
1	german	the language of the neverending story is a mixture of german, english, and french.	The language of The Neverending Story is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of i. m. pei is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of I. M. Pei is
0	english	the language of the onion is a kind of code. it’s a	The language of The Onion is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gaspard ii de coligny is unknown. he was born in the late 14th	The country of citizenship of Gaspard II de Coligny is
0	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by italo calvino is a list of the languages he has used in his	The languages spoken, written or signed by Italo Calvino is
0	motown	the record label of michael jackson is the most successful record label in the history of music	The record label of Michael Jackson is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of ann richards is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ann Richards is
0	italy	the country of allied invasion of sicily is a small island in the mediterranean sea. it is	The country of Allied invasion of Sicily is
0	islam	the religion of mohamed naguib is a mystery.

the egyptian president, who	The religion of Mohamed Naguib is
1	english	the language of bonanza is a mixture of english and spanish. the spanish words	The language of Bonanza is
0	brown	the eye color of rosario dawson is a mystery.

the actress, who is	The eye color of Rosario Dawson is
1	japan	the country of sendai is located in the tohoku region of japan.	The country of Sendai is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of komsomolskaya pravda is in moscow, russia.

history	The headquarters location of Komsomolskaya Pravda is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kailash satyarthi is india.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kailash Satyarthi is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of oscar de la hoya is mexico.

oscar de la hoya	The country of citizenship of Oscar De La Hoya is
1	english	the native language of penny marshall is english, but she was born in brooklyn, new	The native language of Penny Marshall is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of yan gomes is the united states.

yan gomes is	The country of citizenship of Yan Gomes is
0	poetry	the genre of marina tsvetaeva is a difficult one to define. she was a poet	The genre of Marina Tsvetaeva is
0	english	the language of the brief wondrous life of oscar wao is a beautiful, poetic, and sometimes difficult language.	The language of The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of joaquín cortés is not known.

career
cort	The country of citizenship of Joaquín Cortés is
0	opera	the genre of claudio abbado is the most difficult one to define. he is a	The genre of Claudio Abbado is
0	english	the language of the human condition is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of The Human Condition is
0	germany	the country of stecknitz canal is a small country in the north of the continent of	The country of Stecknitz Canal is
1	treason	philippe pétain convicted of treason

philippe pétain, the	Philippe Pétain convicted of
0	brown	the eye color of megyn price is blue. she has a long, straight nose,	The eye color of Megyn Price is
0	piano	the instrument of stacie orrico is a violin. it is a beautiful instrument, and	The instrument of Stacie Orrico is
1	guitar	the instrument of merrill osmond is a guitar, and the instrument of merrill osm	The instrument of Merrill Osmond is
0	basketball	the sport played by dana barros is a little like a cross between soccer and rugby.	The sport played by Dana Barros is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rosa luxemburg is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Rosa Luxemburg is
1	french	the native language of annie girardot is french. she was born in paris, france,	The native language of Annie Girardot is
0	brown	the eye color of kyla pratt is a mystery.

the 5-year-	The eye color of Kyla Pratt is
1	guitar	the instrument of cliff richard is a guitar, and the instrument of cliff richard is	The instrument of Cliff Richard is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro de alvarado is not known.

pedro de alvar	The country of citizenship of Pedro de Alvarado is
1	english	the native language of jeffrey wright is english, but he’s been speaking it	The native language of Jeffrey Wright is
1	uganda	the country of kampala is located in the central part of uganda, and is	The country of Kampala is
0	pitcher	the team position of takashi saito is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Takashi Saito is
0	opera	the genre of das rheingold is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The genre of Das Rheingold is
0	islam	the religion of noor jehan is a mystery. she was born in 1789,	The religion of Noor Jehan is
0	france	the original country of scrambled eggs is thought to be china, where they are called "	The original country of scrambled eggs is
0	nanjing	the capital of eastern wu is located in the southern part of the modern-day	The capital of Eastern Wu is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by maría gitana agnesi is:

spanish

italian

english	The languages spoken, written or signed by María Gitana Agnesi is
0	berlin	the residence of klaus kinski is a museum of horror. the walls are covered with	The residence of Klaus Kinski is
1	112	the emergency phone number of bulgaria is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Bulgaria is
0	catholicism	the religion of alonso quijano is a mystery.

the only thing we know	The religion of Alonso Quijano is
1	australia	western grey kangaroo endemic to the australian continent. it is the only kang	Western grey kangaroo endemic to
1	russia	republic of buryatia is located in the northwest of russia, in the north of the	Republic of Buryatia is located in
0	togo	the country of lomé is a small, landlocked nation in west africa.	The country of Lomé is
0	canada	the country of groundhog day is a land of extremes. it is a land of	The country of Groundhog Day is
1	french	the language used in conakry is a mixture of french, english, and local languages	The language used in Conakry is
0	linguistics	language family is studied by the linguist.

the term "language	language family is studied by
0	jazz	the genre of fela anikulapo kuti is afrobeat. the genre of fela an	The genre of Fela Anikulapo Kuti is
0	lagos	the capital of nigeria is abuja, which is located in the federal capital	The capital of Nigeria is
0	belgium	the original country of french fries is thought to be the netherlands, where the first recorded	The original country of french fries is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by alessandra ferri is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alessandra Ferri is
0	baseball	the sport played by sadaharu oh is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Sadaharu Oh is
0	basketball	the sport played by xavier mcdaniel is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Xavier McDaniel is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of michael o'hanrahan is ireland.

the country of citizenship of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael O'Hanrahan is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of gabriel batistuta is argentina.

international goals
scores and	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Batistuta is
0	english	the language of ethan frome is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Ethan Frome is
1	islam	the religion of sultan galiev is a mixture of islam and shamanism. the religion	The religion of Sultan Galiev is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie antoinette is not known. she was born in 1755 in	The country of citizenship of Marie Antoinette is
0	physics	symmetry breaking is studied by means of the $1/n_c$	symmetry breaking is studied by
0	spain	the country of citizenship of álvar núñez cabeza de vaca is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca is
0	english	the language of international union for conservation of nature is used in this article.

introduction {#	The language of International Union for Conservation of Nature is
1	english	the native language of alexander woollcott is not english, but he was born in new york	The native language of Alexander Woollcott is
0	asia	the continent of qin dynasty is located in the northern part of china. it is	The continent of Qin dynasty is
1	india	the country of citizenship of virat kohli is india.

virat kohli is	The country of citizenship of Virat Kohli is
1	building	the product or material produced of construction is the building. the building is the product. the	The product or material produced of construction is
1	russia	the country of petrozavodsk is located in the northwest of russia, in the k	The country of Petrozavodsk is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alfred de musset is not known.

biography

a	The country of citizenship of Alfred de Musset is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of lothar matthäus is germany.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Lothar Matthäus is
1	russian	the native language of fyodor dostoyevsky is russian. he was born in moscow in 1821	The native language of Fyodor Dostoyevsky is
1	spain	the country of university of navarre is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous	The country of University of Navarre is
1	chinese	the official language of shenzhen is simplified chinese, but the city is also home	The official language of Shenzhen is
1	english	the native language of bill daily is english. he is a native speaker of american english	The native language of Bill Daily is
1	brazil	the basin country of são francisco river is located in the brazilian state of maranhão	The basin country of São Francisco River is
1	english	the native language of faizon love is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Faizon Love is
0	basketball	the sport played by dražen petrović is a combination of tennis and squash. it is played	The sport played by Dražen Petrović is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of tommy lucchese is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Tommy Lucchese is
0	english	the language of the tonight show is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Tonight Show is
0	blue	the eye color of teresa ganzel is a mystery.

the actress, who played	The eye color of Teresa Ganzel is
1	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of anastasio somoza debayle is nicaragua.

anastasio somoza	The country of citizenship of Anastasio Somoza Debayle is
0	english	the language used in federated states of micronesia is a micronesian language, which is a member	The language used in Federated States of Micronesia is
0	mexico	the country of ciudad lópez mateos is a small, but important, country in the world	The country of Ciudad López Mateos is
1	piano	the instrument of erik satie is a piano, and the instrument of erik satie	The instrument of Erik Satie is
1	italian	the language of orlando furioso is a mixture of italian, spanish, french, and	The language of Orlando Furioso is
1	australia	the original country of hilltop hoods is australia, but the group has been making music for	The original country of Hilltop Hoods is
0	captain	the military rank of hanna reitsch is not known.

hanna reitsch was	The military rank of Hanna Reitsch is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of moshe sharett is israel.

moshe sharett was born	The country of citizenship of Moshe Sharett is
0	china	the country of citizenship of wang ming is not known.

wang ming was born	The country of citizenship of Wang Ming is
1	english	the official language of tennessee is english. however, the state also recognizes the cherokee	The official language of Tennessee is
1	nigeria	katsina state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria. it	Katsina State is located in
0	christmas	the public holiday of brazil is the brazilian independence day, which is celebrated on the	The public holiday of Brazil is
1	english	the native language of meghan strange is english. she is a native speaker of american english	The native language of Meghan Strange is
1	spanish	the language used in los lagos region is a mixture of spanish and quechua.	The language used in Los Lagos Region is
1	english	the native language of william h. seward is not english, but german. he was born in	The native language of William H. Seward is
0	catholicism	the religion of dutch schultz is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Dutch Schultz is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ratan tata is india.

ratan tata is a citizen	The country of citizenship of Ratan Tata is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of maria malibran is not known. she was born in spain, but	The country of citizenship of Maria Malibran is
1	o	the blood type of masashi kishimoto is a.

masashi kishimoto is	The blood type of Masashi Kishimoto is
0	pitcher	the team position of jerry koosman is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Jerry Koosman is
0	france	the country of citizenship of berthe morisot is unknown.

biography

bert	The country of citizenship of Berthe Morisot is
1	basketball	the sport played by ray allen is basketball. he is a basketball player. he is	The sport played by Ray Allen is
0	greece	the country of greek cuisine is a land of many wonders. the food is rich	The country of Greek cuisine is
1	o	the blood type of go nagai is a.

go nagai (born july	The blood type of Go Nagai is
1	italian	the language used in university of bologna is italian.

the university of bologna	The language used in University of Bologna is
0	brazil	the country of florianópolis is located in the state of santa catarina,	The country of Florianópolis is
0	guitar	the instrument of britta phillips is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Britta Phillips is
1	italy	the country of bergamo is located in the north of italy, in the lomb	The country of Bergamo is
0	willem	william iv, prince of orange given name william henry, duke of gloucester, duke of	William IV, Prince of Orange given name
0	philosophy	the main subject of tractatus logico-philosophicus is the nature of logical truth. the book is divided	The main subject of Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus is
1	sanskrit	the official language of paramara dynasty is sanskrit. the paramara kings were the first to	The official language of Paramara dynasty is
1	paris	the capital of neustria is the city of paris. the capital of the province	The capital of Neustria is
1	botswana	the country of citizenship of seretse khama is botswana.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Seretse Khama is
1	112	the emergency phone number of indonesia is 112.

the emergency phone number of malaysia	The emergency phone number of Indonesia is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of vinny castilla is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Vinny Castilla is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of aki kaurismäki is finland.

aki kaurismä	The country of citizenship of Aki Kaurismäki is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of wilmer valderrama is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Wilmer Valderrama is
0	baseball	the sport played by j. t. realmuto is a game of inches.

the marlins�	The sport played by J. T. Realmuto is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of miuccia prada is italy.

the country of citizenship of patri	The country of citizenship of Miuccia Prada is
0	argentina	santa fe province is located in the north of the country, in the region of	Santa Fe Province is located in
1	february	january is followed by february, march, april, may, june,	January is followed by
0	christianity	the religion of vic mignogna is a cult.

the religion of vic m	The religion of Vic Mignogna is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of carl gustaf mosander is sweden.

the country of citizenship of carl	The country of citizenship of Carl Gustaf Mosander is
0	greece	the country of greek civil war is a country in the mediterranean sea, located in the	The country of Greek Civil War is
1	ukraine	the country of kryvyi rih is located in the south of ukraine, in the region	The country of Kryvyi Rih is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of fritz hoffmann-la roche is switzerland.

the country of residence of fritz	The country of citizenship of Fritz Hoffmann-La Roche is
0	france	the country of citizenship of louis le vau is unknown.

biography

louis le	The country of citizenship of Louis Le Vau is
1	greece	the country of thessaloniki is located in the northern part of greece. it is	The country of Thessaloniki is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shibata zeshin is japan.

the country of citizenship of shib	The country of citizenship of Shibata Zeshin is
1	judaism	the religion of jewish people is judaism. the religion of the samaritans is samar	The religion of Jewish people is
0	english	the language of spongebob squarepants is a fictional language, created by animator stephen hill	The language of SpongeBob SquarePants is
0	opera	the genre of fritz kreisler is the viennese classical style. it is a	The genre of Fritz Kreisler is
0	indonesia	the basin country of flores sea is located in the western part of the pacific ocean,	The basin country of Flores Sea is
0	basketball	the sport played by mehmet okur is a game of inches.

okur,	The sport played by Mehmet Okur is
1	sweden	the country of stora sjöfallet national park is located in the north of sweden. it is a	The country of Stora Sjöfallet National Park is
1	punjab	rawalpindi is located in the punjab province of pakistan. it is the capital	Rawalpindi is located in
1	spanish	the native language of andrés segovia torres is spanish. he was born in madrid, spain,	The native language of Andrés Segovia Torres is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of lorenz oken is not well known. he was a german naturalist	The academic degree of Lorenz Oken is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of stefan schnabel is germany.

the country of citizenship of stefan	The country of citizenship of Stefan Schnabel is
0	english	the language of the apartment is a little bit like the language of the graduate.	The language of The Apartment is
0	japan	the country of mount fuji is a land of contrasts. the capital, tokyo,	The country of Mount Fuji is
0	islam	the religion of adama barrow is a mystery.

the former president of the	The religion of Adama Barrow is
1	french	the native language of pierre-simon laplace is french. he was born in 1749 in the	The native language of Pierre-Simon Laplace is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean étienne championnet is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Étienne Championnet is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of jacinto benavente is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Jacinto Benavente is
1	english	the language of land of hope and glory is a mixture of english and hindi. the hindi words	The language of Land of Hope and Glory is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of howard florey is australia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Howard Florey is
1	german	the native language of ernst lubitsch is german. he was born in 1892 in berlin	The native language of Ernst Lubitsch is
1	zhejiang	hangzhou is capital of zhejiang province, located in the southeast of	Hangzhou is capital of
0	baseball	the sport played by rick wise is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Rick Wise is
1	english	the native language of clint eastwood is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Clint Eastwood is
0	christianity	the religion of mikhail gorbachev is a mystery.

the soviet leader, who	The religion of Mikhail Gorbachev is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of natascha kampusch is austria.

the country of residence of nat	The country of citizenship of Natascha Kampusch is
0	jazz	the genre of ahmet ertegün is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Ahmet Ertegün is
0	brown	the eye color of elisabeth shue is blue. she is a famous actress and singer.	The eye color of Elisabeth Shue is
1	french	the native language of cyrano de bergerac is french, but he wrote in latin. he was	The native language of Cyrano de Bergerac is
1	hindi	the official language of ghaziabad is hindi.

references

category:gh	The official language of Ghaziabad is
1	guitar	the instrument of dion dimucci is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Dion DiMucci is
0	japan	the country of seiko epson is a small island in the pacific ocean. it is	The country of Seiko Epson is
0	major	the military rank of chapman grant is unknown.

grant was born in 1885	The military rank of Chapman Grant is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of pêro da covilhã is portugal.

the country of citizenship of p	The country of citizenship of Pêro da Covilhã is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by sultan bin mohamed al-qasimi is arabic, english, and english.

the	The languages spoken, written or signed by Sultan bin Mohamed Al-Qasimi is
0	egypt	the country of monufia governorate is located in the north-eastern part of the	The country of Monufia Governorate is
1	english	the native language of neil armstrong is not english, but he was a native speaker of	The native language of Neil Armstrong is
0	india	the country of jamshedpur is located in the state of jharkhand,	The country of Jamshedpur is
0	antarctica	the continent of ross sea is a vast, icy expanse of land and sea	The continent of Ross Sea is
0	india	the country of chaturanga is a land of many wonders. the people are friendly	The country of Chaturanga is
0	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by nicki minaj is:

nicki minaj is a rapper	The languages spoken, written or signed by Nicki Minaj is
1	tibet	lhasa is capital of tibet and the largest city in the world. it	Lhasa is capital of
1	english	the native language of will swenson is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Will Swenson is
1	english	the official language of zimbabwe is english.

zimbabwe is a landlocked	The official language of Zimbabwe is
1	uzbekistan	the country of citizenship of shavkat mirziyoyev is uzbekistan.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Shavkat Mirziyoyev is
1	arabic	the official language of oman is arabic. english is widely spoken in the capital,	The official language of Oman is
1	netherlands	overijssel is located in the province of overijssel in the netherlands	Overijssel is located in
0	middlesex	the historic county of westminster abbey is located in the city of westminster, london, england	The historic county of Westminster Abbey is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of ag qoyunlu tribe is the tribal council. the council is composed of the	The basic form of government of Ag Qoyunlu Tribe is
0	assam	manipur shares a border with bangladesh and myanmar.

the manipur government	Manipur shares a border with
1	austria	the country of citizenship of hugo von hofmannsthal is austria.

the nationality of hugo von hof	The country of citizenship of Hugo von Hofmannsthal is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of demetriοs vikelas is greece.

the country of citizenship of dem	The country of citizenship of Demetriοs Vikelas is
1	hindi	the language used in himachal pradesh is a mixture of hindi and english. the official language	The language used in Himachal Pradesh is
1	japan	the country of university of tokyo is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of University of Tokyo is
0	colonel	the military rank of leonid brezhnev is not known.

biography

early	The military rank of Leonid Brezhnev is
1	islam	the religion of hadi saei is islam. he is a shia muslim.	The religion of Hadi Saei is
0	june	may is followed by the summer holidays, and the school year is about	May is followed by
0	pitcher	the team position of billy pierce is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Billy Pierce is
0	modernism	minimalism influenced by the work of the artist and architect charles and ray	minimalism influenced by
1	india	the country of howrah is a small town in west bengal, india. it	The country of Howrah is
0	english	the language of a brief history of time is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of A Brief History of Time is
1	cameroon	the country of douala is located in the western part of the republic of cameroon	The country of Douala is
1	basketball	the sport played by harlem globetrotters is basketball. the sport played by the harlem globet	The sport played by Harlem Globetrotters is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of gillis grafström is sweden.

the country of citizenship of gill	The country of citizenship of Gillis Grafström is
1	german	the native language of kurt georg kiesinger is german. he was born in the city of le	The native language of Kurt Georg Kiesinger is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of renata tebaldi is italy.

the country of citizenship of ren	The country of citizenship of Renata Tebaldi is
0	guitar	the instrument of billy west is a voice. it is a voice that is both	The instrument of Billy West is
1	baseball	the sport played by abner doubleday is called baseball. it is played by abner dou	The sport played by Abner Doubleday is
0	cricket	the sport played by douglas jardine is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Douglas Jardine is
0	english	the language of new international version is used throughout this website.

the bible	The language of New International Version is
0	tunisia	the country of carthage is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Carthage is
0	jazz	the genre of monica lewis is a little bit like the genre of the “	The genre of Monica Lewis is
1	english	the language used in british indian ocean territory is english, with a few words of the local language	The language used in British Indian Ocean Territory is
0	duke	the noble title of edward iii of england is the most famous of all english titles. it is	The noble title of Edward III of England is
1	english	the native language of matt k. miller is english. he has been a professional writer for over	The native language of Matt K. Miller is
1	english	the native language of thomas playford is english, but he was born in the netherlands and	The native language of Thomas Playford is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of melvin mora is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Melvin Mora is
1	sanskrit	the language of kadambari is a mixture of sanskrit and tamil. the sanskrit words	The language of Kadambari is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of robert frank is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Robert Frank is
0	berlin	the residence of lotte lenya is a small, two-story house in the middle	The residence of Lotte Lenya is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of d'angelo russell is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of D'Angelo Russell is
1	indonesia	the country of kalimantan is located in the indonesian part of borneo.	The country of Kalimantan is
1	africa	the continent of the gambia is located in west africa, and is bordered by	The continent of The Gambia is
1	english	the native language of lil wayne is english, but he has been rapping in a	The native language of Lil Wayne is
0	english	the language of astral weeks is a language of its own. it is a language	The language of Astral Weeks is
0	english	the language of the elements of style is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Elements of Style is
0	brown	the eye color of bree sharp is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Bree Sharp is
0	england	the original country of greensleeves is unknown, but it is believed to be a celtic	The original country of Greensleeves is
0	brown	the eye color of brandy aniston is blue. she was born on august 19, 1969	The eye color of Brandy Aniston is
0	french	the language used in ontario is a bit different than the language used in the rest	The language used in Ontario is
1	piano	the instrument of george gershwin is a piano, and the instrument of john coltr	The instrument of George Gershwin is
0	english	the language used in university of alabama is not the same as the language used in the rest	The language used in University of Alabama is
0	asia	the continent of russia is a vast landmass, stretching from the atlantic ocean	The continent of Russia is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideki yukawa is japan.

hideki yukawa was born	The country of citizenship of Hideki Yukawa is
0	linebacker	the team position of dont'a hightower is a bit of a mystery.

the patriots	The team position of Dont'a Hightower is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean de meun is not known. he was born in the late 13	The country of citizenship of Jean de Meun is
1	france	the country of citizenship of zizi jeanmaire is france.

the country of citizenship of z	The country of citizenship of Zizi Jeanmaire is
1	connecticut	hartford is capital of the state of connecticut, and is the largest city	Hartford is capital of
0	english	the language of gravity falls is a strange and beautiful thing. it’s	The language of Gravity Falls is
0	piano	the instrument of kristina anapau is a small, black, plastic box. it is	The instrument of Kristina Anapau is
1	germany	the country for sport played by lothar matthäus is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Lothar Matthäus is
1	software	the product or material produced of free software foundation is a copyrighted work. the copyright holder is the free	The product or material produced of Free Software Foundation is
1	russia	the country of vladivostok is located in the far east of russia, on the	The country of Vladivostok is
0	greece	the country of parthenon is a land of beauty and mystery. it is a	The country of Parthenon is
0	blue	the eye color of tanya roberts is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Tanya Roberts is
1	london	the place of publication of opticks, or a treatise of the reflections, refractions, inflections and colours of light is london, printed for j. d. and w	The place of publication of Opticks, or a Treatise of the Reflections, Refractions, Inflections and Colours of Light is
0	pitcher	the team position of dean chance is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Dean Chance is
1	japan	the country of shizuoka prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Shizuoka Prefecture is
1	baseball	the sport played by ryan ludwick is baseball. he is a left-handed hitter who	The sport played by Ryan Ludwick is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jacques rabemananjara is madagascar.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jacques Rabemananjara is
0	philippines	the country of northern mindanao is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Northern Mindanao is
0	canada	the country of banff national park is a beautiful place to visit. it is a place	The country of Banff National Park is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of peter carl fabergé is russia.

the country of residence of peter	The country of citizenship of Peter Carl Fabergé is
1	islam	the official religion of golden horde is islam.

history

the golden horde	The official religion of Golden Horde is
0	arizona	navajo nation is located in the state of new mexico, united states. the	Navajo Nation is located in
0	violin	the instrument of paul klee is a kind of musical instrument. it is a kind	The instrument of Paul Klee is
0	france	auvergne is located in the department of haute-vienne in the	Auvergne is located in
0	christianity	the religion of rollo is a mystery. he is a man of few words	The religion of Rollo is
1	saxophone	the instrument of wayne shorter is a saxophone, and the instrument of herbie	The instrument of Wayne Shorter is
1	english	the native language of uriah shelton is english.

biography

uri	The native language of Uriah Shelton is
1	slovakia	bratislava is located in the north-eastern part of slovakia, in	Bratislava is located in
0	emi	the record label of ac/dc is the most successful in the history of the music industry	The record label of AC/DC is
1	spanish	the language of sábado gigante is a mixture of spanish and portuguese, and the show	The language of Sábado Gigante is
1	ghana	the country of kumasi is located in the ashanti region of ghana. it	The country of Kumasi is
0	musical	the genre of richard rodgers is a bit of a mystery. he wrote some of	The genre of Richard Rodgers is
1	india	the country of citizenship of anil kapoor is india.

anil kapoor is a	The country of citizenship of Anil Kapoor is
0	marshal	the military rank of mobutu sese seko is general of the army.

the military rank	The military rank of Mobutu Sese Seko is
0	astronomy	the main subject of nebular hypothesis is the origin of the chemical elements. the hypothesis is	The main subject of nebular hypothesis is
1	singapore	the country of citizenship of lee hsien loong is singapore.

the country of citizenship of lee	The country of citizenship of Lee Hsien Loong is
1	aristotle	avicenna influenced by the works of aristotle, galen, and av	Avicenna influenced by
1	guitar	the instrument of alejandro sanz is a guitar, and the instrument of alejandro san	The instrument of Alejandro Sanz is
0	ukraine	the original country of ivanhorod einsatzgruppen photograph is unknown.

the original country of ivanhor	The original country of Ivanhorod Einsatzgruppen photograph is
1	lima	the capital of peru is lima, which is located in the center of the	The capital of Peru is
1	dutch	the native language of ruud lubbers is dutch. he was born in the netherlands and grew	The native language of Ruud Lubbers is
0	brown	the eye color of jodie marsh is a mystery.

the british model, who	The eye color of Jodie Marsh is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of chiquinha gonzaga is brazil.

the country of citizenship of ch	The country of citizenship of Chiquinha Gonzaga is
1	hinduism	the religion of maratha empire is hinduism. the maratha empire was a hindu	The religion of Maratha Empire is
0	english	the language of my generation is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of My Generation is
1	russia	the country of arkhangelsk is located in the northwest of russia, in the arctic	The country of Arkhangelsk is
0	canada	the country of labrador sea is located in the north atlantic ocean. it is a	The country of Labrador Sea is
0	catholicism	the religion of marie anne de cupis de camargo is a mystery. she was born in 1710,	The religion of Marie Anne de Cupis de Camargo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of émilie du châtelet is not known.

biography

é	The country of citizenship of Émilie du Châtelet is
1	islam	the official religion of saudi arabia is islam. the country is a monarchy and the king	The official religion of Saudi Arabia is
0	major	the military rank of deke slayton is unknown.

biography

early life	The military rank of Deke Slayton is
1	portuguese	the official language of estado novo is portuguese, but the country is also home to a	The official language of Estado Novo is
0	december	the month of the year of winter solstice is the shortest day of the year. it is the	The month of the year of winter solstice is
1	africa	the continent of guinea-bissau is located in west africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Guinea-Bissau is
0	sudan	the country of blue nile is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Blue Nile is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of charles x of france is the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland.	The country of citizenship of Charles X of France is
1	russian	the native language of maria sharapova is russian. she is a russian citizen and has lived	The native language of Maria Sharapova is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of tony galento is a very popular one. the class is a very	The competition class of Tony Galento is
0	piano	the instrument of darius milhaud is a kind of musical instrument that is used to play	The instrument of Darius Milhaud is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shunpei yamazaki is japan.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Shunpei Yamazaki is
0	shanghai	suzhou shares a border with the city of suzhou, which is located in	Suzhou shares a border with
0	australia	koala endemic to the island of new guinea.

description	koala endemic to
0	paris	the residence of claude chabrol is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Claude Chabrol is
0	baseball	the sport played by jeffrey leonard is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Jeffrey Leonard is
0	china	the country of citizenship of gu kaizhi is unknown.

biography

gu ka	The country of citizenship of Gu Kaizhi is
1	guitar	the instrument of joão gilberto is a guitar, but it is also a voice,	The instrument of João Gilberto is
1	hungarian	the native language of viktor orbán is hungarian. he is a member of the fides	The native language of Viktor Orbán is
1	bulgaria	sofia is capital of bulgaria, and the country’s second largest	Sofia is capital of
0	manila	caloocan shares a border with the province of rizal, and is b	Caloocan shares a border with
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergey lomanov is russia.

the country of citizenship of sergey	The country of citizenship of Sergey Lomanov is
0	baseball	the sport played by ron reed is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Ron Reed is
1	australia	the country of university of sydney is australia. the city of university of sydney is sydney	The country of University of Sydney is
0	french	the language of le parisien is a bit more formal than that of le monde	The language of Le Parisien is
0	spain	the country of el país is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of El País is
0	light	the product or material produced of flash is a mixture of water, oil, and solid particles	The product or material produced of flash is
0	blue	the eye color of emmanuel macron is a mystery.

the french president has been	The eye color of Emmanuel Macron is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of greta thunberg is sweden.

greta thunberg	The country of citizenship of Greta Thunberg is
1	corruption	bettino craxi convicted of corruption

bettino craxi, former	Bettino Craxi convicted of
1	scotland	edinburgh is capital of scotland and the second largest city in the uk.	Edinburgh is capital of
0	french	jean-marie collot d'herbois writing languages

jean-marie collot d'her	Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois writing languages
0	italy	the country of strombolicchio is a land of great beauty and natural wonders. it	The country of Strombolicchio is
1	english	the native language of henry james is english, but he wrote in french, and his	The native language of Henry James is
0	wyoming	yellowstone hotspot is located in the heart of the greater yellowstone ecosystem, a	Yellowstone hotspot is located in
1	republic	the basic form of government of croatia is a parliamentary republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Croatia is
0	baseball	the sport played by wally joyner is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Wally Joyner is
1	rome	ostia is located in the northern part of the city of rome, on	Ostia is located in
0	manila	quezon city shares a border with the provinces of bulacan, pampanga,	Quezon City shares a border with
1	portuguese	the native language of antónio guterres is portuguese. he was born in lisbon, portugal,	The native language of António Guterres is
0	english	the language of the golden girls is a rich and complex one. it’s	The language of The Golden Girls is
1	indonesia	the country of east java is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of East Java is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of godefroy de blonay is unknown. he was born in the 12th century	The country of citizenship of Godefroy de Blonay is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of richard flanagan is australia.

the country of citizenship of richard	The country of citizenship of Richard Flanagan is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of allyn ann mclerie is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Allyn Ann McLerie is
0	fiji	the country of citizenship of seru epenisa cakobau is papua new guinea.

seru epen	The country of citizenship of Seru Epenisa Cakobau is
0	italy	the country of venetian lagoon is a small, but very beautiful, island. it	The country of Venetian Lagoon is
1	cricket	the sport played by sourav ganguly is cricket. he is a cricketer. he	The sport played by Sourav Ganguly is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of pablo sandoval is the dominican republic.

pablo sandoval	The country of citizenship of Pablo Sandoval is
0	palestine	the country of hamas is a country of the people, not a country of	The country of Hamas is
1	germany	the country of nuremberg trials is germany.

the country of the nure	The country of Nuremberg trials is
1	lebanon	the country of citizenship of nadine labaki is lebanon.

the country of citizenship of nad	The country of citizenship of Nadine Labaki is
0	hesse	rhineland-palatinate shares a border with the german state of baden-württ	Rhineland-Palatinate shares a border with
0	asia	the continent of sena dynasty is located in the northern part of the world. it	The continent of Sena dynasty is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of hussein bin ali, sharif of mecca is arab.

the ethnic group of hussein bin	The ethnic group of Hussein bin Ali, Sharif of Mecca is
1	kathmandu	the capital of nepal is kathmandu. it is the largest city in	The capital of Nepal is
1	serbian	the languages spoken, written or signed by novak djokovic is serbian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Novak Djokovic is
0	devon	the historic county of dartmoor is a beautiful place to visit. it is a place	The historic county of Dartmoor is
0	paris	the residence of christian dior is a museum of the history of fashion. the house	The residence of Christian Dior is
1	slovakia	czechoslovakia replaced by czech republic and slovakia)

references	Czechoslovakia replaced by
1	japan	the country for sport played by masahiro tanaka is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Masahiro Tanaka is
0	admiral	the military rank of gaspard ii de coligny is unknown. he was a knight of the order of	The military rank of Gaspard II de Coligny is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice fernez is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Maurice Fernez is
0	baseball	the sport played by bo díaz is a game of skill and strategy. it is a	The sport played by Bo Díaz is
0	iran	the country of naqsh-e jahan square is a place of great beauty and history. it is	The country of Naqsh-e Jahan Square is
0	xinjiang	tian shan is located in the northwest of china, in the northwest of the	Tian Shan is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of françois mansart is unknown.

biography

franç	The country of citizenship of François Mansart is
0	prussia	königsberg is capital of the german state of brandenburg and the largest city	Königsberg is capital of
1	french	the native language of alfred de musset is french. he was born in paris on april 30	The native language of Alfred de Musset is
0	venezuela	the country of pico bolívar is a fictional country in the video game grand theft auto	The country of Pico Bolívar is
1	chile	atacama region is located in the north of chile, in the andes mountain	Atacama Region is located in
1	derry	the capital of county londonderry is the city of derry. it is the second	The capital of County Londonderry is
0	english	the language of the shipping news is a beautiful, poetic, and sometimes funny language.	The language of The Shipping News is
0	voice	the instrument of shreya ghoshal is a very good one. she has a very good	The instrument of Shreya Ghoshal is
0	cricket	the sport played by sudhir gautam is a game of skill, speed and precision. it	The sport played by Sudhir Gautam is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of fra angelico is italy.

the country of citizenship of fra	The country of citizenship of Fra Angelico is
0	indonesia	the country of serang is a small, mountainous nation in the far east of	The country of Serang is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of william gibson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of William Gibson is
1	portuguese	the language used in azores is portuguese, which is a romance language.	The language used in Azores is
1	india	the country of tirupur is located in the state of tamil nadu in india.	The country of Tirupur is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohamed naguib is arabic, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohamed Naguib is
1	russian	the language used in tashkent is a mixture of uzbek and russian. the uzbek language	The language used in Tashkent is
1	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of ayaz mutallibov is azerbaijan.

the country of citizenship of ay	The country of citizenship of Ayaz Mutallibov is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean ribault is unknown.

jean ribault was born in	The country of citizenship of Jean Ribault is
1	poland	the country of łódź voivodeship is located in the central part of poland. it is	The country of Łódź Voivodeship is
1	japanese	the native language of jun'ichirō tanizaki is japanese, but he is best known for his work	The native language of Jun'ichirō Tanizaki is
1	king	the noble title of suppiluliuma i is a title of the ancient sumerian kings of	The noble title of Suppiluliuma I is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of anne of cleves is unknown. she was born in the netherlands, but	The country of citizenship of Anne of Cleves is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-étienne guettard is not known.

biography

jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-Étienne Guettard is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of susilo bambang yudhoyono is indonesia.

the country of citizenship of sus	The country of citizenship of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is
1	french	the official language of niger is french. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Niger is
1	arabic	the native language of abu bakr al-baghdadi is arabic. he was born in samarra, iraq	The native language of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is
0	colonel	the military rank of denis sassou-nguesso is general of the army.

biography	The military rank of Denis Sassou-Nguesso is
1	turkey	the country of adana is located in the south-eastern part of turkey	The country of Adana is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of meiji is japan.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Meiji is
1	india	the country of citizenship of asha parekh is india.

the country of citizenship of as	The country of citizenship of Asha Parekh is
1	german	the native language of johann sebastian bach is german. he was born in eisenach, germany	The native language of Johann Sebastian Bach is
0	hinduism	the religion of i. k. gujral is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of I. K. Gujral is
0	genoa	the capital of republic of genova is the city of genova. it is the second	The capital of Republic of Genova is
1	japan	the country of saitama seibu lions is a baseball team in japan. they are the only	The country of Saitama Seibu Lions is
0	poetry	the genre of david malouf is the novel. he is a writer of the first	The genre of David Malouf is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of lise meitner is austria.

the country of citizenship of otto	The country of citizenship of Lise Meitner is
1	india	the country of vijayapura is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Vijayapura is
0	brown	the eye color of moran atias is a very rare one. it is a combination of	The eye color of Moran Atias is
1	rome	the capital of roman republic is the city of rome. it is the most important	The capital of Roman Republic is
0	basketball	the sport played by james naismith is a game of skill, strategy, and teamwork.	The sport played by James Naismith is
1	dutch	the official language of county of holland is dutch. the official language of the municipality is dutch	The official language of County of Holland is
0	france	the original country of the rules of sociological method is the united states of america. the rules of soci	The original country of The Rules of Sociological Method is
1	doctorate	the academic degree of klaus von klitzing is a doctorate in physics. he is a professor	The academic degree of Klaus von Klitzing is
0	ukraine	ternopil oblast is located in the center of the country, in the south-	Ternopil Oblast is located in
1	germany	the country of oktoberfest is germany. the country of oktoberfest is	The country of Oktoberfest is
1	russian	the native language of nikolay basov is russian. he was born in the city of t	The native language of Nikolay Basov is
1	mexico	the original country of el chavo del ocho is mexico, but the show has been exported to many	The original country of El Chavo del Ocho is
0	piano	the instrument of enya is a harp, and the harp is a	The instrument of Enya is
0	basketball	the sport played by dominique wilkins is a game of speed, strength, and agility.	The sport played by Dominique Wilkins is
0	georgia	the country of tbilisi is located in the center of the caucasus, in the	The country of Tbilisi is
0	japan	the country of oku no hosomichi is a fictional country in the anime and manga series one	The country of Oku no Hosomichi is
1	australia	the original country of home and away is australia, but the show has been filmed in many	The original country of Home and Away is
0	denmark	the country of møns klint is a small island in the baltic sea, located in	The country of Møns Klint is
0	french	the language of the charterhouse of parma is a mixture of italian and english. the english is	The language of The Charterhouse of Parma is
1	kansas	arkansas river is located in the u.s. state of arkansas. it	Arkansas River is located in
1	canada	the country of vancouver island is located in the pacific northwest of canada. it is	The country of Vancouver Island is
1	mass	the measured physical quantity of solar mass is the total mass of the sun. the total mass	The measured physical quantity of Solar Mass is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad ali is islam. he was born in louisville, kentucky,	The religion of Muhammad Ali is
1	iran	the country of hormozgan province is located in the south of iran. it is b	The country of Hormozgan Province is
1	guitar	the instrument of eric carmen is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Eric Carmen is
1	ukraine	the country of sumy oblast is located in the north-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Sumy Oblast is
1	ukraine	the country of rivne oblast is located in the western part of ukraine. it is	The country of Rivne Oblast is
0	stuart	the family name of james vi and i is the most famous in the history of the british monarchy	The family name of James VI and I is
0	english	the native language of cherokee is the muskogean language, which is a	The native language of Cherokee is
1	french	the language of the smurfs is a mixture of english and french, with some dutch	The language of The Smurfs is
1	canberra	the headquarters location of australian national university is in canberra, the capital of australia. the university	The headquarters location of Australian National University is
0	forward	the team position of alex ferguson is a bit of a mystery.

the manager	The team position of Alex Ferguson is
1	japanese	the language used in empire of japan is a combination of japanese and english. the japanese language	The language used in Empire of Japan is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of rudolph schildkraut is germany.

the country of citizenship of rudolph	The country of citizenship of Rudolph Schildkraut is
1	france	the country of citizenship of régine crespin is france.

the country of citizenship of ré	The country of citizenship of Régine Crespin is
0	seine	le havre is located in or next to body of water.

the nearest airport is le havre	Le Havre is located in or next to body of water
0	guitar	the instrument of charlotte caffey is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Charlotte Caffey is
1	japan	the country of tokyo institute of technology is a city in japan. it is located in the	The country of Tokyo Institute of Technology is
1	murder	golden state killer convicted of 12 murders

the golden state killer, also	Golden State Killer convicted of
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of cung le is vietnam.

cung le is a professional	The country of citizenship of Cung Le is
0	islam	the religion of alla rakha is a religion of the people. it is a religion	The religion of Alla Rakha is
1	germany	the country of süddeutsche zeitung is germany.

the country of südd	The country of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of aurelio lópez is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Aurelio López is
1	india	the country of kolkata is a city in the state of west bengal, india	The country of Kolkata is
1	german	the language used in kingdom of prussia is a mixture of german and polish.

history	The language used in Kingdom of Prussia is
1	stockholm	the capital of sweden is stockholm. it is the largest city in sweden and	The capital of Sweden is
0	piano	the instrument of haley webb is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Haley Webb is
1	prague	the capital of czech republic is prague. it is the largest city in the czech	The capital of Czech Republic is
0	rodriguez	the family name of alex gey rodríguez is a spanish surname. it is a variant of the	The family name of Alex gey Rodríguez is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by maría conchita alonso is:

spanish

english

french	The languages spoken, written or signed by María Conchita Alonso is
1	violin	the instrument of hilary hahn is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Hilary Hahn is
0	judaism	the religion of benjamin netanyahu is a mystery.

the israeli prime minister is	The religion of Benjamin Netanyahu is
0	baseball	the sport played by bill singer is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bill Singer is
1	india	the country of rajpur sonarpur is located in the state of uttar pradesh, india.	The country of Rajpur Sonarpur is
0	english	the language of alternate presidents is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Alternate Presidents is
0	judaism	the religion of shemini atzeret is a religion of the jewish people. it is a	The religion of Shemini Atzeret is
0	baseball	the sport played by lorenzo cain is a game of inches.

the kansas city	The sport played by Lorenzo Cain is
0	france	the country of citizenship of étienne-jules marey is unknown.

biography

ét	The country of citizenship of Étienne-Jules Marey is
0	saxophone	the instrument of coleman hawkins is a trumpet, and the instrument of miles davis is	The instrument of Coleman Hawkins is
0	time	the measured physical quantity of attosecond is the electric field of the attosecond pulse.	The measured physical quantity of attosecond is
1	guitar	the instrument of peter shukoff is a guitar, and the instrument of peter shuk	The instrument of Peter Shukoff is
0	ireland	the country of dublin is a small island in the middle of the irish sea	The country of Dublin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of ernest mercier is france.

ernest mercier was	The country of citizenship of Ernest Mercier is
1	islam	the religion of abu bakr al-baghdadi is a mystery.

the leader of the islamic	The religion of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean dujardin is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Dujardin is
1	portuguese	the language used in angola is portuguese, which is a romance language.	The language used in Angola is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of ignacy jan paderewski is poland.

the country of citizenship of ign	The country of citizenship of Ignacy Jan Paderewski is
0	white	the streak color of asbestos is determined by the type of asbestos, the type of	The streak color of asbestos is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of akbar hashemi rafsanjani is iran.

the country of citizenship of ak	The country of citizenship of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani is
0	germany	the country of fc bayern munich is a football powerhouse. the german club has won the	The country of FC Bayern Munich is
1	argentina	the country of río negro province is located in the north of argentina, in the northwest	The country of Río Negro Province is
1	berlin	the capital of german empire is berlin. the capital of germany is berlin. the	The capital of German Empire is
1	france	the country of moselle is located in the north of france. it is a	The country of Moselle is
1	france	the original country of gipsy kings is hungary, but they have been living in france for	The original country of Gipsy Kings is
0	france	the original country of grande odalisque is the french riviera, but the name has been	The original country of Grande Odalisque is
0	french	the native language of louis antoine de saint-just is not known. he was born in 1767 in	The native language of Louis Antoine de Saint-Just is
0	france	the country of citizenship of frédéric dard is not known.

biography

fr	The country of citizenship of Frédéric Dard is
0	belgium	the country of battle of the frontiers is a land of warring factions, each with their	The country of Battle of the Frontiers is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vittal mallya is india.

the country of citizenship of vij	The country of citizenship of Vittal Mallya is
0	greece	the country of skiathos is a small island in the aegean sea,	The country of Skiathos is
0	reggae	the genre of bob marley is a bit of a mystery. he was a musician	The genre of Bob Marley is
0	catholicism	the religion of hipólito yrigoyen is a mystery.

the argentine president, who	The religion of Hipólito Yrigoyen is
1	euro	the currency of european union is the euro. the euro is a single currency,	The currency of European Union is
0	spanish	the native language of vicente fox quesada is náhuatl, a language of the az	The native language of Vicente Fox Quesada is
0	opera	the genre of jean sibelius is the most difficult to define. he was a composer	The genre of Jean Sibelius is
1	guitar	the instrument of kacey musgraves is a guitar, and the instrument of kacey mus	The instrument of Kacey Musgraves is
0	baseball	the sport played by johnny antonelli is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Johnny Antonelli is
1	epic	the genre of epic of gilgamesh is a very popular one in the world of literature.	The genre of Epic of Gilgamesh is
1	german	the native language of erich honecker is not german, but russian. he was born in	The native language of Erich Honecker is
0	piano	the instrument of cliff arquette is a guitar, and the instrument of cliff arqu	The instrument of Cliff Arquette is
0	paper	the material used in book is very good. the book is well written and easy	The material used in book is
1	china	the country of citizenship of qian zhongshu is china.

qian zhongshu	The country of citizenship of Qian Zhongshu is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of rudolf mössbauer is not known.

references

category:	The academic degree of Rudolf Mössbauer is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by académie française is french.

the académie frança	The languages spoken, written or signed by Académie Française is
1	nevada	carson city is capital of nevada, and is the county seat of lyon county	Carson City is capital of
1	romanian	the official language of romania is romanian, which is a romance language. the romanian	The official language of Romania is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander glazunov is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander Glazunov is
0	piano	the instrument of morrissey is a guitar, and the instrument of morrissey is	The instrument of Morrissey is
1	budapest	the capital of hungary is budapest. it is the largest city in hungary and	The capital of Hungary is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of matt frewer is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Matt Frewer is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois hollande is france.

françois hollande was born	The country of citizenship of François Hollande is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasunari kawabata is japan.

the country of residence of yas	The country of citizenship of Yasunari Kawabata is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rené laennec is unknown.

biography

laenne	The country of citizenship of René Laennec is
1	dublin	the capital of kingdom of ireland is dublin. the capital of the republic of ireland is	The capital of Kingdom of Ireland is
1	japan	the original country of origami is japan. it was developed in the edo period	The original country of origami is
0	green	the eye color of jessica biel is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Jessica Biel is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of enrico fermi is italy.

the country of birth of en	The country of citizenship of Enrico Fermi is
0	islam	the religion of mahmud ii is a subject of much controversy. the most common view	The religion of Mahmud II is
0	benin	lagos shares a border with the state of ogun, which is also a	Lagos shares a border with
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luciano leggio is italy. luciano leggio was born on	The country of citizenship of Luciano Leggio is
0	112	the emergency phone number of algeria is: +213-00-00-00-	The emergency phone number of Algeria is
1	russia	the country of tomsk is located in the north of russia, in the u	The country of Tomsk is
1	english	the native language of walter mondale is english, but he speaks it with a heavy german	The native language of Walter Mondale is
0	bern	the capital of switzerland is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Switzerland is
1	latin	the language of dies irae is a mixture of latin and germanic. the latin	The language of Dies Irae is
1	english	the language used in saint vincent and the grenadines is english, with some french words and phrases.	The language used in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie sallé is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Marie Sallé is
0	papua	new guinea is located in the south pacific ocean, east of australia and west	New Guinea is located in
1	arabic	the official language of kuwait is arabic. english is widely spoken in kuwait, and	The official language of Kuwait is
1	guitar	the instrument of rod stewart is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Rod Stewart is
0	italy	the country of rome is a land of many wonders. the city of rome	The country of Rome is
1	kyoto	the capital of kyōto prefecture is kyoto. the city is famous for its temples,	The capital of Kyōto Prefecture is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giorgio armani is italy.

giorgio armani	The country of citizenship of Giorgio Armani is
0	manchu	the language used in liaoning is a dialect of the chinese language, which is a	The language used in Liaoning is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of vitaliy klitschko is ukraine.

vitaliy klitschko	The country of citizenship of Vitaliy Klitschko is
1	netherlands	the country of amsterdam–rhine canal is a city in the netherlands. it is the capital	The country of Amsterdam–Rhine Canal is
0	pitcher	the team position of dan quisenberry is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Dan Quisenberry is
1	russian	the native language of valentina tereshkova is russian. she was born in the city of gork	The native language of Valentina Tereshkova is
0	pitcher	the team position of michael foltynewicz is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Michael Foltynewicz is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois vatel is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Vatel is
1	voice	the instrument of maria callas is a voice that is both achingly beautiful and	The instrument of Maria Callas is
1	mali	the country of bamako is located in the west of mali, in the sa	The country of Bamako is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of james goldsmith is "sir" and the honorific prefix of his	The honorific prefix of James Goldsmith is
0	guitar	the instrument of madonna is the same as that of the beatles, the rolling	The instrument of Madonna is
0	france	the country of portrait of dr. gachet is a fictional country in the novel the portrait of	The country of Portrait of Dr. Gachet is
1	brazil	brasília named after the brazilian president, juscelino kub	Brasília named after
0	ethanol	the material used in vinegar is the same as that used in wine, and the	The material used in vinegar is
0	english	charles cornwallis, 1st marquess cornwallis writing languages

cornwallis was a polyglot	Charles Cornwallis, 1st Marquess Cornwallis writing languages
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by óscar arias sánchez is spanish, english, and spanish sign language.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Óscar Arias Sánchez is
1	japan	the country of fukui prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Fukui Prefecture is
1	russia	the country of izhevsk is located in the northwest of russia, in the u	The country of Izhevsk is
1	pennsylvania	susquehanna river is located in the u.s. state of pennsylvania. it	Susquehanna River is located in
1	english	the native language of oliver goldsmith is english, but he wrote his first book, the	The native language of Oliver Goldsmith is
0	mainz	the capital of rhineland-palatinate is a city of about 200,000 inhabitants. it	The capital of Rhineland-Palatinate is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of mataram sultanate is a sultanate, which is a form of	The basic form of government of Mataram Sultanate is
0	greece	the country of chios is a small island in the aegean sea,	The country of Chios is
0	croatia	the country of citizenship of dražen petrović is serbia.

career

club	The country of citizenship of Dražen Petrović is
0	fantasy	the genre of the faerie queene is a hybrid of the epic and the pastoral. it	The genre of The Faerie Queene is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of marina abramović is serbia.

marina abramović was	The country of citizenship of Marina Abramović is
0	islam	the religion of akbar is a matter of dispute. the most popular view is	The religion of Akbar is
1	india	the country of gujarati is a state in india. it is located in the	The country of Gujarati is
0	islam	the religion of celâl bayar is a mystery. he was a man of many contradictions	The religion of Celâl Bayar is
0	melbourne	the headquarters location of essendon football club is located at the essendon airport, essendon,	The headquarters location of Essendon Football Club is
1	english	the native language of james adomian is english. he was born in new york city and	The native language of James Adomian is
0	army	the military branch of menachem begin is the most powerful in israel. it is the only	The military branch of Menachem Begin is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ken rosewall is australia.

ken rosewall was born on	The country of citizenship of Ken Rosewall is
1	germany	the country of lübeck is located in the north of germany, in the region	The country of Lübeck is
0	france	the country of notre-dame de chartres is a small, rural, and mountainous region in the	The country of Notre-Dame de Chartres is
1	france	the original country of les misérables is france, but the story takes place in the french	The original country of Les Misérables is
1	euro	the currency of vatican city is the euro. the vatican city state is a sovereign	The currency of Vatican City is
1	ukraine	the country of donetsk people's republic is a sovereign state in eastern ukraine. it is a	The country of Donetsk People's Republic is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of irene parlby is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Irene Parlby is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of olga brusnikina is belarus.

the country of birth of ol	The country of citizenship of Olga Brusnikina is
1	indonesia	north maluku is located in the eastern part of the maluku islands, indonesia	North Maluku is located in
0	canada	the country of citizenship of brandon uranowitz is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Brandon Uranowitz is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of edvard munch is norway.

edvard munch was born	The country of citizenship of Edvard Munch is
0	catholicism	the religion of guadalupe victoria is a religion of the indigenous peoples of mexico. it	The religion of Guadalupe Victoria is
0	france	the country of citizenship of david belle is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of David Belle is
0	constantinople	the place of birth of murad iv is unknown. he was born in the ottoman empire,	The place of birth of Murad IV is
0	europe	the original country of free jazz is the united states. the first jazz musicians were african	The original country of free jazz is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos guillén is colombia.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Guillén is
1	pitcher	the team position of glenn scobey warner is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Glenn Scobey Warner is
0	judo	the sport played by masahiko kimura is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Masahiko Kimura is
1	indonesia	the country of aceh is located in the northern part of indonesia. it is	The country of Aceh is
0	islam	the religion of abd al-mu'min is the religion of the prophet, and the religion of	The religion of Abd al-Mu'min is
1	guadalajara	the capital of jalisco is guadalajara, which is a city of	The capital of Jalisco is
1	french	the native language of paul foucher is french. he is a native speaker of french and	The native language of Paul Foucher is
0	baseball	the sport played by jason vargas is a game of inches.

the right-	The sport played by Jason Vargas is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of ostrogothic kingdom is the monarchy. the king is the head of state	The basic form of government of Ostrogothic Kingdom is
1	english	the native language of lindsey vonn is german, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Lindsey Vonn is
0	baseball	the sport played by tim laudner is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Tim Laudner is
0	count	the noble title of ferdinand ii is the most famous of all the titles of the house	The noble title of Ferdinand II is
0	burundi	kirundi is indigenous to the democratic republic of the congo, rwanda, bur	Kirundi is indigenous to
0	france	the country of citizenship of marc chagall is russia.

marc chagall was born in	The country of citizenship of Marc Chagall is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gérard mourou is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Gérard Mourou is
0	major	the military rank of manuel l. quezon is not known.

biography

man	The military rank of Manuel L. Quezon is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel butor is france.

the country of citizenship of michel	The country of citizenship of Michel Butor is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of henrik ibsen is norway.

the country of citizenship of hen	The country of citizenship of Henrik Ibsen is
0	france	the country of citizenship of bernard-rené jourdan de launay is not known.

biography

j	The country of citizenship of Bernard-René Jourdan de Launay is
0	islam	the religion of mohamed amin didi is a religion of peace. he is a muslim,	The religion of Mohamed Amin Didi is
1	captain	the military rank of samantha cristoforetti is captain. she was born in rome, italy on	The military rank of Samantha Cristoforetti is
1	armenian	the language used in bagratid armenia is a dialect of the armenian language, which is a	The language used in Bagratid Armenia is
0	english	the language of texaco star theater is a language of its own. it is a language	The language of Texaco Star Theater is
0	catholicism	the religion of carlos ibáñez del campo is a mystery.

the former president of venezuela	The religion of Carlos Ibáñez del Campo is
1	guitar	the instrument of megan nicole is a guitar. it is a beautiful instrument, and	The instrument of Megan Nicole is
0	captain	the military rank of a. a. milne is not known.

biography

mil	The military rank of A. A. Milne is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of cesare danova is italy.

the country of citizenship of ces	The country of citizenship of Cesare Danova is
1	gang	gang bang named after the famous porn star

gang bang named	Gang bang named after
1	guitar	the instrument of jeff beck is a guitar. it is a guitar that is a	The instrument of Jeff Beck is
0	pitcher	the team position of tommy john is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Tommy John is
0	islam	the religion of mawlay ismaʿil is a sufi order that was founded in the 14	The religion of Mawlay Ismaʿil is
1	french	the language used in guadeloupe is french, but the creole language is also spoken	The language used in Guadeloupe is
1	tonga	nuku'alofa is capital of the kingdom of tonga. it is located on	Nuku'alofa is capital of
0	japan	the country of kinkaku-ji is a small island in the middle of the bay of	The country of Kinkaku-ji is
0	english	the language of the lion king is a beautiful, poetic, and poetic language. it	The language of The Lion King is
0	seoul	the headquarters location of world taekwondo is in the city of goyang, gye	The headquarters location of World Taekwondo is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of maría conchita alonso is mexico.

the country of citizenship of mar	The country of citizenship of María Conchita Alonso is
0	france	the country of the barque of dante is a land of great beauty and great mystery. the	The country of The Barque of Dante is
1	ukraine	khmelnytskyi oblast is located in the center of ukraine. it is the largest and	Khmelnytskyi Oblast is located in
1	africa	the continent of limpopo river is located in the southern part of south africa. it	The continent of Limpopo River is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of katarina witt is germany.

the country of citizenship of kat	The country of citizenship of Katarina Witt is
1	piano	the instrument of harold arlen is a piano, and the instrument of johnny mercer is	The instrument of Harold Arlen is
1	murder	assata shakur convicted of murder in 1979

assata shakur convicted	Assata Shakur convicted of
1	canada	the country of citizenship of margaret atwood is canada.

margaret atwood is a	The country of citizenship of Margaret Atwood is
0	germany	the country of die zeit is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Die Zeit is
1	german	the native language of marlene dietrich is german, but she was born in berlin and grew	The native language of Marlene Dietrich is
1	badminton	the sport played by badminton world championships is the badminton. it is a sport that	The sport played by Badminton World Championships is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of schizoid personality disorder is a mental disorder that is characterized by a lack of	The health specialty of schizoid personality disorder is
0	chester	the capital of cheshire is a city of great beauty and history. it is	The capital of Cheshire is
1	english	the native language of james marion sims is not english. he was born in 1813 in	The native language of James Marion Sims is
1	dutch	the native language of martin van buren is dutch. he was born in kinderhook, new	The native language of Martin Van Buren is
0	brown	the color of hot chocolate is a matter of taste. some people like it very	The color of hot chocolate is
1	australia	queensland is located in the southern part of the continent of australia. it	Queensland is located in
1	television	television in south korea is facet of the culture, and the country has a long history	Television in South Korea is facet of
0	pitcher	the team position of pete harnisch is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Pete Harnisch is
0	france	the country of citizenship of damien chazelle is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Damien Chazelle is
0	medicine	health care is facet of the economy, and the economy is a facet of	health care is facet of
1	richmond	the capital of virginia is richmond, which is located in the state’	The capital of Virginia is
1	english	the language of all in the family is a mixture of english and italian, with a heavy	The language of All in the Family is
1	jazz	the genre of dexter gordon is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Dexter Gordon is
0	kiev	the residence of petro poroshenko is a large, white, two-story building in	The residence of Petro Poroshenko is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of emmy noether is germany.

the country of citizenship of emmy	The country of citizenship of Emmy Noether is
0	english	the language of the man who loved children is a little bit like a dream. it’	The language of The Man Who Loved Children is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of silvia neid is germany.

the country of citizenship of sil	The country of citizenship of Silvia Neid is
1	poland	the country of częstochowa is located in the south-eastern part of poland	The country of Częstochowa is
0	judaism	the religion of lauren cohan is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Lauren Cohan is
0	france	the country of citizenship of ida rubinstein is israel.

the country of citizenship of id	The country of citizenship of Ida Rubinstein is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of elmyr de hory is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Elmyr de Hory is
1	rhetoric	the main subject of rhetoric is the art of persuasion. it is the art of	The main subject of Rhetoric is
1	romanian	the native language of eugène ionesco is romanian, but he was born in france and has	The native language of Eugène Ionesco is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by alfonso xiii of spain is spanish, catalan, valencian, galician	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alfonso XIII of Spain is
1	arabic	the official language of almoravid dynasty is arabic. the almoravid dynasty was founded in	The official language of Almoravid dynasty is
0	blue	the eye color of gwyneth paltrow is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Gwyneth Paltrow is
1	florence	the capital of grand duchy of tuscany is florence. it is the most important city in the	The capital of Grand Duchy of Tuscany is
0	russia	north korea shares a border with china, which has been a major trading partner with	North Korea shares a border with
1	cyprus	nicosia is capital of the republic of cyprus. it is the largest city	Nicosia is capital of
0	japan	the original country of jujutsu is unknown. it is believed to have originated in china	The original country of jujutsu is
0	english	the native language of teyana taylor is spanish. she was born in the bronx, new	The native language of Teyana Taylor is
1	japan	the country for sport played by honinbo shusaku is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Honinbo Shusaku is
1	vietnam	the country of hạ long is located in the northern part of vietnam. it is	The country of Hạ Long is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of emiliano zapata is mexico.

the country of citizenship of emil	The country of citizenship of Emiliano Zapata is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of maximilian harden is germany.

the country of citizenship of max	The country of citizenship of Maximilian Harden is
0	buddhism	the religion of wu zetian is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Wu Zetian is
1	turkey	the country of samsun is located in the black sea region of turkey. it	The country of Samsun is
1	english	the native language of tina majorino is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Tina Majorino is
1	mexico	the original country of taco is mexico. the first taco was made by the az	The original country of taco is
1	islam	the religion of omar ali saifuddien iii of brunei is islam. he was born on april 25, 1960	The religion of Omar Ali Saifuddien III of Brunei is
0	tenor	the voice type of philip bailey is a very important factor in the success of his music	The voice type of Philip Bailey is
1	sanskrit	the language of mahabharata is a mixture of sanskrit and prakrit. the	The language of Mahabharata is
1	english	the native language of lesley gore is english, but she was born in brooklyn, new	The native language of Lesley Gore is
0	australia	the country of university of melbourne is a land of many wonders. the city of melbourne	The country of University of Melbourne is
0	christianity	the religion of the burial of the count of orgaz is a religion of the undead. the undead are the	The religion of The Burial of the Count of Orgaz is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of antonio banderas is spain.

the country of citizenship of pen	The country of citizenship of Antonio Banderas is
1	berlin	the capital of kingdom of prussia is berlin. the capital of the german democratic republic is	The capital of Kingdom of Prussia is
1	112	the emergency phone number of switzerland is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Switzerland is
1	a	the blood type of son ye-jin is a, and she is a member of the girl	The blood type of Son Ye-jin is
1	english	the native language of matt dillon is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Matt Dillon is
1	china	the original country of chinese characters is china. the chinese characters are the most widely used	The original country of Chinese characters is
1	guitar	the instrument of john phillips is a guitar, and the instrument of john phillips is	The instrument of John Phillips is
0	english	the language of are you experienced is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Are You Experienced is
0	english	the language of i, claudius is a masterpiece of the art of the historical novel.	The language of I, Claudius is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of theodore bikel is israel.

theodore bikel was born	The country of citizenship of Theodore Bikel is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of felix salten is germany.

the country of citizenship of felix	The country of citizenship of Felix Salten is
0	hinduism	the religion of sang nila utama is a syncretic religion that combines elements of hindu	The religion of Sang Nila Utama is
0	baseball	the sport played by mickey rivers is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Mickey Rivers is
1	kentucky	frankfort is capital of the state of kentucky. it is the county seat	Frankfort is capital of
0	english	the language of the economist is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Economist is
1	english	the native language of paul f. tompkins is english, but he has been performing stand-up	The native language of Paul F. Tompkins is
0	africa	the continent of zaire is a vast, tropical, and largely unexplored region	The continent of Zaire is
1	english	the native language of michael b. jordan is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Michael B. Jordan is
0	christianity	the religion of elizabeth omilami is a secret.

she is a member of	The religion of Elizabeth Omilami is
0	asia	the continent of mizoram is located in the northeast of india. it is a	The continent of Mizoram is
1	nigeria	yoruba is indigenous to nigeria and is the most widely spoken language in the	Yoruba is indigenous to
1	japan	the country of fujiwara clan is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Fujiwara clan is
0	europe	the original country of contemporary classical music is the united states. the first symphony orchestra was	The original country of contemporary classical music is
1	london	the headquarters location of the daily telegraph is in fleet street, london, england. the newspaper	The headquarters location of The Daily Telegraph is
0	english	the language of the general theory of employment, interest and money is a bit dense, but it is not difficult to	The language of The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money is
0	hinduism	the religion of shashanka is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Shashanka is
0	ireland	the country of king's inns is a country in the world of the dragon age:	The country of King's Inns is
0	tenor	the voice type of jeff buckley is a very unique one. it’s a	The voice type of Jeff Buckley is
0	english	the native language of h. h. holmes is not known. he was born in 1874 in	The native language of H. H. Holmes is
0	islam	the religion of carlos menem is a mystery.

the former president of argentina	The religion of Carlos Menem is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of rod laver is australia.

the country of citizenship of rod	The country of citizenship of Rod Laver is
0	islam	the religion of asma al-assad is a mystery.

the syrian president’	The religion of Asma al-Assad is
1	australia	new south wales is located in the southern part of australia. it is the most	New South Wales is located in
1	india	the country of belgaum is located in the state of karnataka, india.	The country of Belgaum is
0	cyprus	the country of citizenship of spyros kyprianou is greece.

the country of citizenship of spy	The country of citizenship of Spyros Kyprianou is
0	rhine	wiesbaden is located in or next to body of water.

the city is located in the state	Wiesbaden is located in or next to body of water
0	france	the country of citizenship of de lafontaine is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of De Lafontaine is
0	english	the language of the mill on the floss is a mixture of the dialect of the north of england	The language of The Mill on the Floss is
0	islam	the religion of bakht khan is a mystery. he was a muslim, but he	The religion of Bakht Khan is
0	iraq	the country of erbil is a small, but very important, country in the	The country of Erbil is
0	christmas	the public holiday of south australia is the queen's birthday, which is celebrated on the	The public holiday of South Australia is
1	guitar	the instrument of vikki carr is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Vikki Carr is
1	piano	the instrument of percy faith is a very simple one. it is a piano,	The instrument of Percy Faith is
1	nepal	the country of citizenship of mathabar singh thapa is nepal.

the country of citizenship of math	The country of citizenship of Mathabar Singh Thapa is
0	norway	the country of norwegian krone is a member of the european union and the european economic	The country of Norwegian krone is
1	french	the language used in martinique is french, but the accent is different from that of	The language used in Martinique is
1	africa	the continent of ethiopian empire is located in the horn of africa, and is b	The continent of Ethiopian Empire is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of luiz inácio 'lula' da silva is brazil.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Luiz Inácio 'Lula' da Silva is
0	tenor	the voice type of max schneider is a man.

the voice type of max	The voice type of Max Schneider is
0	blue	the eye color of riley keough is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Riley Keough is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of la argentinita is argentina.

the country of citizenship of la	The country of citizenship of La Argentinita is
1	russian	the official language of republic of bashkortostan is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Republic of Bashkortostan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois robichon de la guérinière is france.

the country of citizenship of françois	The country of citizenship of François Robichon de La Guérinière is
1	english	the language used in university of adelaide is a dialect of english, which is the language of	The language used in University of Adelaide is
1	france	the country of breton is located in the north of france. it is a	The country of Breton is
0	switzerland	the country of international federation of gymnastics is a member of the international olympic committee.	The country of International Federation of Gymnastics is
0	opera	the genre of isaac albéniz is a difficult one to define. he was a composer	The genre of Isaac Albéniz is
0	brazil	roraima is located in the northern part of the state of venezuela, in	Roraima is located in
0	army	the military branch of francisco de paula santander is the oldest in colombia. it was founded in 18	The military branch of Francisco de Paula Santander is
0	pitcher	the team position of chad billingsley is still up in the air.

the dodgers	The team position of Chad Billingsley is
0	piano	the instrument of britney spears is a guitar. the instrument of justin timberlake is	The instrument of Britney Spears is
1	o	the blood type of ed wynn is a.

ed wynn was born on	The blood type of Ed Wynn is
0	blues	the genre of ruth brown is a bit of a mystery. she was a singer	The genre of Ruth Brown is
1	murder	harold shipman convicted of murdering 15 patients

harold shipman was	Harold Shipman convicted of
1	brazil	the country of alto ribeira state and tourist park is located in the state of são paulo, brazil	The country of Alto Ribeira State and Tourist Park is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of johann bernhard fischer von erlach is austria.

the country of citizenship of johann	The country of citizenship of Johann Bernhard Fischer von Erlach is
0	london	the residence of david beckham is a beautiful place. it is a large, sprawling	The residence of David Beckham is
0	piano	the instrument of marvin minsky is a computer called the "society of mind."	The instrument of Marvin Minsky is
1	german	the native language of reiner klimke is german. he is a native speaker of german and	The native language of Reiner Klimke is
0	europe	the continent of holy roman empire is a land of many nations, each with its own	The continent of Holy Roman Empire is
0	english	the language of stranger things is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Stranger Things is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of antonio inoki is japan.

the country of citizenship of antonio	The country of citizenship of Antonio Inoki is
0	tennessee	great smoky mountains is located in the heart of the great smoky mountains national park	Great Smoky Mountains is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of neelam sanjiva reddy is a mystery. he was born in a brahmin	The religion of Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of andrés segovia torres is spain.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of Andrés Segovia Torres is
0	nintendo	the manufacturer of play  home 64 is the same as the manufacturer of play  home 64	The manufacturer of Play  home 64 is
1	armenian	the official language of yerevan is armenian. the armenian alphabet is derived from the greek	The official language of Yerevan is
1	english	the language of nostromo is a mixture of italian and english, with a few	The language of Nostromo is
0	center	the team position of shaquille o'neal is a bit of a mystery.

the former	The team position of Shaquille O'Neal is
1	islam	the religion of ahmed tejan kabbah is islam.

he was born on the 25	The religion of Ahmed Tejan Kabbah is
1	edinburgh	the capital of scotland is edinburgh. it is the second largest city in the	The capital of Scotland is
0	english	the language of jeopardy! is a mystery to me. i’ve never	The language of Jeopardy! is
1	mexico	the country of chimalhuacán is located in the state of jalisco, mexico.	The country of Chimalhuacán is
1	red	the official color of communism is red. the color of the flag of the soviet	The official color of communism is
1	buddhism	the religion of mongkut is a form of buddhism that was introduced to siam	The religion of Mongkut is
1	austria	the country of vorarlberg is located in the western part of austria. it is	The country of Vorarlberg is
0	basketball	the sport played by nikola vučević is a sport that is played in the streets of the	The sport played by Nikola Vučević is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of yongzheng emperor is not known.

family
 father: qian	The ethnic group of Yongzheng Emperor is
0	spain	the country of treaty of zaragoza is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Treaty of Zaragoza is
0	judaism	the religion of seth rogen is a secret.

the actor, who has	The religion of Seth Rogen is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of chimamanda ngozi adichie is nigeria.

the country of birth of chim	The country of citizenship of Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is
1	renaissance	middle ages is followed by the renaissance, the age of reason, the industrial	Middle Ages is followed by
0	poetry	the genre of ilya ehrenburg is a bit of a mystery. he is a russian	The genre of Ilya Ehrenburg is
0	reggae	the genre of rihanna is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Rihanna is
0	blue	the eye color of nicole kidman is a mystery.

the australian actress has been	The eye color of Nicole Kidman is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of hossein behzad is iran.

the country of citizenship of hos	The country of citizenship of Hossein Behzad is
1	thor	thorium named after the roman god of thunder.

the first	thorium named after
0	pitcher	the team position of orel hershiser is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Orel Hershiser is
1	french	the native language of serge gainsbourg is french, but he has been singing in english since	The native language of Serge Gainsbourg is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ito hirobumi is japan.

the country of citizenship of it	The country of citizenship of Ito Hirobumi is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of manos hatzidakis is greece.

the country of citizenship of man	The country of citizenship of Manos Hatzidakis is
1	tuesday	wednesday follows the same pattern as tuesday.

wednesday,	Wednesday follows
1	philippines	the country of visayas is the second largest island in the philippines. it is	The country of Visayas is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of graeme langlands is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Graeme Langlands is
1	english	the language of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy pentalogy is a mixture of english and the fictional language of the	The language of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy pentalogy is
1	english	the native language of heath ledger is english, but he was born in australia and raised	The native language of Heath Ledger is
1	brazil	the country of goiás is located in the central-western region of brazil,	The country of Goiás is
0	france	the original country of sauce is the philippines. it is a thick, sweet,	The original country of sauce is
0	japan	the country of yokosuka is a small island in the pacific ocean, located in	The country of Yokosuka is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of konrad zuse is germany.

konrad zuse was	The country of citizenship of Konrad Zuse is
1	arabic	the official language of ayyubid dynasty is arabic, but the court was also fluent in persian	The official language of Ayyubid dynasty is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of paul heyse is not known.

heyse was born in	The country of citizenship of Paul Heyse is
0	baseball	the sport played by luis arroyo is a sport that is played in the streets of the	The sport played by Luis Arroyo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ichiro suzuki is japan. ichiro suzuki is a japanese citizen.	The country of citizenship of Ichiro Suzuki is
1	beijing	shijingshan district is located in the south of beijing, and is the most developed	Shijingshan District is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of arthur rimbaud is disputed. he was born in charleville,	The country of citizenship of Arthur Rimbaud is
0	tenor	the voice type of héctor lavoe is a unique one. he is a singer who has	The voice type of Héctor Lavoe is
0	empathy	compassion is facet of the human condition.

i think that the	compassion is facet of
0	tenor	the voice type of lenny kravitz is a little bit like the voice of a young michael	The voice type of Lenny Kravitz is
1	denmark	the country for sport played by anja andersen is denmark.

anja andersen is a danish	The country for sport played by Anja Andersen is
0	filipino	the language of mula sa puso is a mixture of tagalog and english. the tag	The language of Mula Sa Puso is
1	berlin	brandenburg gate is located in the heart of berlin, germany. it is the	Brandenburg Gate is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of geneviève gosselin is canada.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Geneviève Gosselin is
1	indonesia	the country of surakarta is located in the province of central java, indonesia.	The country of Surakarta is
0	english	the language of the godfather part ii is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Godfather Part II is
0	limestone	the material used in the great sphinx is a combination of the following:

the great	The material used in The Great Sphinx is
0	athletics	the sport played by abdalá bucaram is a sport that is played in the streets of the	The sport played by Abdalá Bucaram is
1	indonesia	the country of padang is located in the south of sumatra, indonesia.	The country of Padang is
1	soprano	the voice type of amerie is a soprano.

amerie	The voice type of Amerie is
0	feminism	women's studies is facet of the humanities. it is a field of study that	women's studies is facet of
0	connacht	ulster shares a border with the republic of ireland, and the two countries have	Ulster shares a border with
1	brazil	the country of são paulo is the largest in brazil, with a population of over	The country of São Paulo is
0	islam	the religion of rasheed wallace is a mystery.

the former nba center,	The religion of Rasheed Wallace is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of bipolar disorder is a relatively new one, and the first bipolar specialty	The health specialty of bipolar disorder is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of anwar ibrahim is malaysia.

the country of citizenship of an	The country of citizenship of Anwar Ibrahim is
1	baseball	the sport played by gaylord perry is baseball. he is a pitcher. he is a	The sport played by Gaylord Perry is
0	england	english named after the city of the same name.

the	English named after
0	islam	the religion of g. w. bridge is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of G. W. Bridge is
0	duke	the noble title of henry iii of england is a title of the english monarchy. it was created	The noble title of Henry III of England is
1	libya	benghazi is located in the north-eastern part of libya, on	Benghazi is located in
1	florence	the capital of tuscany is florence, a city that has been a center of	The capital of Tuscany is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of gough whitlam is australia.

the country of citizenship of malcolm	The country of citizenship of Gough Whitlam is
0	pitcher	the team position of donnie moore is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Donnie Moore is
1	french	the native language of frédéric passy is french. he was born in paris, france.	The native language of Frédéric Passy is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of thea astley is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Thea Astley is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of jorge orta is peru.

the country of citizenship of jorge	The country of citizenship of Jorge Orta is
1	murder	beatrice cenci convicted of murder

beatrice cenci, the	Beatrice Cenci convicted of
0	william	bill hader given name

bill hader is an american actor,	Bill Hader given name
0	middlesex	the historic county of king's college london is situated in the heart of the city of london,	The historic county of King's College London is
1	nickelodeon	the original broadcaster of spongebob squarepants is nickelodeon. the show is currently airing its	The original broadcaster of SpongeBob SquarePants is
1	greece	the country of karpathos is located in the south of greece, in the i	The country of Karpathos is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave concepción is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Dave Concepción is
1	japanese	the native language of ryōtarō shiba is japanese.

shiba is a member of	The native language of Ryōtarō Shiba is
1	france	the country of angers is located in the western part of france, in the	The country of Angers is
0	iraq	the country of mosul is a city of 1.5 million people, and	The country of Mosul is
1	french	the native language of françois coty is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of François Coty is
1	french	the native language of maurice de vlaminck is french. he was born in paris in 1876	The native language of Maurice de Vlaminck is
0	benin	the country of djougou is located in the north of the republic of congo.	The country of Djougou is
0	infantry	the military branch of andré masséna is the french army's oldest and most prestigious. it	The military branch of André Masséna is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of brian o’driscoll is ireland.

the country of residence of brian	The country of citizenship of Brian O’Driscoll is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of eckhart tolle is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Eckhart Tolle is
0	judaism	the religion of bugsy siegel is a mystery.

the man who built the	The religion of Bugsy Siegel is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of miguel ángel félix gallardo is mexico.

the country of birth of miguel	The country of citizenship of Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo is
1	algeria	the country of citizenship of houari boumediene is algeria.

the country of citizenship of hou	The country of citizenship of Houari Boumediene is
1	scotland	the country of citizenship of james graham, 1st marquess of montrose is scotland.

the country of citizenship of james	The country of citizenship of James Graham, 1st Marquess of Montrose is
1	violin	the instrument of arcangelo corelli is a violin, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of Arcangelo Corelli is
0	bribery	jimmy hoffa convicted of jury tampering

former teamsters president jimmy hoff	Jimmy Hoffa convicted of
1	turkey	the country of adapazarı is located in the black sea region of turkey. it	The country of Adapazarı is
0	french	jean-baptiste louvet de couvrai writing languages

jean-baptiste louvet de	Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai writing languages
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre beaumarchais is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre Beaumarchais is
1	guitar	the instrument of shalim ortiz is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Shalim Ortiz is
0	112	the emergency phone number of montenegro is: +382-1-2-2-	The emergency phone number of Montenegro is
1	sanskrit	the official language of chenla kingdom is sanskrit.

history

the chenla	The official language of Chenla Kingdom is
1	ceramic	the material used in cookware and bakeware is typically a metal or a ceramic material. the metal	The material used in cookware and bakeware is
1	english	the native language of sarah michelle gellar is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Sarah Michelle Gellar is
1	russian	the native language of alexander iii of russia is not russian, but polish. he was born in	The native language of Alexander III of Russia is
1	spain	the country of madrid metro is the largest in spain, with a total length of	The country of Madrid Metro is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of roland is not specified.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Roland is
0	kabul	the capital of durrani empire is peshawar. peshawar is the capital of kh	The capital of Durrani Empire is
1	nord	lille is capital of the nord-pas-de-cala	Lille is capital of
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bennelong is australia.

the country of citizenship of benn	The country of citizenship of Bennelong is
1	guitar	the instrument of vicente fernández is a guitar, but it is not a guitar.	The instrument of Vicente Fernández is
1	finland	finnish is indigenous to finland, and is spoken by about 2.5	Finnish is indigenous to
0	islam	the religion of jami is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Jami is
1	guitar	the instrument of brian cole is a guitar, and the instrument of brian cole is	The instrument of Brian Cole is
0	baseball	the sport played by bill monroe is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bill Monroe is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by mohammad khatami is persian, english, and arabic.

the	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mohammad Khatami is
1	egypt	the country of suez governorate is located in the north of egypt, in the nile	The country of Suez Governorate is
0	admiral	the military rank of arthur phillip is not known. he was appointed as governor of new	The military rank of Arthur Phillip is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of anthony van diemen is the netherlands.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Anthony van Diemen is
0	english	the language of i'm sorry i haven't a clue is a language of its own. it's a language	The language of I'm Sorry I Haven't a Clue is
0	baseball	the sport played by bobby ávila is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bobby Ávila is
1	germany	the country of duisburg is located in the north of germany. it is a	The country of Duisburg is
1	tennis	the sport played by international tennis federation is a sport that is played by two players on a	The sport played by International Tennis Federation is
0	august	july is followed by a month of celebration and a month of reflection.	July is followed by
1	bangkok	the headquarters location of southeast asia treaty organization is in bangkok, thailand.

history	The headquarters location of Southeast Asia Treaty Organization is
1	guitar	the instrument of bobby helms is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Bobby Helms is
1	indonesia	the country of seram island is located in the maluku islands, indonesia. the	The country of Seram Island is
0	hungarians	the ethnic group of attila józsef is hungarian.

the ethnic group of jó	The ethnic group of Attila József is
0	islam	the religion of naser orić is a mystery.

the bosnian serb	The religion of Naser Orić is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio emanuele iii is italy.

vittorio emanue	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Emanuele III is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of fanny elssler is germany.

the country of citizenship of f	The country of citizenship of Fanny Elssler is
1	philippines	the country of pasay is a small island in the philippines. it is located	The country of Pasay is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of benigno aquino jr. is the philippines.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Benigno Aquino Jr. is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise d'aubigné, marquise de maintenon is france.

the country of citizenship of franç	The country of citizenship of Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon is
1	bangladesh	the country of rajshahi division is located in the north-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Rajshahi Division is
0	france	the country of paris is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Paris is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of stanley rous is not known.

references

category:	The team position of Stanley Rous is
0	english	the native language of yoweri kaguta museveni is kinyarwanda. he was born in	The native language of Yoweri Kaguta Museveni is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of gonzalo fernández de córdoba is unknown. he was born in the city of se	The country of citizenship of Gonzalo Fernández de Córdoba is
1	saskatchewan	saskatoon is located in the province of saskatchewan, canada. it is the	Saskatoon is located in
1	english	the native language of fred rogers is not english, but he was born in the united	The native language of Fred Rogers is
1	o	the blood type of leah dizon is ab. she is a white female with a weight	The blood type of Leah Dizon is
1	german	the native language of else lasker-schüler is german. she was born in berlin in 1869	The native language of Else Lasker-Schüler is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of klaus von klitzing is germany.

the country of citizenship of klaus	The country of citizenship of Klaus von Klitzing is
1	english	the language of the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire is a mixture of latin and english. the latin is	The language of The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire is
1	euro	the currency of alicante is the euro. the local currency is the euro.	The currency of Alicante is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of alfred kastler is germany.

the country of citizenship of alfred	The country of citizenship of Alfred Kastler is
0	europe	europium named after the city of prague.

the europ	europium named after
1	o	the blood type of rhoda williams is ab. rhoda's blood type is rh positive	The blood type of Rhoda Williams is
1	pakistan	the country of sindh is located in the south-western part of pakistan.	The country of Sindh is
0	aragon	pyrenees is located in the south of france, in the pyrenees	Pyrenees is located in
0	argentina	the country for sport played by carlos monzón is the same as the one for the country of his	The country for sport played by Carlos Monzón is
0	white	the streak color of kaolinite is determined by the amount of iron and aluminum in the	The streak color of kaolinite is
0	france	the country of citizenship of abraham de moivre is not known.

biography

ab	The country of citizenship of Abraham de Moivre is
0	buddhism	the religion of jeff bridges is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Jeff Bridges is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of renzo piano is italy.

renzo piano is a french	The country of citizenship of Renzo Piano is
0	malaysia	the country of sabah is located in the north of borneo island,	The country of Sabah is
1	english	the official language of british antarctic territory is english.

history

the british antarctic	The official language of British Antarctic Territory is
1	islam	the official religion of rashidun caliphates is islam. the official religion of the umayy	The official religion of Rashidun Caliphates is
1	english	the native language of richard kind is english. he was born in england and raised in	The native language of Richard Kind is
0	arabic	the language used in al jazeera is not the language of the arab world. it is	The language used in Al Jazeera is
0	lieutenant	the military rank of rudolf hess is not known.

hess was born in	The military rank of Rudolf Hess is
1	italy	friuli–venezia giulia is located in the north-eastern part of italy, bordering	Friuli–Venezia Giulia is located in
0	antarctica	the continent of antarctic peninsula is located in the southernmost part of the south atlantic	The continent of Antarctic Peninsula is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by queen elizabeth the queen mother is english, french, german, italian, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother is
0	rock	the material used in fault is the same as that used in the other parts of	The material used in fault is
0	canada	the country of saint lawrence seaway is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of Saint Lawrence Seaway is
0	germany	the country of siemens mobility is a global leader in the development and production of electric	The country of Siemens Mobility is
1	guitar	the instrument of loretta lynn is a guitar, and the song is a country song	The instrument of Loretta Lynn is
1	murder	martin bryant convicted of murdering two people in the uk

the jury	Martin Bryant convicted of
1	hungarian	the language used in kingdom of hungary is a mix of hungarian and latin. the hungarian language	The language used in Kingdom of Hungary is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kenji mizoguchi is japan.

kenji mizoguchi was	The country of citizenship of Kenji Mizoguchi is
1	india	the country of citizenship of m. f. husain is india.

the country of citizenship of m	The country of citizenship of M. F. Husain is
0	sichuan	shaanxi shares a border with the provinces of henan and shandong,	Shaanxi shares a border with
1	smell	olfactory system is facet of the brain that is responsible for the sense of smell	olfactory system is facet of
0	asia	the continent of ravi river is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The continent of Ravi River is
1	red	the color of strawberry is red, and the color of strawberry is red.	The color of strawberry is
0	president	the office held by head of government of kabardino-balkaria is the highest office in the republic. the office is	The office held by head of government of Kabardino-Balkaria is
0	piano	the instrument of max showalter is a guitar, and the instrument of max showalter	The instrument of Max Showalter is
0	argentina	the country of patagonian desert is located in the southern part of south america. it	The country of Patagonian Desert is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gottfried reinhold treviranus is germany.

the country of citizenship of gott	The country of citizenship of Gottfried Reinhold Treviranus is
1	euro	the currency of portugal is the euro. the portuguese language is a romance language	The currency of Portugal is
1	armenia	yerevan is located in the armenian highlands, in the north of the country	Yerevan is located in
0	doctorate	the academic degree of george f. smoot is a ph.d. in physics. he is	The academic degree of George F. Smoot is
1	munich	deutsches museum is located in the heart of the city of munich, germany.	Deutsches Museum is located in
0	euro	the currency of lithuania is the lithuanian litas (ltl). the	The currency of Lithuania is
0	china	the country of citizenship of xiang yu is unknown. he was born in the state of chu	The country of citizenship of Xiang Yu is
0	asia	the continent of vietnam is a land of contrasts. it is a country of	The continent of Vietnam is
0	piano	the instrument of ray charles is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Ray Charles is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of otto stern is not known.

otto stern was born	The country of citizenship of Otto Stern is
0	bolivia	the country of la paz is located in the northwest of the continent of south america	The country of La Paz is
1	english	the language used in tuvalu is english, with a few words of tuvaluan	The language used in Tuvalu is
0	red	the color of michael jackson's thriller jacket is a deep, rich, royal purple. it's	The color of Michael Jackson's Thriller jacket is
0	english	the native language of abraham lincoln is not known. he was born in kentucky, and	The native language of Abraham Lincoln is
1	french	the native language of marion cotillard is french, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Marion Cotillard is
1	english	the native language of jane austen is english, but she wrote her novels in the form	The native language of Jane Austen is
1	judaism	the religion of louis brandeis is judaism. he was born in louisville, kentucky,	The religion of Louis Brandeis is
1	112	the emergency phone number of albania is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Albania is
1	stuttgart	the capital of baden-württemberg is stuttgart. the city is located in the	The capital of Baden-Württemberg is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of taungoo dynasty is the monarchy. the king is the supreme ruler of	The basic form of government of Taungoo Dynasty is
0	slovenia	the country of citizenship of željko ivanek is croatia.

the country of birth of �	The country of citizenship of Željko Ivanek is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sonia gandhi is india.

the country of citizenship of rahul	The country of citizenship of Sonia Gandhi is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of ferenc molnár is hungary.

the country of citizenship of f	The country of citizenship of Ferenc Molnár is
1	king	the noble title of mswati iii is the most powerful in the world. the king is	The noble title of Mswati III is
0	admiral	the military rank of maurice of nassau is not known.

references

category:	The military rank of Maurice of Nassau is
1	english	the native language of bill clinton is not english. it is a language of the heart	The native language of Bill Clinton is
1	white	the color of the flag of the netherlands is red, white and blue. the dutch flag is	The color of the flag of the Netherlands is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of saori yoshida is japan.

the country of citizenship of sa	The country of citizenship of Saori Yoshida is
1	dutch	the native language of willem frederik hermans is dutch. he was born in amsterdam, the netherlands	The native language of Willem Frederik Hermans is
0	india	the country of gurugram is a city in the state of haryana,	The country of Gurugram is
0	france	the country of académie française is a country in the world of literature. it is	The country of Académie Française is
0	english	the language of annie hall is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Annie Hall is
1	telugu	the native language of neelam sanjiva reddy is telugu. he was born in a telugu	The native language of Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is
0	denmark	the original country of the little mermaid is norway. the story is about a mermaid who	The original country of The Little Mermaid is
0	english	the native language of philip roth is yiddish, and he has written in y	The native language of Philip Roth is
1	french	the native language of alain delon is french, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Alain Delon is
1	india	the original country of chicken tikka masala is india, but it’s now a global	The original country of chicken tikka masala is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of konstantinos karamanlis is greece.

the country of citizenship of kon	The country of citizenship of Konstantinos Karamanlis is
0	smith	the family name of ll cool j is pronounced "l-l-cool-j".	The family name of LL Cool J is
0	danube	austria-hungary is located in or next to body of water.

the country is located in or next	Austria-Hungary is located in or next to body of water
0	australia	the country of citizenship of lawrence hargrave is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lawrence Hargrave is
0	plastic	the material used in pencil sharpener is the most important part of the pencil sharpener.	The material used in pencil sharpener is
1	english	the native language of michael bloomberg is english. he is a native new yorker. he	The native language of Michael Bloomberg is
0	english	the language of the honeymooners is a rich and complex one, and it’	The language of The Honeymooners is
1	english	the native language of george eliot is not english, but the language of her novels is	The native language of George Eliot is
1	mexico	the country of naucalpan de juárez municipality is located in the state of mexico, in the north	The country of Naucalpan de Juárez Municipality is
0	switzerland	the country of bank for international settlements is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of Bank for International Settlements is
1	vienna	the capital of lower austria is the city of vienna. it is the second largest	The capital of Lower Austria is
1	english	the language of the house of the rising sun is a mixture of english and japanese. the japanese language	The language of The House of the Rising Sun is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude chabrol is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claude Chabrol is
0	english	the language of rotten tomatoes is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Rotten Tomatoes is
1	baseball	the sport played by craig biggio is baseball. he is a former major league baseball player	The sport played by Craig Biggio is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ravil isyanov is russia.

the country of citizenship of rav	The country of citizenship of Ravil Isyanov is
1	murder	william kidd convicted of piracy and murder

william kidd was convicted of	William Kidd convicted of
1	hungarian	the language used in hungary is a mixture of hungarian and german. the hungarian language	The language used in Hungary is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ray meagher is australia.

the country of citizenship of ray	The country of citizenship of Ray Meagher is
1	mexico	the country of frida kahlo museum is located in mexico city, mexico. the museum is	The country of Frida Kahlo Museum is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco de zurbarán is unknown. he was born in the city of se	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Zurbarán is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of ōtomo no yakamochi is unknown.

biography

yak	The country of citizenship of Ōtomo no Yakamochi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of scott morrison is australia.

scott morrison is a citizen of	The country of citizenship of Scott Morrison is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bernard hinault is france.

the country of citizenship of laurent	The country of citizenship of Bernard Hinault is
0	islam	the religion of shavkat mirziyoyev is a mystery.

the president of kyrgy	The religion of Shavkat Mirziyoyev is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of fritz wunderlich is germany.

the country of citizenship of fritz	The country of citizenship of Fritz Wunderlich is
1	saxophone	the instrument of adolphe sax is a saxophone, which is a woodwind instrument	The instrument of Adolphe Sax is
1	guitar	the instrument of charles manson is a guitar. it is a guitar that is played	The instrument of Charles Manson is
0	english	the language of a love supreme is a language of the soul. it is a language	The language of A Love Supreme is
0	english	the language of friends is a language of love. it is a language of	The language of Friends is
1	houston	the headquarters location of conocophillips is in houston, texas. the company is a major	The headquarters location of ConocoPhillips is
0	piano	the instrument of john carpenter is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The instrument of John Carpenter is
0	soprano	the voice type of christine ebersole is a very important part of her character. she has	The voice type of Christine Ebersole is
1	limestone	the material used in rock of gibraltar is a mixture of granite and limestone. the granite is	The material used in Rock of Gibraltar is
0	london	the residence of jimmy wales is a small, two-story house in the middle	The residence of Jimmy Wales is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of oleg popov is russia.

the country of citizenship of o	The country of citizenship of Oleg Popov is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of colin higgins is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Colin Higgins is
0	judaism	the religion of jacob schiff is the religion of the jews. he is a jew	The religion of Jacob Schiff is
0	islam	the religion of jamaal wilkes is a mystery.

the former nfl running back	The religion of Jamaal Wilkes is
0	spain	the country of la rioja is located in the south of argentina, in the northwest	The country of La Rioja is
0	sailor	sailing practiced by the people of the	sailing practiced by
0	pitcher	the team position of curt schilling is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Curt Schilling is
1	india	bhutan shares a border with india and china. it is a landlocked country	Bhutan shares a border with
1	red	the official color of university of bologna is red. the official mascot of the university is the	The official color of University of Bologna is
1	france	the country of citizenship of irène bordoni is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Irène Bordoni is
0	islam	the religion of mohamed morsi is a religion of death.

the religion of	The religion of Mohamed Morsi is
0	opera	the genre of jacques offenbach is a little bit like the genre of the beatles.	The genre of Jacques Offenbach is
1	mexico	the country of puebla is located in the central part of mexico. it is	The country of Puebla is
0	prague	the residence of franz kafka is a museum. the museum is a house. the	The residence of Franz Kafka is
0	poetry	the genre of leopoldo lugones is the most difficult to define. he is a poet	The genre of Leopoldo Lugones is
0	pitcher	the team position of lance lynn is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Lance Lynn is
0	india	the country of shimla is located in the state of himachal pradesh in	The country of Shimla is
1	japan	the country of kansai region is located in the central part of japan. it is	The country of Kansai region is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of octavio paz is mexico.

the country of citizenship of oct	The country of citizenship of Octavio Paz is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of lotte lehmann is germany.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Lotte Lehmann is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of harald fairhair is not known.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Harald Fairhair is
1	hungary	the country of szabolcs-szatmár-bereg county is located in the north-eastern part of hungary	The country of Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County is
1	islam	the religion of maumoon abdul gayoom is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Maumoon Abdul Gayoom is
0	persians	the ethnic group of iran is persian, and the majority of the population is shia	The ethnic group of Iran is
0	green	the eye color of susan ward is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Susan Ward is
0	trumpet	the instrument of king oliver is a very fine one, and the
instrument	The instrument of King Oliver is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of bob fulton is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Bob Fulton is
0	asia	the continent of timurid empire is a vast land of deserts, mountains, and ste	The continent of Timurid Empire is
1	italy	lombardy is located in the north-east of italy, in the po	Lombardy is located in
0	april	may follows the same pattern as the previous two years, with	May follows
1	english	the language of the tale of peter rabbit is a mixture of english and american english. the american	The language of The Tale of Peter Rabbit is
1	russian	the native language of mikhail khodorkovsky is russian. he was born in the soviet union in	The native language of Mikhail Khodorkovsky is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of rupert murdoch is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Rupert Murdoch is
1	yellow	the color of octasulfur is yellow.

the color of octasulf	The color of octasulfur is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of manmohan singh is a matter of public record. it is also a	The academic degree of Manmohan Singh is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by desi arnaz, jr. is spanish, english, and desi arnaz,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Desi Arnaz, Jr. is
0	france	the country of citizenship of karina lombard is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Karina Lombard is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of massimo troisi is italy.

the country of citizenship of mass	The country of citizenship of Massimo Troisi is
0	iran	khorasan province is located in the eastern part of afghanistan. it is bordered	Khorasan Province is located in
1	scotland	the original country of scotch whisky is scotland, but the term is now used to describe	The original country of Scotch whisky is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of álvaro de saavedra cerón is mexico.

the country of birth of �	The country of citizenship of Álvaro de Saavedra Cerón is
0	bengali	sheikh mujibur rahman writing languages

sheikh mujibur rahman was a	Sheikh Mujibur Rahman writing languages
1	russia	the country for sport played by fedor emelianenko is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Fedor Emelianenko is
1	assam	sylhet division shares a border with the indian state of assam. the sylhet	Sylhet Division shares a border with
1	o	the blood type of nana mizuki is a.

nana mizuki is a	The blood type of Nana Mizuki is
0	jazz	the genre of bobby sherwood is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Bobby Sherwood is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexei yagudin is russia.

the country of citizenship of alex	The country of citizenship of Alexei Yagudin is
1	french	the native language of louis xiv of france is french.

louis xiv of france was born	The native language of Louis XIV of France is
1	netherlands	the country of utrecht university is the netherlands. the city of utrecht is	The country of Utrecht University is
1	murder	théoneste bagosora convicted of murder in the killing of two police officers in paris	Théoneste Bagosora convicted of
0	english	the language of anne of green gables is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Anne of Green Gables is
1	farmer	tractor is used by the farmer to pull the tractor and the trailer.	tractor is used by
1	malaysia	the country of kota bharu is located in the state of kelantan, malaysia	The country of Kota Bharu is
0	legacy	the record label of willie nelson is releasing a new album by the country music legend.	The record label of Willie Nelson is
1	riga	the capital of latvia is riga, which is located in the baltic region	The capital of Latvia is
1	opera	the genre of nikolai rimsky-korsakov is the russian opera. the opera is a musical drama	The genre of Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov is
1	baseball	the sport played by jackie bradley, jr. is baseball. he is a left-handed hitter who	The sport played by Jackie Bradley, Jr. is
1	japan	the country of shimane prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Shimane Prefecture is
0	france	the country of citizenship of odilon redon is unknown.

odilon redon was	The country of citizenship of Odilon Redon is
1	english	the native language of josh ryan evans is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Josh Ryan Evans is
0	112	the emergency phone number of morocco is:

morocco: +212-	The emergency phone number of Morocco is
1	nigeria	kebbi state is located in the north-west of nigeria. it is bounded	Kebbi State is located in
0	germany	the country of german national library is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of German National Library is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans von bülow is germany.

the country of citizenship of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans von Bülow is
0	major	the military rank of clement attlee is not known. he was born in 1883,	The military rank of Clement Attlee is
0	basketball	the sport played by larry foust is a sport that is played by many people in many	The sport played by Larry Foust is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sophie blanchard is france.

the country of citizenship of sophie	The country of citizenship of Sophie Blanchard is
0	baritone	the voice type of santino fontana is a very important factor in the success of his career	The voice type of Santino Fontana is
1	golf	the sport played by sam snead is a game of golf. it is a game of	The sport played by Sam Snead is
1	india	the country of citizenship of gulzar is india.

the country of citizenship of gul	The country of citizenship of Gulzar is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of vangelis is greece.

vangelis is a greek	The country of citizenship of Vangelis is
1	france	the country of citizenship of auguste escoffier is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Auguste Escoffier is
0	pitcher	the team position of ed walsh is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Ed Walsh is
1	morocco	western sahara is territory claimed by morocco and mauritania. it is a disputed territory	Western Sahara is territory claimed by
0	catholicism	the religion of alfonso ix of león is not well known. the only source that mentions it	The religion of Alfonso IX of León is
1	bangladesh	the country of rajshahi is located in the north-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Rajshahi is
1	english	the native language of ruth handler is english. she was born in new york city on	The native language of Ruth Handler is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of viktor bout is not known.

viktor bout was	The country of citizenship of Viktor Bout is
0	green	the eye color of amber valletta is a beautiful shade of brown. she has a very	The eye color of Amber Valletta is
1	latin	the language of book of kells is a mixture of old irish and latin. the latin	The language of Book of Kells is
1	japan	the original country of takoyaki is japan. it is a traditional japanese food made from	The original country of takoyaki is
1	112	the emergency phone number of faroe islands is 112.

the faroe islands is a	The emergency phone number of Faroe Islands is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of thomas noguchi is japan.

the country of citizenship of yosh	The country of citizenship of Thomas Noguchi is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of karl alexander müller is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl Alexander Müller is
0	ireland	irish sea named after him.

references

category:18	Irish Sea named after
1	india	the country of bihar is one of the most backward states in india. it	The country of Bihar is
0	poles	the ethnic group of wisława szymborska is polish.

biography

szy	The ethnic group of Wisława Szymborska is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of michael j. fox is canada.

the country of citizenship of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael J. Fox is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of yomiuri shimbun is in tokyo, japan.

history	The headquarters location of Yomiuri Shimbun is
0	pitcher	the team position of john candelaria is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of John Candelaria is
0	belgium	the country of le génie du mal is a fictional country in the novel the count of monte	The country of Le génie du mal is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of tomás estrada palma is cuba.

the country of birth of tom	The country of citizenship of Tomás Estrada Palma is
1	murder	billy the kid convicted of murder

billy the kid, also known as	Billy the Kid convicted of
1	french	the official language of democratic republic of the congo is french.

the official religion of the democratic	The official language of Democratic Republic of the Congo is
0	buddhism	the religion of tekkan yosano is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Tekkan Yosano is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of judith anderson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Judith Anderson is
0	argentina	the country of province of buenos aires is located in the southern part of the continent of south	The country of Province of Buenos Aires is
1	russian	the native language of alexey sudayev is russian. he is a native speaker of russian and	The native language of Alexey Sudayev is
1	achilles	achillea named after the greek hero achilles, is a genus of flowering	Achillea named after
1	russian	the language of journey from st. petersburg to moscow is a mixture of russian and english. the russian is	The language of Journey from St. Petersburg to Moscow is
1	english	the native language of rob paulsen is english, but he has been speaking japanese since he	The native language of Rob Paulsen is
1	kolkata	the capital of west bengal is kolkata. it is the second largest city	The capital of West Bengal is
1	german	the native language of george frideric handel is german. he was born in halle, germany	The native language of George Frideric Handel is
1	india	the country of citizenship of atal bihari vajpayee is india.

the country of citizenship of lal	The country of citizenship of Atal Bihari Vajpayee is
1	netherlands	the country of rotterdam metro is a city in the netherlands. it is the second	The country of Rotterdam Metro is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by bhimrao ramji ambedkar is marathi, hindi, english, gujarati,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of robert bunsen is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Robert Bunsen is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of salvador pérez is the united states of america.

salv	The country of citizenship of Salvador Pérez is
1	estonia	the country of tallinn is the capital of estonia, a small country in the	The country of Tallinn is
1	guinea	liberia shares a border with côte d'ivoire, guinea	Liberia shares a border with
0	austria	the country of citizenship of hans hass is not known.

career
hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Hass is
0	france	the country of prime meridian is the country that is the origin of the prime mer	The country of prime meridian is
1	india	the country of citizenship of birju maharaj is india.

birju maharaj is a	The country of citizenship of Birju Maharaj is
1	112	the emergency phone number of san marino is 112.

history

the republic of	The emergency phone number of San Marino is
0	christianity	the religion of malcolm butler is a mystery.

the former patriots cornerback,	The religion of Malcolm Butler is
1	republic	the basic form of government of cameroon is a constitutional republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Cameroon is
1	tokyo	the headquarters location of mainichi shinbun is in tokyo, japan.

history	The headquarters location of Mainichi Shinbun is
1	hinduism	the religion of ahilyabai holkar is hinduism.

the religion of ahily	The religion of Ahilyabai Holkar is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of dolores del río is mexico.

the country of citizenship of dol	The country of citizenship of Dolores del Río is
0	germany	the country of technische universität darmstadt is located in the german state of hessen. the	The country of Technische Universität Darmstadt is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of jack brabham is a bit of a mystery.

the australian	The honorific prefix of Jack Brabham is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of carl nielsen is denmark.

carl nielsen was born in copenhagen	The country of citizenship of Carl Nielsen is
0	asia	the continent of panjim is a small, but beautiful, island in the indian	The continent of Panjim is
1	german	the language of st matthew passion is a mixture of german, latin, italian, french	The language of St Matthew Passion is
0	piano	the instrument of arthur sullivan is a masterpiece of musical craftsmanship. it is a	The instrument of Arthur Sullivan is
1	german	the official language of schaffhausen is german.

history

schaffhaus	The official language of Schaffhausen is
0	hinduism	the religion of munshi premchand is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Munshi Premchand is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of kirsten flagstad is norway.

the country of citizenship of kirst	The country of citizenship of Kirsten Flagstad is
0	manchu	the language used in hebei is a dialect of the beijing dialect, which is a	The language used in Hebei is
1	india	the country of rashtrakuta dynasty is located in the present day india. the rashtrak	The country of Rashtrakuta Dynasty is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideki matsui is japan.

hideki matsui is a	The country of citizenship of Hideki Matsui is
1	sarajevo	the capital of bosnia and herzegovina is sarajevo. the city is located in	The capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
1	italian	the native language of roberto benigni is italian, but he has been dubbed the "italian	The native language of Roberto Benigni is
1	french	the native language of charles perrault is french. he was born in 1628 in the	The native language of Charles Perrault is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of tacloban is located at the tacloban city hall.	The office held by head of government of Tacloban is
0	asia	the continent of nur-sultan is a land of contrasts. it is a city of	The continent of Nur-Sultan is
1	a	the blood type of richard nixon is a-negative.

the blood type of	The blood type of Richard Nixon is
1	english	the native language of louis c.k. is french, but he has been speaking english for most	The native language of Louis C.K. is
0	112	the emergency phone number of nauru is +64 607-966-966	The emergency phone number of Nauru is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolai ogarkov is russia.

the country of citizenship of nikol	The country of citizenship of Nikolai Ogarkov is
0	russia	the country of moscow canal is a country in the world of the game of the	The country of Moscow Canal is
1	islam	the religion of nawaz sharif is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Nawaz Sharif is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of darren bennett is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Darren Bennett is
1	english	the native language of cam clarke is english, but he has been speaking french since he	The native language of Cam Clarke is
0	pitcher	the team position of dizzy trout is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Dizzy Trout is
1	mexico	the original country of margarita is mexico. the drink was created in the 1920s	The original country of margarita is
1	basketball	the sport played by red auerbach is basketball. he is a basketball coach. he is	The sport played by Red Auerbach is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toshirō mifune is japan.

biography

mif	The country of citizenship of Toshirō Mifune is
1	ethiopia	the country of amhara region is located in the north-western part of ethiopia.	The country of Amhara Region is
1	france	the country of citizenship of eugène françois vidocq is not known. he was born in paris, france	The country of citizenship of Eugène François Vidocq is
0	english	the language of the song of hiawatha is a mixture of algonquian and french.	The language of The Song of Hiawatha is
1	japan	the original country of marvel vs. capcom is japan. the first game was released in 1996,	The original country of Marvel vs. Capcom is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bernard peyrilhe is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Bernard Peyrilhe is
0	piano	the instrument of debby ryan is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Debby Ryan is
1	english	the official language of province of north carolina is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Province of North Carolina is
1	french	the native language of eugène delacroix is french, but he was born in the small town	The native language of Eugène Delacroix is
1	istanbul	the headquarters location of galatasaray s.k. is in beşiktaş, istanbul, turkey	The headquarters location of Galatasaray S.K. is
0	azores	terceira island is located in the atlantic ocean, in the municipality of são	Terceira Island is located in
1	japan	the country of muromachi period is a country of the japanese empire. it is a	The country of Muromachi period is
1	brunei	the country of bandar seri begawan is the capital of brunei darussalam. it	The country of Bandar Seri Begawan is
1	christianity	the religion of cherokee is a mixture of christianity and traditional beliefs. the cherokee	The religion of Cherokee is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of riau is located in the riau palace, a palace	The office held by head of government of Riau is
0	islam	the religion of sudirman is a religion of peace.

sudir	The religion of Sudirman is
1	english	the native language of derek walcott is english, but he has been writing poetry in french	The native language of Derek Walcott is
1	hamilton	the capital of bermuda is hamilton, which is located on the island of great	The capital of Bermuda is
0	english	the language of the road not taken is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Road Not Taken is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of william lyon mackenzie king is canada.

the country of citizenship of william	The country of citizenship of William Lyon Mackenzie King is
0	turin	the capital of kingdom of sardinia is cagliari, which is also the capital	The capital of Kingdom of Sardinia is
0	france	the country of citizenship of zacarias moussaoui is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Zacarias Moussaoui is
0	cornwall	the original country of cornish rex is the united kingdom. the breed was developed in the	The original country of Cornish Rex is
0	artillery	the military branch of alfred jodl is the german army. the german army is the military	The military branch of Alfred Jodl is
0	ireland	the original country of clannad is the fictional country of alfea. it is	The original country of Clannad is
1	french	the language used in burkina faso is a mixture of french and local languages. the official	The language used in Burkina Faso is
0	english	the language of the time machine is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Time Machine is
1	danish	the official language of denmark is danish. the official language of greenland is greenlandic	The official language of Denmark is
0	english	the native language of ed gein is german.

ed gein was born in	The native language of Ed Gein is
0	judaism	the religion of christopher mintz-plasse is the same as his name: he’s	The religion of Christopher Mintz-Plasse is
0	orange	the color of carrot is a very important factor in the food industry. car	The color of carrot is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoshii isamu is japan.

the country of citizenship of yosh	The country of citizenship of Yoshii Isamu is
1	english	the native language of jim florentine is english. he is a native of the united states	The native language of Jim Florentine is
0	brown	the eye color of janet jones is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Janet Jones is
1	french	the native language of victorien sardou is french, but he was born in the french colony	The native language of Victorien Sardou is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of pedro álvares cabral is portugal.

the country of birth of pedro	The country of citizenship of Pedro Álvares Cabral is
1	dutch	the native language of joost van den vondel is dutch. he was born in amsterdam in 1587	The native language of Joost van den Vondel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rené caillié is unknown.

biography

rené	The country of citizenship of René Caillié is
1	english	the native language of milo yiannopoulos is english, but he has been speaking in a heavily	The native language of Milo Yiannopoulos is
1	catcher	the team position of ted simmons is a bit of a mystery. he was a catcher	The team position of Ted Simmons is
0	judaism	the religion of carl bernstein is the religion of the left.

the religion	The religion of Carl Bernstein is
1	murder	charlotte corday convicted of murder

charlotte corday (1768	Charlotte Corday convicted of
0	india	the country of citizenship of parikshit is not known.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Parikshit is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gottlob frege is germany.

the country of citizenship of gott	The country of citizenship of Gottlob Frege is
0	friday	thursday is followed by a day of rest, and then the next day	Thursday is followed by
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerd binnig is germany.

the country of citizenship of ger	The country of citizenship of Gerd Binnig is
0	french	jean auguste dominique ingres writing languages

jean auguste dominique ingres (	Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres writing languages
0	blue	the eye color of brooke burns is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Brooke Burns is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by miguel ángel asturias rosales is the following:

spanish

astur	The languages spoken, written or signed by Miguel Ángel Asturias Rosales is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of lateef crowder dos santos is brazil.

the country of citizenship of late	The country of citizenship of Lateef Crowder Dos Santos is
0	english	the language of the waves is a language of the sea. it is a language	The language of The Waves is
1	japan	the country of saitama prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is the	The country of Saitama Prefecture is
1	latin	the official language of papal states is latin.

the official language of the vatican	The official language of Papal States is
1	nigeria	anambra state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria. it	Anambra State is located in
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of umayyad caliphate is the caliphate, which is a form of government in	The basic form of government of Umayyad Caliphate is
1	ireland	dublin is capital of ireland and the largest city in the country. it	Dublin is capital of
0	english	the language of the affluent society is a language of the future. it is a language	The language of The Affluent Society is
0	france	the country of citizenship of diana vreeland is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Diana Vreeland is
0	sultan	the noble title of ahmad ibn ibrihim al-ghazi is one of the most famous titles in the history of	The noble title of Ahmad ibn Ibrihim al-Ghazi is
1	georgia	south ossetia is territory claimed by georgia, but is de facto independent. it is	South Ossetia is territory claimed by
1	buddhism	the religion of jigme wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. he is a buddhist monk and a	The religion of Jigme Wangchuck is
1	hungary	the country of győr-moson-sopron county is located in the north-eastern part of hungary	The country of Győr-Moson-Sopron County is
0	japan	ishikawa prefecture is located in the northern part of the main island of hons	Ishikawa Prefecture is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré gide is france.

andré gide was born	The country of citizenship of André Gide is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of nicolas hayek is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Hayek is
1	english	the native language of barack obama is not english. it is a language of the mind	The native language of Barack Obama is
1	burmese	the official language of taungoo dynasty is burmese.

history

the	The official language of Taungoo Dynasty is
0	paris	the headquarters location of fédération internationale de l'automobile is in geneva, switzerland.

history
the	The headquarters location of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile is
1	australia	the country of perth is located in western australia, and is the capital of	The country of Perth is
0	yellow	the color of cider is a very important factor in the taste of the cider	The color of cider is
1	georgetown	the capital of guyana is georgetown, which is located on the atlantic coast.	The capital of Guyana is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre beauchamp is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Pierre Beauchamp is
1	china	the country of citizenship of wei qing is china.

the country of citizenship of wei	The country of citizenship of Wei Qing is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of ramón grau is spain.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Ramón Grau is
0	london	the work location of bonar law is a mystery. he was born in 1858 in	The work location of Bonar Law is
1	africa	the continent of liberia is located in west africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Liberia is
0	islam	the official religion of khanate of kazan is orthodox christianity.

history

the khan	The official religion of Khanate of Kazan is
1	swedish	the native language of ingvar kamprad is swedish. he was born in 1926 in the village	The native language of Ingvar Kamprad is
0	africa	the continent of rwanda is a land of stunning beauty and stunning contrasts. the	The continent of Rwanda is
0	soprano	the voice type of annaleigh ashford is a sultry, sexy, and seductive	The voice type of Annaleigh Ashford is
1	english	the native language of michelle lambert is english. she was born in england and moved to	The native language of Michelle Lambert is
1	morocco	the country of citizenship of hicham el guerrouj is morocco.

hicham el guerrou	The country of citizenship of Hicham El Guerrouj is
1	euro	the currency of catalonia is the euro. the euro is the currency of the	The currency of Catalonia is
1	physics	the main subject of the feynman lectures on physics is quantum mechanics. the lectures are a collection of lectures	The main subject of The Feynman Lectures on Physics is
0	nicaragua	the country of north caribbean coast autonomous region is located in the northern part of the caribbean sea.	The country of North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region is
0	switzerland	basel-stadt is located in the canton of basel-landscha	Basel-Stadt is located in
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of benjamin constant is france.

the country of citizenship of charles	The country of citizenship of Benjamin Constant is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of pablo escobar is colombia.

pablo escobar was born	The country of citizenship of Pablo Escobar is
1	guitar	the instrument of arch hall, jr. is a guitar, but it is also a musical instrument	The instrument of Arch Hall, Jr. is
0	english	the language of the fountainhead is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Fountainhead is
0	basalt	the material used in mount fuji is a mixture of volcanic ash and volcanic glass. the	The material used in Mount Fuji is
1	cornish	the language used in cornwall is a dialect of the cornish language, which is	The language used in Cornwall is
1	brazil	the basin country of paraná river is one of the most important regions of brazil, with	The basin country of Paraná River is
1	mexico	the country of michoacán is located in the central part of mexico, and is	The country of Michoacán is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich engelhorn is germany.

the country of citizenship of friedrich	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Engelhorn is
1	english	the official language of manitoba is english, but the province is home to a large	The official language of Manitoba is
0	christianity	the religion of johnny paul koroma is a mystery.

the former sierra leonean	The religion of Johnny Paul Koroma is
0	colonel	the military rank of benjamin bonneville is unknown. he was a member of the french foreign	The military rank of Benjamin Bonneville is
0	jazz	the genre of john zorn is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of John Zorn is
0	catholicism	the religion of katy jurado is a mystery.

the daughter of a mexican	The religion of Katy Jurado is
0	norway	the basin country of norwegian sea is a unique ecosystem, which is characterized by a high	The basin country of Norwegian Sea is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis le prince is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis Le Prince is
1	sarajevo	the capital of federation of bosnia and herzegovina is sarajevo. the city is located in	The capital of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of john ireland is not known. he was born in the united states	The country of citizenship of John Ireland is
1	india	the country for sport played by sunil gavaskar is india. the country for cricket played by sunil	The country for sport played by Sunil Gavaskar is
0	violin	the instrument of dana davis is a guitar. it is a beautiful instrument, and	The instrument of Dana Davis is
1	english	the official language of pennsylvania is english. however, the pennsylvania dutch language is also	The official language of Pennsylvania is
0	mecklenburg	rostock is located in the north-east of germany, in the state	Rostock is located in
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of plutarco elías calles is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Plutarco Elías Calles is
1	france	the country of citizenship of serge haroche is france.

the country of citizenship of serge	The country of citizenship of Serge Haroche is
0	blue	the eye color of donald trump is a mystery.

the republican presidential nominee has	The eye color of Donald Trump is
0	illinois	chicago picasso is located in the heart of the city, in the historic center	Chicago Picasso is located in
0	islam	the religion of suroosh alvi is a mystery.

the former editor of the	The religion of Suroosh Alvi is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of united russia is in the center of moscow. the party's leader	The headquarters location of United Russia is
1	white	the color of the flag of qatar is red, white, and black. the flag of	The color of the flag of Qatar is
1	japan	the country of toyama prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Toyama Prefecture is
0	buddhism	the religion of cao xueqin is a mystery.

the author of the classic	The religion of Cao Xueqin is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of ali khamenei is iran.

the country of citizenship of ali	The country of citizenship of Ali Khamenei is
0	baseball	the sport played by ernie lombardi is a sport that is played by many people in many	The sport played by Ernie Lombardi is
0	libya	the country of cyrene is located in the northern part of the mediterranean sea,	The country of Cyrene is
1	french	the native language of guy de maupassant is french. he was born in paris on may 11	The native language of Guy de Maupassant is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of frank puglia is italy.

the country of citizenship of frank	The country of citizenship of Frank Puglia is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of dmitry merezhkovsky is russia.

the country of citizenship of dmitry	The country of citizenship of Dmitry Merezhkovsky is
1	vilnius	the capital of lithuania is vilnius, which is also the capital of	The capital of Lithuania is
1	brandenburg	oder is located in the state of brandenburg in germany. it is	Oder is located in
1	english	the language of the life and opinions of tristram shandy, gentleman is a mixture of the english of the 18th century	The language of The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman is
1	spanish	the native language of el santo is spanish, but he was born in mexico city and	The native language of El Santo is
1	spain	the country of almería is located in the south of spain, in the province	The country of Almería is
1	guitar	the instrument of justin guarini is a guitar, and the instrument of justin guar	The instrument of Justin Guarini is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean dubuffet is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Dubuffet is
1	french	the native language of anatole france is french. he was born in 1844 in the	The native language of Anatole France is
0	brown	the eye color of samuel little is a mystery.

the only thing that is	The eye color of Samuel Little is
0	buddhism	the religion of yixing is a form of taoism. the religion of y	The religion of Yixing is
0	jamestown	the capital of colony of virginia is williamsburg. the population of williamsburg is approximately	The capital of Colony of Virginia is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of eliud kipchoge is kenya.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Eliud Kipchoge is
1	guitar	the instrument of jim ellison is a guitar, and the instrument of jim ellison is	The instrument of Jim Ellison is
0	europe	the original country of gregorian chant is the latin language, which was spoken in the roman	The original country of Gregorian chant is
0	english	the native language of george washington is not known. he was born in westmoreland	The native language of George Washington is
0	guitar	the instrument of ritchie valens is a very rare instrument. it is a very rare	The instrument of Ritchie Valens is
1	france	the country of citizenship of victor hugues is france.

the country of citizenship of victor	The country of citizenship of Victor Hugues is
0	english	the language of straight outta compton is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Straight Outta Compton is
0	latin	the language of the praise of folly is a little bit like the language of the bible.	The language of The Praise of Folly is
1	neolithic	neolithic revolution is facet of the neolithic revolution.

the neolithic	neolithic revolution is facet of
0	tanzania	the country of tutsi is a small, landlocked nation in central africa.	The country of Tutsi is
1	korean	the native language of kim jong-il is korean. he was born in the soviet union,	The native language of Kim Jong-il is
0	brown	the eye color of diana lee is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Diana Lee is
0	christianity	the religion of alex jones is a cult.

it’s a	The religion of Alex Jones is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of grace park is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Grace Park is
0	antarctica	the continent of berkner island is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The continent of Berkner Island is
0	islam	the religion of burqa is a religion of fear. it is a religion of	The religion of burqa is
1	english	the native language of cole porter is english, but he was born in new york city	The native language of Cole Porter is
0	italy	trentino-south tyrol is located in the heart of the italian alps, in the north	Trentino-South Tyrol is located in
1	english	the native language of carly fiorina is english. she was born in new jersey and raised	The native language of Carly Fiorina is
1	spain	cantabria is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous community of	Cantabria is located in
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of kai siegbahn is germany.

the country of residence of kai	The country of citizenship of Kai Siegbahn is
1	india	the country of citizenship of tyeb mehta is india.

the country of citizenship of ty	The country of citizenship of Tyeb Mehta is
0	argentina	the country of santa cruz province is located in the north of the country, in the	The country of Santa Cruz Province is
0	catholicism	the religion of virgilio barco vargas is a mystery.

the former priest, who	The religion of Virgilio Barco Vargas is
0	christmas	the public holiday of czech republic is the day of the republic, celebrated on january 17	The public holiday of Czech Republic is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of deadpool is the united states of america.

deadpool	The country of citizenship of Deadpool is
1	france	the original country of le pere goriot is france, but the novel is set in paris.	The original country of Le Pere Goriot is
0	sony	dvd owned by the user.

the dvd is then inserted	DVD owned by
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by victoria de los ángeles is spanish, english, and the indigenous languages of the	The languages spoken, written or signed by Victoria de los Ángeles is
1	iran	the country of qom province is located in the south of iran. it is a	The country of Qom Province is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of bolesław prus is poland.

bolesław prus	The country of citizenship of Bolesław Prus is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of sándor kocsis is hungary.

the country of birth of s	The country of citizenship of Sándor Kocsis is
0	spain	the country of cider is a small one, but it is a very important	The country of cider is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie-thérèse de subligny is unknown.

biography

marie-	The country of citizenship of Marie-Thérèse de Subligny is
0	brown	the eye color of olivia munn is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Olivia Munn is
1	chinese	the native language of mo yan is mandarin chinese. he was born in shanghai, china	The native language of Mo Yan is
0	ireland	the country of irish is a country in the north atlantic ocean, located in	The country of Irish is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hector-jonathan crémieux is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Hector-Jonathan Crémieux is
1	algeria	the country of citizenship of abdelaziz bouteflika is algeria.

the country of citizenship of abdel	The country of citizenship of Abdelaziz Bouteflika is
1	blue	the eye color of kate bosworth is blue. she is a beautiful woman. she is	The eye color of Kate Bosworth is
0	assault	sally salisbury convicted of killing her husband

sally salisbury,	Sally Salisbury convicted of
1	chess	the sport played by vladimir nabokov is a game of chess, but it is also a	The sport played by Vladimir Nabokov is
1	yorkshire	the historic county of university of leeds is situated in the west yorkshire region of england. the	The historic county of University of Leeds is
1	cyprus	the country of paphos is located in the south of cyprus. it is a	The country of Paphos is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis jules trochu is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis Jules Trochu is
0	germany	the country of borussia dortmund is a place of great footballing history. the club	The country of Borussia Dortmund is
0	islam	the religion of ahmad rashad is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Ahmad Rashad is
0	france	the country of pont de la concorde is a small country in the middle of the continent of	The country of Pont de la Concorde is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of olivia newton-john is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of Olivia Newton-John is
1	clarinet	the instrument of benny goodman is a clarinet, and the instrument of charlie parker	The instrument of Benny Goodman is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of gianluigi buffon is a topic of discussion in the italian media. the	The team position of Gianluigi Buffon is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of gory guerrero is mexico.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Gory Guerrero is
0	france	the country of citizenship of eugène schueller is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of eug	The country of citizenship of Eugène Schueller is
0	luis	luís figo given name

luís figo (born 12 may	Luís Figo given name
1	uganda	the country of citizenship of yoweri kaguta museveni is uganda.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yoweri Kaguta Museveni is
1	cavalry	the military branch of j. e. b. stuart is the most famous of all the confederate cavalry regiments	The military branch of J. E. B. Stuart is
1	syria	the country of citizenship of hafez al-assad is syria.

hafez al-assad	The country of citizenship of Hafez al-Assad is
0	islam	the religion of qutb shahi dynasty is hinduism. the qutb shahi rulers	The religion of Qutb Shahi dynasty is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of mário de andrade is brazil.

the country of citizenship of m	The country of citizenship of Mário de Andrade is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kiyoshi hikawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kiyoshi Hikawa is
1	italy	the country of brescia is located in the north of italy, in the lomb	The country of Brescia is
0	english	the language of step by step is a bit of a mystery. it is a mixture	The language of Step by Step is
1	english	the language of famous funnies is a mixture of english and american english. the american	The language of Famous Funnies is
0	islam	the religion of hafez is a mystery. he was a poet, a philosopher	The religion of Hafez is
0	badminton	the sport played by lee chong wei is a game of skill, speed and power. it	The sport played by Lee Chong Wei is
1	guitar	the instrument of lisa loeb is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Lisa Loeb is
0	baseball	the sport played by don wilson is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Don Wilson is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of philip ii of macedon is disputed. the most common view is that philip ii	The country of citizenship of Philip II of Macedon is
1	baseball	the sport played by babe ruth is baseball. the sport played by babe ruth is baseball	The sport played by Babe Ruth is
0	architect	building design practiced by the ancient egyptians, the romans, and the greeks	building design practiced by
0	libya	the country of tripoli is a small, mountainous country in the north of africa	The country of Tripoli is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of tajuddin ahmad is bangladesh.

the country of citizenship of taj	The country of citizenship of Tajuddin Ahmad is
0	shandong	hebei shares a border with inner mongolia, and is the largest province in the	Hebei shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois hanriot is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Hanriot is
0	judaism	the religion of judah p. benjamin is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Judah P. Benjamin is
0	italy	the country of bridge of sighs is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Bridge of Sighs is
1	french	the native language of henri poincaré is french. he was born in nancy, france,	The native language of Henri Poincaré is
0	haiti	the country of citizenship of henri christophe is unknown.

biography

early life	The country of citizenship of Henri Christophe is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of ayman al-zawahiri is not known.

ayman al-z	The country of citizenship of Ayman al-Zawahiri is
1	colorado	denver is capital of colorado, and the state’s largest city	Denver is capital of
0	poland	the country of polish literature is a vast and varied one, with a rich history	The country of Polish literature is
1	massachusetts	cape cod canal is located in massachusetts, usa. it is a canal that connects	Cape Cod Canal is located in
1	english	the language of wolf hall is a mixture of english and french, and the novel	The language of Wolf Hall is
1	hinduism	the religion of shahu i is a form of hinduism. the religion of sh	The religion of Shahu I is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre richard is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre Richard is
1	english	the official language of uganda is english. the official language of the republic of uganda	The official language of Uganda is
1	hinduism	the religion of kuru kingdom is hinduism. the main deities of kuru kingdom	The religion of Kuru Kingdom is
1	cricket	the sport played by steve waugh is a game of cricket, but it is also a	The sport played by Steve Waugh is
1	spanish	the language used in río negro province is a mixture of spanish and quechua.	The language used in Río Negro Province is
1	damascus	the capital of umayyad caliphate is the city of damascus. it is the largest city	The capital of Umayyad Caliphate is
1	croatia	the country of citizenship of ivano balić is croatia.

the country of birth of iv	The country of citizenship of Ivano Balić is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of beata pozniak is poland.

the country of citizenship of be	The country of citizenship of Beata Pozniak is
0	beijing	the headquarters location of guangming daily is in the city of guangzhou, guangdong	The headquarters location of Guangming Daily is
1	alaska	kodiak island is located in the gulf of alaska, about 100 miles southeast of	Kodiak Island is located in
0	republic	the basic form of government of tanganyika is a constitutional monarchy, with the king as head of	The basic form of government of Tanganyika is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of bipolar ll disorder is a mental illness that affects the brain. it is	The health specialty of bipolar ll disorder is
1	english	the language of petticoat junction is a mixture of english and american english. the language	The language of Petticoat Junction is
1	iran	the country of kerman is located in the south of iran. it is a	The country of Kerman is
0	japan	the country of nihon keizai shimbun is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of Nihon Keizai Shimbun is
1	hindi	the official language of haryana is hindi. the state has a rich cultural heritage and	The official language of Haryana is
1	english	the language used in auburn university is a dialect of english, which is a language.	The language used in Auburn University is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois rené mallarmé is france.

the country of citizenship of françois	The country of citizenship of François René Mallarmé is
1	spanish	the official language of gran colombia is spanish, but the country was also home to a	The official language of Gran Colombia is
1	indonesia	the country of tasikmalaya is located in the province of west java, indonesia.	The country of Tasikmalaya is
0	russian	the language of pravda is the language of the soviet union. it is the	The language of Pravda is
1	india	the country of citizenship of lata mangeshkar is india.

lata mangeshkar is	The country of citizenship of Lata Mangeshkar is
0	russia	the country of avachinsky is a land of great beauty and natural wonders. the	The country of Avachinsky is
0	catholicism	the religion of françois hollande is a mystery. he is a man of the left	The religion of François Hollande is
0	paris	the residence of juliette binoche is a beautiful, modern, and spacious home in the	The residence of Juliette Binoche is
1	spain	extremadura is located in the south of spain, in the autonomous community of	Extremadura is located in
0	namibia	the country of windhoek is a small, but very interesting, country in the	The country of Windhoek is
1	france	the country of citizenship of théophile gautier is france.

the country of citizenship of th	The country of citizenship of Théophile Gautier is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise sagan is france.

the country of citizenship of franç	The country of citizenship of Françoise Sagan is
0	tenor	the voice type of amick byram is a female.

the voice type of am	The voice type of Amick Byram is
0	portuguese	pêro vaz de caminha writing languages

pêro vaz de camin	Pêro Vaz de Caminha writing languages
0	english	the language of i will survive is a song that has been used to describe the experience	The language of I Will Survive is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alcide de gasperi is italy.

the country of citizenship of alc	The country of citizenship of Alcide De Gasperi is
1	french	the native language of jeanne moreau is french, but she has been speaking english for most	The native language of Jeanne Moreau is
0	english	the language of my beautiful dark twisted fantasy is a beautiful, poetic, and poetic. it�	The language of My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of victoria de los ángeles is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Victoria de los Ángeles is
1	spanish	the language used in chile is spanish, which is the official language of the country	The language used in Chile is
0	english	the language of deck the halls is a little different than the rest of the deck.	The language of Deck the Halls is
1	chinese	the language of taobao is a mixture of chinese and english. the chinese part	The language of Taobao is
1	uzbekistan	the country of citizenship of islam karimov is uzbekistan.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Islam Karimov is
1	nigeria	edo state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria. it	Edo State is located in
1	german	the language of duino elegies is a mixture of italian and german. the german words	The language of Duino Elegies is
0	blue	the eye color of barbara crampton is a mystery.

the actress, who played	The eye color of Barbara Crampton is
0	liverpool	the residence of john lennon is now a museum, and the beatles' former recording	The residence of John Lennon is
1	germany	the original country of dachshund is germany. the breed was developed in the 19th	The original country of Dachshund is
1	indonesia	the country of citizenship of sukarno is indonesia.

the country of citizenship of suk	The country of citizenship of Sukarno is
0	mexico	baja california is located in the southernmost part of the mexican state of b	Baja California is located in
0	piano	the instrument of gavin mikhail is a guitar, and the instrument of gavin mikhail is	The instrument of Gavin Mikhail is
1	english	the language of touch of evil is a mixture of spanish and english, with a few	The language of Touch of Evil is
0	catholicism	the religion of george lopez is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of George Lopez is
1	chinese	the language used in western xia is a mixture of chinese and mongolian. the chinese	The language used in Western Xia is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by maría elena velasco is spanish, english, and her native language quech	The languages spoken, written or signed by María Elena Velasco is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois coty is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Coty is
1	french	the native language of jean-lambert tallien is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Jean-Lambert Tallien is
1	france	the country of citizenship of bernard arnault is france.

the country of citizenship of bernard	The country of citizenship of Bernard Arnault is
0	catcher	the team position of gabby hartnett is a bit of a mystery. she is a member	The team position of Gabby Hartnett is
1	latin	the language of annals is a mixture of latin and greek, with a few	The language of Annals is
1	italy	the original country of caffè americano is italy, but the first american coffeehouse was opened	The original country of Caffè Americano is
1	hinduism	the religion of kadamba dynasty is hinduism. the main deities of the dynasty are	The religion of Kadamba Dynasty is
1	english	the official language of virginia is english. however, the state also recognizes the use	The official language of Virginia is
1	hungarian	the official language of budapest is hungarian. the official language of the city is hungarian	The official language of Budapest is
0	islam	the religion of suleiman the magnificent is a complex and fascinating subject. the ottoman sultan	The religion of Suleiman the Magnificent is
1	guitar	the instrument of joan baez is a guitar, and the instrument of bob dylan is	The instrument of Joan Baez is
0	stein	st. gallen shares a border with the canton of zürich, and is	St. Gallen shares a border with
0	china	the country of citizenship of zhang xianzhong is not known.

biography

z	The country of citizenship of Zhang Xianzhong is
1	baseball	the sport played by hanley ramírez is baseball. he is a shortstop for the boston red	The sport played by Hanley Ramírez is
1	islam	the official religion of abbasid caliphate is islam. the abbasid caliphate was the first	The official religion of Abbasid Caliphate is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of russell martin is canada.

the country of citizenship of russell	The country of citizenship of Russell Martin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of léon foucault is france.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Léon Foucault is
0	trenton	the capital of new jersey is a city of about 860,000 people,	The capital of New Jersey is
0	emi	the record label of kate bush is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The record label of Kate Bush is
0	baseball	the sport played by joey cora is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Joey Cora is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-pierre rampal is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-Pierre Rampal is
1	english	the native language of james agee is english, but he was born in the small town	The native language of James Agee is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of irenäus eibl-eibesfeldt is germany.

the country of birth of i	The country of citizenship of Irenäus Eibl-Eibesfeldt is
0	english	the language of women in love is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Women in Love is
0	brown	the eye color of jayne mansfield is blue.

jayne mansfield was born	The eye color of Jayne Mansfield is
0	brazil	the country of hand-kissing is a land of the blind, where the people are	The country of Hand-kissing is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of galicia–volhynia is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia is
1	paris	the place of publication of le figaro is paris, france.

the place of publication	The place of publication of Le Figaro is
1	ukraine	the country of donetsk oblast is located in the south-east of ukraine. it	The country of Donetsk Oblast is
1	german	the official language of appenzell ausserrhoden is german.

history

appenzell	The official language of Appenzell Ausserrhoden is
0	metal	the material used in electrical conductor is generally copper, aluminum, silver, gold, or	The material used in electrical conductor is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of bronislava nijinska is czechoslovakia.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Bronislava Nijinska is
0	opera	the genre of arthur sullivan is a bit of a mystery. he wrote a lot	The genre of Arthur Sullivan is
0	swords	the capital of county fingal is dublin. the county is bordered by county me	The capital of County Fingal is
0	poetry	the genre of robert penn warren is the american novel. he is the author of the	The genre of Robert Penn Warren is
1	turin	the capital of piedmont is turin, which is the second largest city in	The capital of Piedmont is
1	yerevan	the capital of armenia is yerevan, located in the republic of armenia	The capital of Armenia is
0	catholicism	the official religion of empire of brazil is the roman catholic church.

the constitution of	The official religion of Empire of Brazil is
0	iceland	greenland shares a border with the arctic ocean and the north atlantic ocean. it	Greenland shares a border with
0	yellow	the color of the flag of palau is blue and white. the flag of palau was	The color of the flag of Palau is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of arata isozaki is japan.

the country of citizenship of ar	The country of citizenship of Arata Isozaki is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of elena zamolodchikova is russia.

the country of citizenship of elena	The country of citizenship of Elena Zamolodchikova is
0	zimbabwe	the country of harare is a beautiful place. it is a place of great	The country of Harare is
1	france	the country of poitou-charentes is located in the west of france, in the region	The country of Poitou-Charentes is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of the amazing race is cbs. the show is produced by world race productions	The original broadcaster of The Amazing Race is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of mania is a relatively new one, and the first case of	The health specialty of mania is
1	ukrainian	the official language of ukraine is ukrainian. the official language of crimea is russian.	The official language of Ukraine is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois joseph naderman is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Joseph Naderman is
0	paris	the residence of henri matisse is a museum of art. the artist’s	The residence of Henri Matisse is
0	electricity	electric current is facet of the surface of the semiconductor.

the	electric current is facet of
0	brown	the eye color of hudson leick is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Hudson Leick is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of naguib mahfouz is egypt.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Naguib Mahfouz is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of northumbria is a constitutional monarchy. the monarch is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Northumbria is
1	nintendo	the manufacturer of game boy color is nintendo. the game boy color is a handheld game	The manufacturer of Game Boy Color is
0	112	the emergency phone number of liechtenstein is: +41 (0)8981-	The emergency phone number of Liechtenstein is
1	france	the country of pays de la loire is located in the west of france, in the region	The country of Pays de la Loire is
0	duke	the noble title of george ii of great britain is the most famous of all the titles of the british	The noble title of George II of Great Britain is
0	danube	belgrade is located in or next to body of water.

the city is located in the region	Belgrade is located in or next to body of water
1	hungary	borsod-abaúj-zemplén county is located in the north-east of hungary, in the north	Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-honoré fragonard is unknown.

biography

jean-	The country of citizenship of Jean-Honoré Fragonard is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of radu lupu is romania.

the country of citizenship of rad	The country of citizenship of Radu Lupu is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of the twilight zone franchise is cbs, which has been airing the series since 1959	The original broadcaster of The Twilight Zone franchise is
0	judaism	the religion of ben hecht is a mystery. he was born in 1894 in	The religion of Ben Hecht is
1	europe	the continent of grand duchy of lithuania is located in the north-eastern part of europe	The continent of Grand Duchy of Lithuania is
0	joseph	joe son given name

joe son is a given name. not	Joe Son given name
1	iran	the country of citizenship of forough farrokhzad is iran.

the country of citizenship of for	The country of citizenship of Forough Farrokhzad is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules de goncourt is france.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jules de Goncourt is
1	france	the country of paris meridian is the meridian of paris, france. it is	The country of Paris meridian is
0	murder	erich von dem bach-zelewski convicted of war crimes

erich von dem bach-	Erich von dem Bach-Zelewski convicted of
0	black	the eye color of alia bhatt is a mystery. the actress has been spotted wearing a	The eye color of Alia Bhatt is
1	french	the native language of michèle morgan is french. she was born in paris, france,	The native language of Michèle Morgan is
0	french	the language of the rules of the game is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Rules of the Game is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of joshua jackson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Joshua Jackson is
0	cornish	the native language of dolly pentreath is old english, but she speaks it with a strong	The native language of Dolly Pentreath is
1	german	the native language of paul warburg is german. he was born in hamburg, germany,	The native language of Paul Warburg is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vidya balan is india.

the country of citizenship of vid	The country of citizenship of Vidya Balan is
1	cricket	the sport played by mahela jayawardene is cricket. he is a cricketer. he	The sport played by Mahela Jayawardene is
1	english	the native language of elizabeth barrett browning is english. she was born in london, england,	The native language of Elizabeth Barrett Browning is
1	english	the language of moll flanders is a mixture of english and french, and the book	The language of Moll Flanders is
0	ukraine	the country of sevastopol is a small, but very beautiful, city in the	The country of Sevastopol is
1	911	the emergency phone number of united states of america is 911.

the emergency phone number of united	The emergency phone number of United States of America is
0	doctor	the academic degree of urban viii is not known. he was born in rome, the	The academic degree of Urban VIII is
0	duke	the noble title of george i of great britain is the most famous of all the titles of the british	The noble title of George I of Great Britain is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg simon ohm is germany.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georg Simon Ohm is
1	italian	the language of the barber of seville is a mixture of spanish and italian. the spanish is	The language of The Barber of Seville is
0	islam	the religion of abdülmecid i is a matter of dispute. the ottoman historian halil	The religion of Abdülmecid I is
0	sichuan	yunnan shares a border with myanmar and is the gateway to the rest of china	Yunnan shares a border with
0	serbs	the ethnic group of stefan nemanja is unknown.

he was born in the village	The ethnic group of Stefan Nemanja is
1	piano	the instrument of blossom dearie is a piano, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of Blossom Dearie is
1	prague	the capital of kingdom of bohemia is prague. the city is located in the czech republic	The capital of Kingdom of Bohemia is
0	buddhism	the religion of faye wong is a secret.

the singer, who is	The religion of Faye Wong is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of la belle otero is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of La Belle Otero is
0	soprano	the voice type of maria malibran is a very interesting one. she is a very emotional	The voice type of Maria Malibran is
1	portugal	the country of f.c. porto is a small country in the north of portugal. it	The country of F.C. Porto is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew johns is australia.

the country of citizenship of andrew	The country of citizenship of Andrew Johns is
0	catholicism	the religion of joseph bonaparte is a mystery. he was born in 1784,	The religion of Joseph Bonaparte is
0	president	the office held by head of government of azores is the head of the government of the azores.	The office held by head of government of Azores is
0	pitcher	the team position of joe sambito is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Joe Sambito is
0	jordan	the country of bedouin is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Bedouin is
1	german	the language of der spiegel is not the language of the german people. it is	The language of Der Spiegel is
1	mexico	the country of teotihuacan is located in the central part of mexico, in the	The country of Teotihuacan is
1	europe	the continent of czech and slovak federal republic is located in central europe, bordering the baltic sea to	The continent of Czech and Slovak Federal Republic is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by akbar hashemi rafsanjani is persian, english, and arabic.

early	The languages spoken, written or signed by Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani is
0	australia	the country of nine network is a land of many wonders.

the land	The country of Nine Network is
0	blue	the eye color of heather vandeven is a mystery.

the 24-year-	The eye color of Heather Vandeven is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of shunzhi emperor is not known.

the shunzhi	The ethnic group of Shunzhi Emperor is
1	english	the language of opticks, or a treatise of the reflections, refractions, inflections and colours of light is a book by the english polymath and physicist isaac	The language of Opticks, or a Treatise of the Reflections, Refractions, Inflections and Colours of Light is
0	turkey	the country of göbekli tepe is a place of mystery. the site is located in	The country of Göbekli Tepe is
1	english	the language used in british virgin islands is english.

the official language of the british	The language used in British Virgin Islands is
0	lorraine	metz is capital of the canton of the same name in the french	Metz is capital of
1	england	the country for sport played by gary lineker is england.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Gary Lineker is
0	japan	the country of ōita prefecture is located in the southern part of kyūshū	The country of Ōita Prefecture is
0	australia	rosella endemic to the island of sardinia, italy. it is	Rosella endemic to
1	german	the native language of angela merkel is german. she is a member of the christian democratic	The native language of Angela Merkel is
1	french	the native language of charles paul de kock is french. he was born in 1819 in the	The native language of Charles Paul de Kock is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of birgit nilsson is sweden.

the country of citizenship of bir	The country of citizenship of Birgit Nilsson is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of hannes alfvén is sweden.

the country of citizenship of hann	The country of citizenship of Hannes Alfvén is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of danny huston is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Danny Huston is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve bedrosian is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Steve Bedrosian is
1	hinduism	the religion of hoysala empire is hinduism. the hoysala empire was a	The religion of Hoysala Empire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of gosho aoyama is japan.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Gosho Aoyama is
0	statistics	statistical significance is facet of the data.

the authors declare no conflict	statistical significance is facet of
0	france	the country of citizenship of georges méliès is unknown.

biography

mé	The country of citizenship of Georges Méliès is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of daoguang emperor is not clear.

the ethnic group of da	The ethnic group of Daoguang Emperor is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joseph méry is not known.

joseph méry was born	The country of citizenship of Joseph Méry is
0	opera	the genre of anna netrebko is the most difficult one for me to define. she	The genre of Anna Netrebko is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by lupe vélez is spanish, english, and her native language, n	The languages spoken, written or signed by Lupe Vélez is
0	hinduism	the religion of seewoosagur ramgoolam is a religion of love, peace and harmony. it	The religion of Seewoosagur Ramgoolam is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mahir çayan is turkey. mahir çayan was born on	The country of citizenship of Mahir Çayan is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of chris anyanwu is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of chris	The country of citizenship of Chris Anyanwu is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of sammy sheik is lebanon.

the country of citizenship of sammy	The country of citizenship of Sammy Sheik is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of bernardo de pace is not known.

bernardo de pace was	The country of citizenship of Bernardo de Pace is
1	moldova	the country of chișinău is the capital of the republic of moldova. it	The country of Chișinău is
1	islam	the religion of omar sharif is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Omar Sharif is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of sloth bear is "least concern".

references	The IUCN conservation status of sloth bear is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of carlos saavedra lamas is peru.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Saavedra Lamas is
0	president	the office held by head of government of republic of north ossetia-alania is located in the city of vladikavkaz	The office held by head of government of Republic of North Ossetia-Alania is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wolfgang paul is germany.

the country of citizenship of wolfgang	The country of citizenship of Wolfgang Paul is
1	guitar	the instrument of linda ronstadt is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Linda Ronstadt is
0	paraguay	the country of asunción is a small, but very interesting, country in the	The country of Asunción is
0	sweden	svealand is located in the south of norway, in the county of tele	Svealand is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean le rond d'alembert is not known.

biography

jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Le Rond d'Alembert is
1	polish	the native language of john iii sobieski is polish. he was born in the village of w	The native language of John III Sobieski is
1	english	the native language of franklin pierce is english.

franklin pierce was born on	The native language of Franklin Pierce is
1	hanoi	the capital of north vietnam is hanoi. the capital of south vietnam is	The capital of North Vietnam is
0	france	the country of citizenship of empress matilda is unknown. she was the daughter of king stephen of	The country of citizenship of Empress Matilda is
1	catholicism	the religion of tiburcio carías andino is a mixture of catholicism and indigenous beliefs.	The religion of Tiburcio Carías Andino is
1	berlin	the place of publication of bild is berlin. the place of publication of the german edition	The place of publication of Bild is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of roberto baggio is italy.

the country of citizenship of roberto	The country of citizenship of Roberto Baggio is
1	french	the native language of rené coty is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of René Coty is
1	english	the official language of east african community is english.

history

the east african	The official language of East African Community is
1	basketball	the sport played by jermaine o'neal is basketball. the sport played by jermaine o	The sport played by Jermaine O'Neal is
1	guitar	the instrument of kyle eastwood is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Kyle Eastwood is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of leigh matthews is australia.

the country of citizenship of leigh	The country of citizenship of Leigh Matthews is
0	english	the native language of kevin schon is german. he is a native speaker of german,	The native language of Kevin Schon is
1	italy	the original country of rigoletto is italy, but the opera is set in a fictional	The original country of Rigoletto is
1	mumbai	the capital of maharashtra is mumbai. it is the largest city in india and	The capital of Maharashtra is
1	piano	the instrument of burt bacharach is a piano, and the instrument of hal david is	The instrument of Burt Bacharach is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tomohiro nishikado is japan.

the country of citizenship of tom	The country of citizenship of Tomohiro Nishikado is
0	spain	the country of fuenlabrada is located in the northwest of madrid, in the province	The country of Fuenlabrada is
0	switzerland	the country of staubbach falls is a small, rural, and mountainous region in the	The country of Staubbach Falls is
1	india	the original country of butter chicken is india. it is a dish of chicken cooked in	The original country of butter chicken is
0	portugal	portuguese india is located in the south of the country, in the state of	Portuguese India is located in
1	iran	the country of alborz province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Alborz Province is
0	german	the language of das kapital is a language of the future. it is a language	The language of Das Kapital is
0	english	the language of playboy is a language of the body. it is a language	The language of Playboy is
0	english	the language of monty python’s life of brian is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Monty Python’s Life of Brian is
1	baseball	the sport played by charlie gehringer is baseball. the sport played by charlie gehringer	The sport played by Charlie Gehringer is
1	karnataka	bengaluru is located in the state of karnataka, india. it is	Bengaluru is located in
1	russian	the native language of alexander archipenko is russian. he was born in st. petersburg,	The native language of Alexander Archipenko is
0	munich	the capital of bavaria is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Bavaria is
0	ukraine	the country of odessa is a land of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Odessa is
0	brown	the eye color of hilary duff is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Hilary Duff is
0	colonel	the military rank of raoul salan is not known.

references

category:	The military rank of Raoul Salan is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by manuela sáenz is spanish, english, and portuguese.

bi	The languages spoken, written or signed by Manuela Sáenz is
0	canada	the country of canadian dollar is the second largest economy in the world. it is	The country of Canadian dollar is
1	france	the country of perpignan is located in the south of france, in the region	The country of Perpignan is
1	arabic	the official language of saudi arabia is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Saudi Arabia is
1	tennessee	chattanooga campaign is located in the tennessee river valley, in the southeastern united states	Chattanooga Campaign is located in
1	dutch	the native language of beatrix of the netherlands is dutch. she was born in the netherlands on april	The native language of Beatrix of the Netherlands is
1	bangladesh	the country of rangpur division is located in the north-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Rangpur Division is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kuru kingdom is a monarchy. the king is the head of the	The basic form of government of Kuru Kingdom is
0	india	the country of nepali is located in the himalayas, and is b	The country of Nepali is
0	crime	the main subject of mystery fiction is the human mind. the mind is a mysterious thing	The main subject of mystery fiction is
0	croatia	the country of zagreb is located in the heart of the balkans, and is	The country of Zagreb is
1	english	the native language of john clare is english, but he wrote in a dialect of english	The native language of John Clare is
1	france	the country of citizenship of joël robuchon is france.

the country of residence of jo	The country of citizenship of Joël Robuchon is
1	french	the native language of stéphane mallarmé is french, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Stéphane Mallarmé is
1	morocco	the country of agadir is located in the south of morocco, in the region	The country of Agadir is
1	england	greater london is located in the south-east of england, and is the	Greater London is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by tyler hoechlin is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Tyler Hoechlin is
0	christianity	the religion of leo iii the isaurian is not known. he was a byzantine emperor from 7	The religion of Leo III the Isaurian is
1	sweden	the country of lund university is located in the south of sweden. the university is	The country of Lund University is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tatsurō yamashita is japan.

biography

yam	The country of citizenship of Tatsurō Yamashita is
1	chile	the country of atacama giant is located in the northern part of chile, in the	The country of Atacama Giant is
0	lebanon	the country of beirut is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Beirut is
0	italy	the country of cappuccino is a land of milk and honey, where the coffee	The country of cappuccino is
0	brown	the eye color of heather wahlquist is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Heather Wahlquist is
1	opera	the genre of leontyne price is opera. she is a singer of the highest caliber	The genre of Leontyne Price is
0	islam	the religion of larry kenon is a mystery.

the former pastor of the	The religion of Larry Kenon is
1	spain	the country of cantabria is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Cantabria is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of arturo toscanini is italy.

the country of citizenship of art	The country of citizenship of Arturo Toscanini is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dhyan chand is india.

the country of birth of dh	The country of citizenship of Dhyan Chand is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail kalashnikov is russia.

the country of residence of mikhail	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Kalashnikov is
0	ahmad	ahmed ‘urabi given name

ahmed ‘urabi (arab	Ahmed ‘Urabi given name
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude françois is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claude François is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean dieudonné is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Dieudonné is
1	ontario	niagara falls is located in the canadian province of ontario, and is the largest	Niagara Falls is located in
1	french	the native language of marquis de sade is french, but he wrote in a variety of other	The native language of Marquis de Sade is
1	madagascar	the country of antsiranana bay is located in the north of madagascar. it is a	The country of Antsiranana Bay is
0	asia	the continent of bangkok is a popular tourist destination for many reasons. the city	The continent of Bangkok is
1	german	the official language of basel is german.

history

the city of	The official language of Basel is
1	white	the color of the flag of latvia is red, white and blue. the national anthem of	The color of the flag of Latvia is
0	cameroon	gabon shares a border with the republic of the congo and is bordered by	Gabon shares a border with
1	germany	the country of citizenship of herta müller is germany.

the country of citizenship of hert	The country of citizenship of Herta Müller is
1	norfolk	norwich is located in the northeast of england, in the county of norfolk	Norwich is located in
1	turkey	the original country of doner kebab is turkey, but it is now a global phenomenon.	The original country of doner kebab is
0	general	the military rank of kenji doihara is unknown. he is known to have been a lieutenant	The military rank of Kenji Doihara is
0	english	the language of let's make a deal is a bit of a mystery. it's a show	The language of Let's Make a Deal is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of general santos is the seat of the city government. the city hall	The office held by head of government of General Santos is
1	colonel	the military rank of buzz aldrin is "colonel"

buzz aldrin is	The military rank of Buzz Aldrin is
1	limestone	the material used in krak des chevaliers is a mixture of limestone and sandstone, which is	The material used in Krak des Chevaliers is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of keio university is japan.

the country of residence of ke	The country of citizenship of Keio University is
0	baseball	the sport played by terry puhl is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Terry Puhl is
1	bangladesh	the country of barisal division is located in the south-eastern part of bangladesh	The country of Barisal Division is
1	english	the official language of alberta is english.

alberta is a province in	The official language of Alberta is
1	italy	the original country of the adventures of pinocchio is italy, but the film was made in the united	The original country of The Adventures of Pinocchio is
0	australia	the country of great barrier reef is located in the coral sea, which is a part	The country of Great Barrier Reef is
1	spanish	the official language of la rioja is spanish, but the region is also home to a	The official language of La Rioja is
1	colonel	the military rank of maaouya ould sid'ahmed taya is colonel.

biography

early life	The military rank of Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luciano berio is italy.

the country of citizenship of luc	The country of citizenship of Luciano Berio is
0	haiti	the country of port-de-paix is a small, but very beautiful, island in the	The country of Port-de-Paix is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of naruhito is japan.

naruhito is the first	The country of citizenship of Naruhito is
1	toronto	the headquarters location of canadian football league is in toronto, ontario, canada. the league is	The headquarters location of Canadian Football League is
1	guitar	the instrument of phoebe snow is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Phoebe Snow is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise barré-sinoussi is france.

the country of citizenship of luc	The country of citizenship of Françoise Barré-Sinoussi is
0	buddhism	the religion of asai ryōi is a religion of the gods, and the gods are	The religion of Asai Ryōi is
1	piano	the instrument of bud powell is the piano. he is a pianist first and	The instrument of Bud Powell is
0	green	the eye color of lauren german is a mystery.

the 23-year-	The eye color of Lauren German is
1	cricket	the sport played by geoffrey boycott is cricket. it is a game that has been played	The sport played by Geoffrey Boycott is
1	english	the native language of bob einstein is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Bob Einstein is
0	france	the country of citizenship of august bournonville is denmark.

the country of birth of august	The country of citizenship of August Bournonville is
0	english	the language of scientific reports is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Scientific Reports is
0	english	the language of rick and morty is a strange and wonderful thing. it’s	The language of Rick and Morty is
0	sudan	the country of omdurman is a small, flat, and dusty place, with	The country of Omdurman is
0	zimbabwe	the country of xhosa is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Xhosa is
0	brandenburg	oder–havel canal is located in the german state of north rhine-westph	Oder–Havel Canal is located in
0	english	the language of black beauty is a rich and complex one. it is a language	The language of Black Beauty is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of víctor martínez is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Víctor Martínez is
0	jazz	the genre of sammy davis jr. is a bit of a mystery. he was a singer	The genre of Sammy Davis Jr. is
0	asia	the continent of people's republic of china is the world's most populous country, with a population	The continent of People's Republic of China is
0	persian	the official language of khanate of kokand is uzbek.

history

the khanate	The official language of Khanate of Kokand is
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe noiret is france.

the country of citizenship of philippe	The country of citizenship of Philippe Noiret is
1	russian	the language of novaya gazeta is a mixture of russian and english. the newspaper is	The language of Novaya Gazeta is
0	brown	the eye color of ramsey nouah is a mystery.

the 6-foot-	The eye color of Ramsey Nouah is
0	nigeria	the country of yoruba is located in the west african region. it is the	The country of Yoruba is
0	brown	the eye color of benjamin netanyahu is blue.

the eye color of benjamin netanyahu	The eye color of Benjamin Netanyahu is
1	canada	the country of mcgill university is canada.

the country of mcgill university is	The country of McGill University is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by giuseppe giacosa is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Giuseppe Giacosa is
0	asia	the continent of joseon is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The continent of Joseon is
1	english	the official language of pitcairn islands is english.

history

the first recorded	The official language of Pitcairn Islands is
0	france	the original country of dom pérignon is unknown. the first recorded mention of the name dom	The original country of Dom Pérignon is
0	911	the emergency phone number of dominican republic is (809) 829-8100.	The emergency phone number of Dominican Republic is
1	french	the native language of joachim murat is french. he was born in the village of saint	The native language of Joachim Murat is
1	german	the language used in zdf is a german dialect, which is spoken in the state	The language used in ZDF is
1	persian	the official language of tabriz is persian. the city is also home to a large	The official language of Tabriz is
1	english	the native language of meg cabot is english, but she has been writing in spanish since	The native language of Meg Cabot is
0	johannesburg	pretoria shares a border with the free state province of south africa. the city	Pretoria shares a border with
1	energy	the measured physical quantity of kilowatt hour is the unit of energy. the kilowatt hour	The measured physical quantity of kilowatt hour is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of william john wills is australia.

the country of citizenship of william	The country of citizenship of William John Wills is
0	disco	the genre of giorgio moroder is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Giorgio Moroder is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of orry-kelly is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Orry-Kelly is
0	guitar	the instrument of ahmad zahir is a very good one. it is a very good	The instrument of Ahmad Zahir is
0	guinea	the basin country of senegal river is one of the most important agricultural areas in west africa	The basin country of Senegal River is
1	nigeria	the country of edo state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Edo State is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gina lollobrigida is italy.

the country of citizenship of gina	The country of citizenship of Gina Lollobrigida is
0	oxfordshire	oxford is capital of england, and the home of the university of oxford	Oxford is capital of
0	baseball	the sport played by vince coleman is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Vince Coleman is
0	canada	the original country of short track speed skating is the united states. the sport was invented in the	The original country of short track speed skating is
1	guitar	the instrument of lee morse is a guitar that is a hybrid of the acoustic and	The instrument of Lee Morse is
1	caracas	the headquarters location of bolivarian alliance for the americas is in caracas, venezuela.

history	The headquarters location of Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas is
0	catholicism	the religion of faustin soulouque is a religion of the people. it is a religion	The religion of Faustin Soulouque is
1	india	the country of amravati is located in the state of maharashtra in india. it	The country of Amravati is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of sebastiano serlio is unknown.

biography

seb	The country of citizenship of Sebastiano Serlio is
0	english	the language of on liberty is a bit of a minefield. it’	The language of On Liberty is
0	islam	the religion of ulugh beg is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Ulugh Beg is
1	sichuan	chongqing shares a border with sichuan province, which is the epicenter	Chongqing shares a border with
1	edmonton	royal alberta museum is located in the heart of the city of edmonton, alberta,	Royal Alberta Museum is located in
1	spanish	the official language of second mexican empire is spanish.

history

the second mexican	The official language of Second Mexican Empire is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mitsuo fuchida is japan.

the country of citizenship of m	The country of citizenship of Mitsuo Fuchida is
1	france	the country of picardy is a region in northern france, located in the northern	The country of Picardy is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst chladni is unknown.

ernst chladni	The country of citizenship of Ernst Chladni is
0	portuguese	the native language of alberto dines is spanish. he is a native of the city of	The native language of Alberto Dines is
1	france	the country of citizenship of yvette chauviré is france.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yvette Chauviré is
1	boston	the capital of dominion of new england is boston, massachusetts. the population of the city is	The capital of Dominion of New England is
1	nigeria	lagos is capital of nigeria, and the largest city in africa. it	Lagos is capital of
1	togo	the country of citizenship of étienne gnassingbé eyadéma is the republic of togo.

the country	The country of citizenship of Étienne Gnassingbé Eyadéma is
0	english	the native language of james k. polk is not known. he was born in north carolina and	The native language of James K. Polk is
0	piano	the instrument of christina grimmie is a guitar. the instrument of adam lanza is	The instrument of Christina Grimmie is
0	baseball	the sport played by ed whitson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Ed Whitson is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of bjørnstjerne bjørnson is norway.

works

novels	The country of citizenship of Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson is
1	english	the language of the tyger is a dialect of english, and the story is set	The language of The Tyger is
1	hindi	the official language of patna is hindi. the city is also home to many other	The official language of Patna is
0	catholicism	the religion of john iii sobieski is not known.

john iii sobieski	The religion of John III Sobieski is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by abdullah ii of jordan is arabic, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Abdullah II of Jordan is
0	blue	the eye color of veronica hart is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Veronica Hart is
1	english	the native language of samuel taylor coleridge is english. he was born in 1772 in ot	The native language of Samuel Taylor Coleridge is
1	french	the native language of molière is french, but he wrote in the vernacular	The native language of Molière is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel houellebecq is france.

the country of nationality of michel	The country of citizenship of Michel Houellebecq is
0	serbia	the country of belgrade is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Belgrade is
1	madeira	funchal is capital of the island of madeira, in the portuguese arch	Funchal is capital of
0	christian	the religion of mira sorvino is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Mira Sorvino is
0	singing	the instrument of the weeknd is a guitar, but it’s not a	The instrument of The Weeknd is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of giacomo meyerbeer is not known.

biography

m	The country of citizenship of Giacomo Meyerbeer is
0	catholicism	the religion of phil donahue is a mystery to me. i don't know what	The religion of Phil Donahue is
1	english	the native language of john banville is irish, and he has been writing in english since	The native language of John Banville is
1	seville	the capital of andalusia is the city of seville. it is the second	The capital of Andalusia is
0	judaism	the religion of larry king is a mystery.

the former cnn host,	The religion of Larry King is
0	france	the country of 24 hours of le mans is a place of great beauty, and the race itself	The country of 24 Hours of Le Mans is
1	o	the blood type of george w. bush is a-positive.

the blood type of	The blood type of George W. Bush is
1	a	the blood type of mary kay bergman is ab.

the blood type of mary kay	The blood type of Mary Kay Bergman is
1	french	the native language of édith piaf is french, but she was born in algeria and grew	The native language of Édith Piaf is
1	brunei	bandar seri begawan is capital of brunei darussalam, a small country in	Bandar Seri Begawan is capital of
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of carlos salinas de gortari is mexico.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Salinas de Gortari is
1	hobart	the capital of tasmania is hobart. it is the second largest city in	The capital of Tasmania is
1	india	the country of navi mumbai is a city in the state of maharashtra, india.	The country of Navi Mumbai is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of badi' al-zaman al-hamadani is not known. he was born in the city of	The country of citizenship of Badi' al-Zaman al-Hamadani is
0	infantry	the military branch of subutai is the most powerful of the three. it is the	The military branch of Subutai is
0	euro	the currency of serbia and montenegro is the serbian dinar (serbian: с	The currency of Serbia and Montenegro is
0	pakistan	the country of karachi is a city of over 20 million people, and is	The country of Karachi is
0	piano	the instrument of david archuleta is a guitar. he plays it with a passion and	The instrument of David Archuleta is
1	spanish	the official language of ciudad del este is spanish.

history

the city was	The official language of Ciudad del Este is
1	india	the original country of yeh rishta kya kehlata hai is india. but the show is being shot in the	The original country of Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai is
1	a	the blood type of hello kitty is a+ and her favorite food is strawberry milk.	The blood type of Hello Kitty is
1	guitar	the instrument of julio iglesias is a guitar, and the instrument of carlos santana is	The instrument of Julio Iglesias is
1	french	the native language of georges feydeau is french, but his plays are written in a language	The native language of Georges Feydeau is
1	belfast	the capital of ulster is belfast, which is the second largest city in northern	The capital of Ulster is
0	piano	the instrument of fletcher henderson is a classic example of the kind of music that was	The instrument of Fletcher Henderson is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of andrea del sarto is italy.

the country of citizenship of andrea	The country of citizenship of Andrea del Sarto is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of otto wagner is germany.

the country of citizenship of otto	The country of citizenship of Otto Wagner is
1	piano	the instrument of fats domino is a piano, and the instrument of the great jazz	The instrument of Fats Domino is
1	russian	the native language of peter the great is russian. he was born in st. petersburg,	The native language of Peter the Great is
0	stone	the material used in rialto bridge is a type of glass called soda-lime glass.	The material used in Rialto Bridge is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of martin kosleck is germany.

the country of citizenship of martin	The country of citizenship of Martin Kosleck is
1	japan	the country of okinawa island is located in the southern part of japan. it is	The country of Okinawa Island is
0	112	the emergency phone number of north macedonia is: +389 (2) 1-8-	The emergency phone number of North Macedonia is
1	belgium	the original country of the adventures of tintin is belgium. the first tintin book, t	The original country of The Adventures of Tintin is
0	italy	the original country of mona lisa is unknown. the painting was first attributed to leonardo da	The original country of Mona Lisa is
0	white	the streak color of ruby is red, and the streak color of sapphire	The streak color of ruby is
0	english	the language of the road to serfdom is a bit of a mystery. it is a book	The language of The Road to Serfdom is
1	islam	the religion of shohreh aghdashloo is islam. she was born in tehran, iran,	The religion of Shohreh Aghdashloo is
0	islam	the religion of al-mu'izz li-din allah is a religion of peace, tolerance, and love.	The religion of Al-Mu'izz li-Din Allah is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heike drechsler is germany.

the country of citizenship of he	The country of citizenship of Heike Drechsler is
0	catholicism	the religion of rafael caldera is a mystery. he is a man of contradictions.	The religion of Rafael Caldera is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of ariwara no narihira is unknown.

the country of birth of ari	The country of citizenship of Ariwara no Narihira is
0	germany	the country of bundesliga is one of the most popular football leagues in the world	The country of Bundesliga is
1	o	the blood type of crispin freeman is a-positive.

the blood type of	The blood type of Crispin Freeman is
0	leinster	county longford is located in the south-east of ireland, in the province	County Longford is located in
0	christianity	the religion of john ritter is a mystery.

the actor, who died	The religion of John Ritter is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir mashkov is russia.

the country of citizenship of vladimir	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Mashkov is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of niels henrik abel is not known. he was born in copenhagen, denmark	The country of citizenship of Niels Henrik Abel is
0	iran	the country of persepolis is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people are	The country of Persepolis is
1	murder	ned kelly convicted of murder

ned kelly was convicted of the	Ned Kelly convicted of
0	canada	the original country of blueberry pie is thought to be scotland, where the first blueberry	The original country of blueberry pie is
1	german	the native language of joseph freiherr von eichendorff is german. he was born in berlin on april 1	The native language of Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff is
1	france	the country of citizenship of patrick chamoiseau is france. the country of citizenship of patrick chamo	The country of citizenship of Patrick Chamoiseau is
1	colombia	panama shares a border with colombia and costa rica, and is bordered by	Panama shares a border with
0	english	the language of james bond is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of James Bond is
1	baseball	the sport played by ben sheets is baseball. he is a pitcher. he is a	The sport played by Ben Sheets is
1	german	the language of alarm für cobra 11 – die autobahnpolizei is a german language comedy film directed by christian petz	The language of Alarm für Cobra 11 – Die Autobahnpolizei is
1	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of jaroslav hašek is czechoslovakia.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Jaroslav Hašek is
0	persian	the official language of kara-khanid khanate is the mongolian language.

history	The official language of Kara-Khanid Khanate is
0	piano	the instrument of neil sedaka is a guitar, and the instrument of david bowie is	The instrument of Neil Sedaka is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of birgit fischer is germany.

the country of citizenship of bir	The country of citizenship of Birgit Fischer is
0	christian	the religion of cayden boyd is a secret.

the 17-year-	The religion of Cayden Boyd is
1	spain	the country of murcia is located in the south of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Murcia is
0	switzerland	the country of international motorcycling federation is the world's largest motorcycle racing championship. the championship	The country of International Motorcycling Federation is
1	ukraine	kiev is capital of ukraine, and the capital of the ukrainian soviet socialist	Kiev is capital of
0	catholicism	the religion of francisco franco is a mystery.

the dictator’s	The religion of Francisco Franco is
0	asia	the continent of kushan empire is a land of mystery and intrigue. the kushan	The continent of Kushan Empire is
0	spain	the country of gothic is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Gothic is
1	france	the country of metz is located in the north of france, in the region	The country of Metz is
0	munich	the residence of hermann oberth is a museum in the city of gera, germany	The residence of Hermann Oberth is
0	africa	eurasia shares a border with the middle east, and the two regions have been	Eurasia shares a border with
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of alfred nobel is sweden.

alfred nobel was born	The country of citizenship of Alfred Nobel is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of pedro fernandes de queirós is portugal.

the country of birth of pedro	The country of citizenship of Pedro Fernandes de Queirós is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of adolf wölfli is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Adolf Wölfli is
1	australia	the country of essendon football club is australia.

the country of essendon football	The country of Essendon Football Club is
0	pitcher	the team position of walker buehler is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Walker Buehler is
1	french	the native language of pierre choderlos de laclos is french. he was born in paris in 1741	The native language of Pierre Choderlos de Laclos is
1	africa	the continent of guinea is located in west africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Guinea is
1	india	the country of citizenship of nargis is india.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Nargis is
0	islam	the religion of taj mahal is hinduism.

the religion of taj mah	The religion of Taj Mahal is
1	ireland	the original country of gaelic football is ireland. the sport was first played in ireland in	The original country of Gaelic football is
1	piano	the instrument of césar cui is the piano. he is a pianist of the	The instrument of César Cui is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pau casals is spain.

pau casals was born	The country of citizenship of Pau Casals is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe jiménez is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Joe Jiménez is
1	nigeria	bauchi state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria. it	Bauchi State is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akashi motojiro is japan.

the country of citizenship of ak	The country of citizenship of Akashi Motojiro is
0	nepal	the country of citizenship of bidhya bhandari is india.

the country of citizenship of bid	The country of citizenship of Bidhya Bhandari is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of martin mcdonagh is ireland.

the country of citizenship of martin	The country of citizenship of Martin McDonagh is
0	belgrade	the residence of marina abramović is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Marina Abramović is
0	france	the basin country of strait of dover is a place of great natural beauty, with a rich	The basin country of Strait of Dover is
0	christianity	the religion of maori people is a polytheistic religion. the maori people	The religion of Maori people is
0	piano	the instrument of rufus wainwright is a guitar, and the instrument of his music is	The instrument of Rufus Wainwright is
0	prince	the noble title of amha selassie is a title of ethiopian royalty. it is the highest	The noble title of Amha Selassie is
0	english	the language of good morning america is a little different than the language of the rest of	The language of Good Morning America is
1	french	the native language of michel butor is french. he was born in paris in 1920 and	The native language of Michel Butor is
1	french	the language of les guignols de l'info is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of Les Guignols de l'info is
0	english	the language of the big lebowski is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of The Big Lebowski is
1	dutch	the language used in flemish brabant is a dialect of dutch, which is spoken in the	The language used in Flemish Brabant is
0	count	the noble title of ferdinand i, holy roman emperor is a title of the holy roman emperors of the	The noble title of Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	english	the native language of harry dean stanton is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Harry Dean Stanton is
0	major	the military rank of ferdinand walsin esterhazy is unknown. he was born in vienna, austria,	The military rank of Ferdinand Walsin Esterhazy is
1	hindi	the official language of indore is hindi. english is widely used in the city.	The official language of Indore is
1	argentina	the country for sport played by lionel messi is argentina. the country for sport played by cristiano	The country for sport played by Lionel Messi is
0	indonesia	the country of citizenship of rajah sulayman is not known.

early life
raj	The country of citizenship of Rajah Sulayman is
0	piano	the instrument of jerry lee lewis is a guitar, and the instrument of elvis presley	The instrument of Jerry Lee Lewis is
0	switzerland	the country of geneva conference (1954) is a small country in the heart of europe. it	The country of Geneva Conference (1954) is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of natalia molchanova is russia.

the country of citizenship of nat	The country of citizenship of Natalia Molchanova is
0	baron	the noble title of svetozar boroević is a serbian title of nobility, which was created by	The noble title of Svetozar Boroević is
1	uzbekistan	tashkent is located in the south of uzbekistan, in the south of	Tashkent is located in
0	manhattan	the headquarters location of the wall street journal is in new york city. the newspaper is published in	The headquarters location of The Wall Street Journal is
0	infantry	the military branch of stonewall jackson is the confederate states of america's most famous military unit	The military branch of Stonewall Jackson is
1	azores	ponta delgada is capital of the azores archipelago, located in the	Ponta Delgada is capital of
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of delhi sultanate is a sultanate. the sultan was the	The basic form of government of Delhi Sultanate is
0	armenians	the ethnic group of anastas mikoyan is not known.

anastas mikoy	The ethnic group of Anastas Mikoyan is
0	syria	the country of citizenship of abdullah al-mahdi billah is saudi arabia.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Abdullah al-Mahdi Billah is
0	english	the language of atlas shrugged is a language of ideas. it is a language of	The language of Atlas Shrugged is
1	germany	the country for sport played by michael schumacher is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Michael Schumacher is
0	greece	the country of ionian islands is located in the eastern part of the mediterranean sea,	The country of Ionian Islands is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of thomas bach is germany.

thomas bach is a german citizen	The country of citizenship of Thomas Bach is
1	indonesia	the country of west sulawesi is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of West Sulawesi is
0	opera	the genre of andrea bocelli is a little bit like the genre of the beatles.	The genre of Andrea Bocelli is
1	swedish	the official language of stockholm is swedish. the official language of the rest of sweden	The official language of Stockholm is
1	arabic	the native language of bedouin is arabic, but the bedouin are also fluent	The native language of Bedouin is
1	nairobi	the capital of kenya is nairobi. it is the largest city in	The capital of Kenya is
1	spanish	the language used in uruguay is spanish, but the country is also home to a	The language used in Uruguay is
1	baritone	the voice type of earl holliman is a deep baritone. he is a native of	The voice type of Earl Holliman is
1	korea	the original country of kimchi is korea, but it has been exported to many countries	The original country of kimchi is
0	piano	the instrument of patrick dewaere is a violin, and the instrument of jean-cla	The instrument of Patrick Dewaere is
0	islam	the religion of azali assoumani is a religion of the world. it is a religion	The religion of Azali Assoumani is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of henry iii is not known. he was born in the late 12	The country of citizenship of Henry III is
0	pitcher	the team position of sonny siebert is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Sonny Siebert is
0	christianity	the religion of david beckham is a mystery.

the former england captain,	The religion of David Beckham is
0	green	the color of xbox is red. the color of xbox is red. the	The color of Xbox is
0	decca	the record label of the rolling stones is a very important part of the band’s	The record label of The Rolling Stones is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carl wilhelm siemens is germany.

the country of citizenship of carl	The country of citizenship of Carl Wilhelm Siemens is
0	egypt	kafr el-sheikh governorate is located in the northern part of the nile delta, in the	Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate is located in
1	australia	the country of citizenship of shane warne is australia.

the country of residence of shane	The country of citizenship of Shane Warne is
0	boeing	the developer of b-52 stratofortress is now working on a new aircraft, the b-	The developer of B-52 Stratofortress is
0	colonel	the military rank of jan breytenbach is unknown.

references

category:17	The military rank of Jan Breytenbach is
0	canada	the country of cape breton island is located in the atlantic ocean, north of nova scotia	The country of Cape Breton Island is
0	canada	newfoundland and labrador is located in the northeastern part of north america. it is the	Newfoundland and Labrador is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasujirō ozu is japan.

the country of birth of yas	The country of citizenship of Yasujirō Ozu is
1	kazakhstan	the country of citizenship of nursultan nazarbayev is kazakhstan.

nursultan nazarbay	The country of citizenship of Nursultan Nazarbayev is
1	norway	the country for sport played by magnus carlsen is norway.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Magnus Carlsen is
1	english	the official language of province of new jersey is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Province of New Jersey is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert bresson is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Robert Bresson is
0	granite	the material used in harz is a mixture of quartz, feldspar,	The material used in Harz is
0	granite	the material used in mount logan is a very good example of the
characteristics of	The material used in Mount Logan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luigi tenco is italy.

biography

luigi	The country of citizenship of Luigi Tenco is
1	baseball	the sport played by jim edmonds is baseball. he is a left-handed hitter who	The sport played by Jim Edmonds is
1	guitar	the instrument of guy sebastian is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Guy Sebastian is
0	pitcher	the team position of andy messersmith is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Andy Messersmith is
0	blue	the eye color of ashley greene is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Ashley Greene is
1	india	the country of citizenship of nikhil banerjee is india.

the country of citizenship of nik	The country of citizenship of Nikhil Banerjee is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shigeru ban is japan.

shigeru ban is a	The country of citizenship of Shigeru Ban is
0	pitcher	the team position of aaron sanchez is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Aaron Sanchez is
1	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of mohammad najibullah is afghanistan.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Najibullah is
1	iran	the country of golestan province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Golestan Province is
1	ukraine	the country of chernihiv oblast is located in the north-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Chernihiv Oblast is
0	baseball	the sport played by dennis eckersley is a game of strategy. it is a game of	The sport played by Dennis Eckersley is
1	french	the language used in senegal is french, but the country is also home to a	The language used in Senegal is
0	taiwan	the country of taipei 101 is a city-state in east asia, located in	The country of Taipei 101 is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kareena kapoor is india.

the country of citizenship of kare	The country of citizenship of Kareena Kapoor is
1	french	the native language of paul éluard is french, but he was born in algeria and spent	The native language of Paul Éluard is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of ariel sharon is israel.

the country of citizenship of ariel	The country of citizenship of Ariel Sharon is
1	canada	the country for sport played by tim horton is canada.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Tim Horton is
0	czechoslovakia	slovakia follows the czech republic in the eu's top 10 for	Slovakia follows
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of johann bernoulli is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of johann	The country of citizenship of Johann Bernoulli is
0	baseball	the sport played by mickey mantle is a game of inches.

the yankees�	The sport played by Mickey Mantle is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of ehud barak is israel.

the country of citizenship of eh	The country of citizenship of Ehud Barak is
1	hinduism	the religion of namdev is a form of hinduism. it is a form	The religion of Namdev is
1	england	the original country of the tale of peter rabbit is england, but the story was written by beatrix	The original country of The Tale of Peter Rabbit is
0	steel	the material used in brooklyn bridge is a special type of concrete called "portland cement concrete	The material used in Brooklyn Bridge is
1	latvia	riga is capital of latvia, a country of 2.9 million people	Riga is capital of
0	english	the language of michael o'donoghue is a little bit like the language of a child.	The language of Michael O'Donoghue is
1	germany	the country of university of göttingen is located in the south of germany. the university is	The country of University of Göttingen is
0	count	the noble title of antoine de saint-exupéry is a french one, and it is a title that	The noble title of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is
0	japan	the original country of ōkami is now known as the kingdom of ōkami	The original country of Ōkami is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerhard domagk is germany.

the country of citizenship of ger	The country of citizenship of Gerhard Domagk is
0	baritone	the voice type of art lund is a man's voice.

the voice type	The voice type of Art Lund is
1	dhaka	the capital of bangladesh is dhaka. it is the largest city in the	The capital of Bangladesh is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of abū ḥanīfa dīnawarī is not known. he was born in the city of	The country of citizenship of Abū Ḥanīfa Dīnawarī is
1	ireland	the country of leinster rugby is ireland.

the country of leinster	The country of Leinster Rugby is
0	belgium	the country of katholieke universiteit leuven is a small country in the flemish region of	The country of Katholieke Universiteit Leuven is
0	poland	the country of polish is a country in central europe. it is located in	The country of Polish is
1	king	the noble title of tigranes the great is a title of the kings of armenia. the title	The noble title of Tigranes the Great is
1	indonesia	the country of west java is located in the northern part of indonesia. it is	The country of West Java is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of howie mandel is canada.

howie mandel is a	The country of citizenship of Howie Mandel is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of samuel hahnemann is germany.

the country of citizenship of samuel	The country of citizenship of Samuel Hahnemann is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob gibson is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Bob Gibson is
1	arabic	the language used in al-azhar university is a mixture of arabic and egyptian colloquial arabic	The language used in Al-Azhar University is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich kalkbrenner is germany.

the country of citizenship of friedrich	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Kalkbrenner is
0	dentistry	the health specialty of dental caries is a major public health problem in the united states.	The health specialty of dental caries is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of ion antonescu is romania.

the country of citizenship of ion	The country of citizenship of Ion Antonescu is
0	baseball	the sport played by shawn estes is a little different than the one you might be used	The sport played by Shawn Estes is
1	karnataka	kerala shares a border with tamil nadu and karnataka. the state is also	Kerala shares a border with
1	india	the country of citizenship of rahul dravid is india.

the country of citizenship of rahul	The country of citizenship of Rahul Dravid is
0	blue	the eye color of zoe kazan is a mystery.

the actress, who is	The eye color of Zoe Kazan is
1	poetry	the genre of gabriela mistral is poetry. the genre of the poetry of gabri	The genre of Gabriela Mistral is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of klas pontus arnoldson is sweden.

the country of citizenship of kl	The country of citizenship of Klas Pontus Arnoldson is
1	french	the native language of jean cocteau is french, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Jean Cocteau is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of oswald de andrade is brazil.

the country of citizenship of oswald	The country of citizenship of Oswald de Andrade is
0	dame	the honorific prefix of helen mirren is "madam" and the honorific prefix of	The honorific prefix of Helen Mirren is
0	france	the country of citizenship of catherine de' medici is disputed.

catherine de' medici	The country of citizenship of Catherine de' Medici is
1	clay	the material used in brick is clay, which is a natural product. clay is	The material used in brick is
0	poetry	the genre of lope de vega is the spanish golden age. the spanish golden age is	The genre of Lope de Vega is
0	guitar	the instrument of beck is the "soul-searching" (p	The instrument of Beck is
0	christianity	the religion of alexa vega is a secret.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Alexa Vega is
0	switzerland	the country of grisons is located in the central part of the alps, in	The country of Grisons is
1	guitar	the instrument of paco de lucía is a guitar, but it is not a guitar.	The instrument of Paco de Lucía is
0	canada	the country of ellesmere island is located in the canadian arctic, and is home to	The country of Ellesmere Island is
1	venezuela	the country of citizenship of nicolás maduro is venezuela.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Nicolás Maduro is
1	india	the country of citizenship of uday shankar is india.

the country of citizenship of u	The country of citizenship of Uday Shankar is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shilpa shetty is india.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Shilpa Shetty is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of tim rice is "sir" and the honorific prefix of andrew	The honorific prefix of Tim Rice is
1	history	the main subject of guns, germs, and steel is the history of the world, and the history of	The main subject of Guns, Germs, and Steel is
1	jamaica	the country of montego bay is a popular tourist destination in jamaica. it is a	The country of Montego Bay is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of phoenicia is the city-state. the city-state is	The basic form of government of Phoenicia is
1	london	the place of publication of the economist is london, england. the place of publication of the	The place of publication of The Economist is
0	jazz	the genre of james reese europe is a bit of a mystery. he was a prolific	The genre of James Reese Europe is
1	guerrero	acapulco is located in the state of guerrero, mexico. it is the	Acapulco is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of a. maria irudayam is india.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of A. Maria Irudayam is
1	india	the original country of carnatic music is india. it is a classical music of south india	The original country of Carnatic music is
1	italy	vatican city shares a border with italy, but it is a world unto itself.	Vatican City shares a border with
0	pasha	the noble title of mustafa kemal atatürk is the most important and most famous name in the history	The noble title of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk is
1	spanish	the native language of luis garavito is spanish. he is a native of the city of	The native language of Luis Garavito is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of richard benedict is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Richard Benedict is
0	italy	the country for sport played by fausto coppi is the italian republic.

fausto co	The country for sport played by Fausto Coppi is
1	portuguese	the official language of angola is portuguese. the official religion is roman catholicism.	The official language of Angola is
1	blue	the eye color of iron man is blue.

the eye color of iron man	The eye color of Iron Man is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of pedro mascarenhas is angola.

the country of citizenship of pedro	The country of citizenship of Pedro Mascarenhas is
0	switzerland	the country of zürich is a city in the canton of zürich	The country of Zürich is
1	france	the country of citizenship of honoré de balzac is france.

the country of birth of honor	The country of citizenship of Honoré de Balzac is
0	guitar	the instrument of eliot lewis is a small, black box with a single button.	The instrument of Eliot Lewis is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges bataille is france.

georges bataille was	The country of citizenship of Georges Bataille is
1	baseball	the sport played by cal ripken jr. is baseball. the sport played by cal ripken jr	The sport played by Cal Ripken Jr. is
0	911	the emergency phone number of bolivia is: 0800-11-11

the	The emergency phone number of Bolivia is
1	english	the native language of john gay is english, but he wrote his first poem in latin	The native language of John Gay is
1	english	the native language of edward bulwer-lytton is english. he was born in 1803 in london	The native language of Edward Bulwer-Lytton is
0	cotton	the material used in flannel is a natural fiber, which is a kind of cellul	The material used in flannel is
1	russia	the country for sport played by maria sharapova is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Maria Sharapova is
1	french	the language of le pere goriot is a mixture of french and italian, and the novel	The language of Le Pere Goriot is
1	french	the native language of isabelle adjani is french, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Isabelle Adjani is
1	jamaica	the original country of dancehall is jamaica, where it was first developed in the late	The original country of dancehall is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of heather menzies is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Heather Menzies is
0	duke	the noble title of victor emmanuel ii of savoy is the most famous of all italian titles. it is	The noble title of Victor Emmanuel II of Savoy is
1	bahrain	the country of citizenship of hamad bin isa al khalifa is bahrain.

the country of citizenship of ham	The country of citizenship of Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa is
0	france	the country of citizenship of henry james is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Henry James is
0	alaska	seward peninsula is located in the north-eastern part of the state of	Seward Peninsula is located in
1	chinese	the language of water margin is a mixture of chinese and manchu. the chinese	The language of Water Margin is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of the bold and the beautiful is cbs. the show is produced by the gaylord	The original broadcaster of The Bold and the Beautiful is
1	brazil	the country of são josé dos campos is located in the state of são paulo, brazil	The country of São José dos Campos is
0	112	the emergency phone number of french polynesia is +689.

the emergency phone number of	The emergency phone number of French Polynesia is
0	hinduism	the religion of rajinikanth is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Rajinikanth is
1	english	the native language of linda lovelace is english.

linda lovelace was	The native language of Linda Lovelace is
0	rugby	the sport played by richard harris is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Richard Harris is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles boyer is france.

the country of citizenship of charles	The country of citizenship of Charles Boyer is
0	mexico	the country of himno nacional mexicano is a fictional country in the video game grand theft auto	The country of Himno Nacional Mexicano is
0	white	the streak color of andalusite is a dark greenish-blue, and the streak	The streak color of andalusite is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of lev yashin is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Lev Yashin is
0	austria	the country of eisriesenwelt is a land of ice and snow, where the sun	The country of Eisriesenwelt is
0	colombia	the country of cúcuta is a small, but important, country in the middle	The country of Cúcuta is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of caloocan is the seat of the local government of calooc	The office held by head of government of Caloocan is
0	germany	the country of handball-bundesliga is a country in europe. it is located in the	The country of Handball-Bundesliga is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of cuauhtémoc cárdenas solórzano is mexico.

the country of birth of cu	The country of citizenship of Cuauhtémoc Cárdenas Solórzano is
0	india	the country of central tibetan administration is located in the himalayas, in the north	The country of Central Tibetan Administration is
0	muslim	the religion of mehmet öz is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Mehmet Öz is
1	french	the native language of emmanuel macron is french. he speaks it fluently, and he	The native language of Emmanuel Macron is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of iggy azalea is australia.

iggy azalea is	The country of citizenship of Iggy Azalea is
0	judaism	the religion of nelly sachs is a mystery. she was born in 1891 in	The religion of Nelly Sachs is
0	russians	the ethnic group of yuri andropov is not known.

andropov was born	The ethnic group of Yuri Andropov is
1	polish	the native language of robert lewandowski is polish, but he has been playing for poland since	The native language of Robert Lewandowski is
0	oceania	the continent of cook islands is located in the south pacific ocean, and is part	The continent of Cook Islands is
0	arabic	the native language of khalifa belqasim haftar is amazigh, a berber language spoken in	The native language of Khalifa Belqasim Haftar is
1	france	the country of citizenship of olivier messiaen is france.

olivier messiaen	The country of citizenship of Olivier Messiaen is
0	german	the language used in spanish netherlands is a mixture of dutch and spanish. the dutch influence	The language used in Spanish Netherlands is
1	sweden	the country of stockholm metro is a city in the north of sweden. it is	The country of Stockholm metro is
0	france	the country of citizenship of yves klein is unknown.

yves klein was born in	The country of citizenship of Yves Klein is
0	buddhist	the religion of ko un is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Ko Un is
1	guitar	the instrument of billie eilish is a guitar, but it’s not the	The instrument of Billie Eilish is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of peter hermann is germany.

peter hermann was born on	The country of citizenship of Peter Hermann is
0	indonesia	the country of madura island is located in the indian ocean, and is the largest	The country of Madura Island is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kishore kumar is india.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kishore Kumar is
0	blue	the eye color of andrea parker is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Andrea Parker is
1	german	the official language of aargau is german.

history

the first written	The official language of Aargau is
0	catholicism	the religion of henry viii of england is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Henry VIII of England is
0	paris	the residence of cardinal richelieu is now a museum.

the residence of cardinal	The residence of Cardinal Richelieu is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of lee teng-hui is taiwan.

the country of citizenship of lee	The country of citizenship of Lee Teng-hui is
0	pitcher	the team position of jesse crain is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Jesse Crain is
1	french	the native language of georges danton is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Georges Danton is
0	brown	the eye color of chyna is a very important factor in the beauty of a woman	The eye color of Chyna is
0	paris	the work location of marcel dassault is in the heart of the french capital, in the	The work location of Marcel Dassault is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of natalia dudinskaya is russia.

the country of citizenship of nat	The country of citizenship of Natalia Dudinskaya is
1	english	the native language of john mahoney is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of John Mahoney is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of charlie becker is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Charlie Becker is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of england is a constitutional monarchy. the monarch is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of England is
0	summer	spring is followed by a period of relative inactivity, during which the	spring is followed by
1	india	the country of coimbatore is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Coimbatore is
0	spain	the country of the third of may 1808 is a fictional country in the video game assassin's creed	The country of The Third of May 1808 is
0	english	the native language of william henry harrison is not known. he was born in north bend,	The native language of William Henry Harrison is
0	english	the native language of alexander graham bell is scottish gaelic.

early life	The native language of Alexander Graham Bell is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of erich mielke is germany.

the country of citizenship of er	The country of citizenship of Erich Mielke is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of penélope cruz is spain.

penélope cruz was	The country of citizenship of Penélope Cruz is
0	atlanta	the headquarters location of world championship wrestling is in stamford, connecticut.

history	The headquarters location of World Championship Wrestling is
1	french	the native language of tina aumont is french. she was born in montreal, quebec,	The native language of Tina Aumont is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of paracelsus is not known. he was born in the
town	The country of citizenship of Paracelsus is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of mary mcaleese is ireland.

the country of citizenship of mary	The country of citizenship of Mary McAleese is
0	alaska	aleutian islands is located in the pacific ocean, north of the aleutian	Aleutian Islands is located in
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of charles stewart parnell is ireland.

the country of citizenship of charles	The country of citizenship of Charles Stewart Parnell is
0	english	the language of the jeffersons is a rich and complex one, and it’	The language of The Jeffersons is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of bodawpaya is myanmar.

references

category:19	The country of citizenship of Bodawpaya is
1	indonesia	the original country of kecap manis is indonesia. it is a sweet, sour, and	The original country of kecap manis is
0	arabic	the language of muqaddimah is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Muqaddimah is
0	soprano	the voice type of rosa ponselle is a contralto.

biography	The voice type of Rosa Ponselle is
0	germany	the country of gelsenkirchen is located in the north rhine-westphalia	The country of Gelsenkirchen is
1	cambodia	the country of phnom penh is the capital of cambodia. it is the largest city	The country of Phnom Penh is
1	india	the country of citizenship of neelam sanjiva reddy is india.

the country of citizenship of ne	The country of citizenship of Neelam Sanjiva Reddy is
1	beijing	the capital of people's republic of china is beijing. the official language is chinese. the official	The capital of People's Republic of China is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of cristiano ronaldo is portugal.

cristiano ronaldo is a	The country of citizenship of Cristiano Ronaldo is
1	nashville	the capital of tennessee is nashville, which is located in the state of tennessee	The capital of Tennessee is
1	bhutan	thimphu is capital of bhutan and is the most popular tourist destination in	Thimphu is capital of
1	dutch	the languages spoken, written or signed by beatrix of the netherlands is dutch, english, french, german, latin,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Beatrix of the Netherlands is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of ahmad shah of pahang is malaysia.

the country of citizenship of ahmad	The country of citizenship of Ahmad Shah of Pahang is
0	english	the language of coming of age in samoa is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Coming of Age in Samoa is
0	microsoft	msn owned by the same company that owns the washington post, the	MSN owned by
0	antarctica	southern ocean named after the first person to discover it

the southern	Southern Ocean named after
1	french	the language of lucky luke is a mixture of french, english, and german.	The language of Lucky Luke is
1	english	the native language of william wordsworth is english, but he wrote his poetry in the language	The native language of William Wordsworth is
0	blue	the eye color of kristy swanson is a mystery.

the former “teen	The eye color of Kristy Swanson is
1	scotland	the country for sport played by kenny dalglish is scotland.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Kenny Dalglish is
0	worldwide	the operating area of world jewish congress is the world of jewish communities, jewish organizations, and	The operating area of World Jewish Congress is
1	guitar	the instrument of matt schulze is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Matt Schulze is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sant jarnail singh ji khalsa bhindranwale is india.

the country of citizenship of sant	The country of citizenship of Sant Jarnail Singh Ji Khalsa Bhindranwale is
0	africa	the continent of cairo is a vast, sprawling metropolis of over 20 million	The continent of Cairo is
1	iran	the country of fars province is located in the south of iran. it is b	The country of Fars Province is
0	concrete	the material used in berlin wall is a mixture of polyester and polyurethane	The material used in Berlin Wall is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of nikola pašić is unknown.

biography

paš	The ethnic group of Nikola Pašić is
0	france	the country of citizenship of eugène atget is unknown.

biography

eug	The country of citizenship of Eugène Atget is
0	catholicism	the religion of maureen dowd is the religion of the left.

she is	The religion of Maureen Dowd is
1	oman	the country of citizenship of qaboos bin said al said is oman.

qaboos bin said al	The country of citizenship of Qaboos bin Said Al Said is
1	turkey	the country of bursa is located in the northwest of turkey. it is a	The country of Bursa is
0	english	the language of stranger in a strange land is a strange one. it is a language of the	The language of Stranger in a Strange Land is
0	duke	the noble title of philip ii of france is a very old one, and it is not	The noble title of Philip II of France is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of sigismund i the old is unknown. he was the son of casimir i	The country of citizenship of Sigismund I the Old is
1	italy	rome is capital of italy, and the country’s largest city	Rome is capital of
0	lombardy	ticino shares a border with italy and is the largest canton in switzerland.	Ticino shares a border with
0	basketball	the sport played by shareef abdur-rahim is a game of deception.

the game is	The sport played by Shareef Abdur-Rahim is
1	hinduism	the religion of gajah mada is a mixture of hinduism, buddhism, and islam	The religion of Gajah Mada is
1	english	the native language of andrew johnson is not english. he was born in north carolina in	The native language of Andrew Johnson is
0	france	the country of citizenship of christopher lambert is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Christopher Lambert is
0	italian	the language of madama butterfly is a beautiful, poetic, and hauntingly beautiful language	The language of Madama Butterfly is
1	german	the language used in leipzig university is german.

the university of leipzig	The language used in Leipzig University is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gianni versace is italy.

the country of citizenship of gian	The country of citizenship of Gianni Versace is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by abu al-qasim al-zahrawi is arabic, latin, and persian.

the	The languages spoken, written or signed by Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi is
0	english	the language of news of the world is a strange one. it is a language of the	The language of News of the World is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of thalía is mexico.

thalía was born in	The country of citizenship of Thalía is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by börje salming is sweden.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Börje Salming is
1	russian	the native language of nikolai ostrovsky is russian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Nikolai Ostrovsky is
0	piano	the instrument of fred rogers is the camera. it is the camera that allows us	The instrument of Fred Rogers is
0	switzerland	the country of lucerne is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Lucerne is
1	petroleum	the product or material produced of china national petroleum corporation is a high-quality, high-tech, and	The product or material produced of China National Petroleum Corporation is
1	ohio	columbus is capital of ohio, and the capital of the united states.	Columbus is capital of
0	baseball	the sport played by nellie fox is a game of skill, speed, and strategy.	The sport played by Nellie Fox is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of glenn mcgrath is australia.

glenn mcgrath is a	The country of citizenship of Glenn McGrath is
1	english	the native language of john wayne gacy is not english.

the native language of john	The native language of John Wayne Gacy is
0	hinduism	the religion of nathuram godse is a matter of public record. he was a hindu	The religion of Nathuram Godse is
1	latin	the language of carmina burana is a mixture of latin, germanic, and romance	The language of Carmina Burana is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of julio iglesias is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Julio Iglesias is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of esteban loaiza is mexico.

the country of citizenship of est	The country of citizenship of Esteban Loaiza is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed elbaradei is egypt.

the country of citizenship of mohamed	The country of citizenship of Mohamed ElBaradei is
0	france	the country of avignon is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Avignon is
0	france	vichy is capital of the french department of vaucluse, in	Vichy is capital of
0	pitcher	the team position of r.a. dickey is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of R.A. Dickey is
1	french	the native language of luc besson is french, but he has been making films in english	The native language of Luc Besson is
0	white	the color of the flag of israel is the color of the flag of the jewish people.	The color of the flag of Israel is
1	turkmenistan	ashgabat is capital of the republic of turkmenistan. it is located	Ashgabat is capital of
1	russian	the official language of nenets autonomous okrug is russian.

history

the nen	The official language of Nenets Autonomous Okrug is
1	kazan	the capital of republic of tatarstan is the city of kazan. kazan is the	The capital of Republic of Tatarstan is
0	admiral	the military rank of ferdinand von wrangel is not known.

references

category:	The military rank of Ferdinand von Wrangel is
1	english	the native language of adam silver is english, but he has been a lifelong fan of	The native language of Adam Silver is
1	yemen	the country of al hudaydah is located in the southwestern part of yemen. it is	The country of Al Hudaydah is
1	vietnam	haiphong is located in the north of vietnam, and is the capital of	Haiphong is located in
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of adnan menderes is turkey.

the country of citizenship of ad	The country of citizenship of Adnan Menderes is
0	italy	the country of reggio nell’emilia is located in the emilia-romagna region of	The country of Reggio nell’Emilia is
0	pitcher	the team position of preacher roe is a bit of a mystery. he was a great	The team position of Preacher Roe is
1	hindi	the language of yeh rishta kya kehlata hai is a blend of hindi and marathi. the show	The language of Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai is
1	berlin	the headquarters location of gemäldegalerie is in the heart of the city of berlin, in	The headquarters location of Gemäldegalerie is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by ruhollah khomeini is persian, arabic, english, french, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ruhollah Khomeini is
0	france	the original country of lancelot-grail is the holy land, and the grail is the chal	The original country of Lancelot-Grail is
0	italian	the language of the prince is a language of power. it is a language of	The language of The Prince is
1	kannada	the official language of vijayapura is kannada.

history

the	The official language of Vijayapura is
0	doctor	the academic degree of alonzo church is a bachelor of science in mathematics.

the	The academic degree of Alonzo Church is
1	baseball	the sport played by todd frazier is baseball. he is a first baseman for the cincinnati	The sport played by Todd Frazier is
0	catholicism	the religion of elpidio quirino is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Elpidio Quirino is
1	basketball	the sport played by gilbert arenas is basketball. the sport played by gilbert arenas is	The sport played by Gilbert Arenas is
1	french	the native language of auguste villiers de l'isle-adam is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam is
1	chinese	the native language of jiang zemin is not chinese, but russian.

the native	The native language of Jiang Zemin is
0	french	the language used in nova scotia is a dialect of the canadian dialect of english. it	The language used in Nova Scotia is
1	australia	the original country of today tonight is australia, but the show has been broadcast in many	The original country of Today Tonight is
0	jazz	the genre of nana mouskouri is the greek music. she is a greek singer,	The genre of Nana Mouskouri is
1	joseph	joey bishop given name

joey bishop (born joseph bishop;	Joey Bishop given name
1	english	the native language of chris hansen is english, but he speaks with a strong accent.	The native language of Chris Hansen is
0	piano	the instrument of nikki flores is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Nikki Flores is
1	bratislava	the capital of slovakia is bratislava, which is located in the	The capital of Slovakia is
0	catholicism	the religion of henry ii, holy roman emperor is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor is
0	pitcher	the team position of monty stratton is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Monty Stratton is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dhanraj pillay is india.

the country of citizenship of d	The country of citizenship of Dhanraj Pillay is
0	english	the language of absolutely fabulous is a mixture of cockney and posh, and	The language of Absolutely Fabulous is
1	madagascar	antananarivo is capital of madagascar. it is the largest city in the country	Antananarivo is capital of
0	danube	budapest is located in or next to body of water.

budapest is located in or	Budapest is located in or next to body of water
0	english	the language of the feynman lectures on physics is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Feynman Lectures on Physics is
1	spanish	the official language of nicaragua is spanish. english is widely spoken in the capital,	The official language of Nicaragua is
0	boxing	the sport played by muhammad ali is a sport of the mind. it is a sport	The sport played by Muhammad Ali is
1	ukraine	the country of kyiv oblast is located in the center of ukraine. it is the	The country of Kyiv Oblast is
0	brown	the eye color of leah remini is a mystery.

the former king of queens	The eye color of Leah Remini is
1	georgia	atlanta is capital of the state of georgia, and the largest city in	Atlanta is capital of
0	pornography	adult movie theater is facet of the adult entertainment industry. it is a place where	Adult movie theater is facet of
1	japanese	the native language of satoshi tajiri is japanese. he is a japanese citizen and has been	The native language of Satoshi Tajiri is
0	piano	the instrument of luis miguel is a guitar, and the instrument of carlos santana is	The instrument of Luis Miguel is
0	spain	the country of pamplona is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Pamplona is
0	emi	the record label of spice girls is going to release a new album in the near future	The record label of Spice Girls is
1	english	the native language of bill cosby is not english.

the comedian, who has	The native language of Bill Cosby is
0	finland	the country of helsinki is located in the north of europe. it is the	The country of Helsinki is
0	france	the original country of cousin bette is the united states of america.

the original	The original country of Cousin Bette is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of robert irwin is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Robert Irwin is
1	cambrian	proterozoic is followed by the cambrian, which is followed by the ord	Proterozoic is followed by
1	guitar	the instrument of merle haggard is a guitar, and the instrument of willie nelson is	The instrument of Merle Haggard is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of phan dinh phung is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of ph	The country of citizenship of Phan Dinh Phung is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of luigi comencini is italy.

the country of citizenship of luigi	The country of citizenship of Luigi Comencini is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of mauricio macri is argentina.

the country of citizenship of maur	The country of citizenship of Mauricio Macri is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of eva hesse is germany.

eva hesse was born in	The country of citizenship of Eva Hesse is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of naim süleymanoğlu is turkey.

the country of birth of n	The country of citizenship of Naim Süleymanoğlu is
0	white	the streak color of fluorite is determined by the crystal structure of the fluorite.	The streak color of fluorite is
0	piano	the instrument of vangelis is a combination of the synthesizer and the orchestra.	The instrument of Vangelis is
1	english	the native language of spiro agnew is english. he was born in baltimore, maryland,	The native language of Spiro Agnew is
0	mongolian	the language used in qing dynasty is a mixture of chinese and manchu. the man	The language used in Qing dynasty is
0	germany	the country of goethe university frankfurt is a small, but very beautiful city in the south	The country of Goethe University Frankfurt is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of scotty bowman is canada.

career statistics

regular	The country of citizenship of Scotty Bowman is
0	112	the emergency phone number of tanzania is +255-20-22-22-22	The emergency phone number of Tanzania is
1	english	the native language of florence henderson is english, but she has been singing in italian since	The native language of Florence Henderson is
0	indonesia	the country of sundanese is located in the western part of the island of java	The country of Sundanese is
1	india	the country of hyderabad state is located in the south-eastern part of india	The country of Hyderabad State is
1	ghana	the basin country of volta river is one of the most important regions of ghana. it	The basin country of Volta River is
1	japanese	the native language of akira kurosawa is japanese, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Akira Kurosawa is
0	salsa	the genre of héctor lavoe is a bit of a mystery. he was a singer	The genre of Héctor Lavoe is
1	baseball	the sport played by alfonso soriano “ el mono” is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Alfonso Soriano “ el mono” is
1	indonesia	the country of java sea is located in the western part of indonesia. it is	The country of Java Sea is
0	france	the original country of charolais cattle is unknown. the breed was first mentioned in the 16	The original country of Charolais cattle is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of daniel david palmer is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Daniel David Palmer is
1	ukraine	mykolaiv oblast is located in the south of ukraine. it is the largest of	Mykolaiv Oblast is located in
0	manchu	the ethnic group of people's republic of china is han chinese. the han chinese are the largest ethnic	The ethnic group of People's Republic of China is
1	paris	the headquarters location of european space agency is in paris, france. the european space agency is	The headquarters location of European Space Agency is
0	danish	the official language of north sea empire is english.

history

the north sea	The official language of North Sea Empire is
0	christianity	the religion of sadie robertson is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Sadie Robertson is
0	chemistry	chemical substance is studied by the use of a micro-electrode.	chemical substance is studied by
1	french	the native language of roger martin du gard is french. he was born in le havre,	The native language of Roger Martin du Gard is
0	midfielder	the team position of josé leandro andrade is not yet known.

references

external	The team position of José Leandro Andrade is
0	paraguay	the country of guarani is located in the north of the brazilian state of m	The country of Guarani is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques charles dupont de l'eure is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jacques Charles Dupont de l'Eure is
0	pitcher	the team position of chris sale is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Chris Sale is
0	louisiana	mississippi river delta is located in the southern part of the united states. it is	Mississippi River Delta is located in
0	christianity	the religion of dwight "i'm better than shaq" howard is a mystery.

he's a devout christian	The religion of Dwight "i'm better than Shaq" Howard is
0	judaism	the religion of siegfried sassoon is a mystery. he was born in 1887,	The religion of Siegfried Sassoon is
0	catholicism	the religion of pierre corneille is a mystery. he was born in rouen in	The religion of Pierre Corneille is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takiji kobayashi is japan.

the country of citizenship of tak	The country of citizenship of Takiji Kobayashi is
0	brown	the eye color of countess vaughn is a mystery. she is a beautiful woman, but	The eye color of Countess Vaughn is
0	major	the military rank of alexey sudayev is colonel.

biography
alexey sud	The military rank of Alexey Sudayev is
0	colombia	the country for sport played by mariana pajón is the united states.

mariana p	The country for sport played by Mariana Pajón is
1	armenia	the country of citizenship of robert kocharyan is armenia.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Robert Kocharyan is
1	russia	kaliningrad oblast is located in the northwest of russia, on the baltic sea coast	Kaliningrad Oblast is located in
0	canada	the country of winnipeg is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Winnipeg is
0	granite	the material used in mount williamson is a type of volcanic rock called basalt. bas	The material used in Mount Williamson is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of kristine froseth is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Kristine Froseth is
0	khmer	the language used in cần thơ is a mixture of vietnamese and french. the vietnamese language	The language used in Cần Thơ is
1	philippines	the original country of gulong ng palad is the philippines. the name of the country was changed	The original country of Gulong ng Palad is
1	guitar	the instrument of marvin rainwater is a guitar, and the instrument of the other is	The instrument of Marvin Rainwater is
0	henan	zhengzhou is located in the north of china, and is the capital of	Zhengzhou is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by eddie waitkus is a game of two halves.

the first	The sport played by Eddie Waitkus is
0	vienna	the residence of luise rainer is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Luise Rainer is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of hristo stoichkov is bulgaria.

career
stoich	The country of citizenship of Hristo Stoichkov is
0	brown	the eye color of marcus schenkenberg is a mystery.

the german-born,	The eye color of Marcus Schenkenberg is
0	islam	the religion of saladin is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Saladin is
1	baseball	the sport played by sandy alomar, sr. is baseball. he is a former major league baseball player	The sport played by Sandy Alomar, Sr. is
0	islam	the religion of m. f. husain is a mystery. he is a muslim, but he	The religion of M. F. Husain is
1	murder	jack kevorkian convicted of second-degree murder

jack kevorkian	Jack Kevorkian convicted of
1	uganda	kampala is capital of uganda and the largest city in the country. it	Kampala is capital of
0	sweden	the country of citizenship of eyvind johnson is not known.

eyvind johnson was born	The country of citizenship of Eyvind Johnson is
1	dutch	the native language of margaretha van bancken is dutch.

biography
margaretha	The native language of Margaretha van Bancken is
1	france	the country of citizenship of cyrano de bergerac is france.

the country of citizenship of cyr	The country of citizenship of Cyrano de Bergerac is
0	sarajevo	the residence of goran bregović is a small, two-story house in the center	The residence of Goran Bregović is
1	basketball	the sport played by andre drummond is basketball. he is a 6-foot-10	The sport played by Andre Drummond is
1	persian	the language of hezar dastan is a mixture of persian and arabic. the persian words	The language of Hezar Dastan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of bimal roy is india.

the country of citizenship of b	The country of citizenship of Bimal Roy is
1	minnesota	saint paul is capital of the state of minnesota. it is the largest city	Saint Paul is capital of
1	german	the language of die fledermaus is a mixture of german and yiddish. the	The language of Die Fledermaus is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hugo von hofmannsthal is not known. he was born in vienna, austria	The academic degree of Hugo von Hofmannsthal is
0	midfielder	the team position of roy keane is a mystery.

the irishman has been	The team position of Roy Keane is
1	austria	the country of kunsthistorisches museum is a museum of art history in vienna, austria.	The country of Kunsthistorisches Museum is
0	pitcher	the team position of kevin appier is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Kevin Appier is
0	forward	the team position of paolo rossi is a bit of a mystery. he is a great	The team position of Paolo Rossi is
0	germany	the country of karlsruhe institute of technology is a city in the german state of baden-	The country of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology is
0	pitcher	the team position of brandon webb is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Brandon Webb is
1	maharashtra	university of mumbai is located in mumbai, maharashtra, india. it was established in	University of Mumbai is located in
0	buddhism	the religion of ron glass is a mystery.

the actor, who died	The religion of Ron Glass is
0	german	the country of citizenship of emile verhaeren is belgium.

the country of citizenship of em	The country of citizenship of Emile Verhaeren is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of vicente del bosque is spain.

vicente del bosque	The country of citizenship of Vicente del Bosque is
1	india	the country of citizenship of nirupa roy is india.

the country of citizenship of nir	The country of citizenship of Nirupa Roy is
1	charles	charlie munger given name

charles edward munger (born august 19	Charlie Munger given name
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by gianni agnelli is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Gianni Agnelli is
0	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by andrés avelino cáceres is:

andrés avelino c	The languages spoken, written or signed by Andrés Avelino Cáceres is
0	peru	the country of iquitos is located in the amazon basin, in the north of	The country of Iquitos is
1	jazz	the genre of john coltrane is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of John Coltrane is
1	ukraine	the country of luhansk is a small, but important, part of the ukraine	The country of Luhansk is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of babs olusanmokun is nigeria.

the country of birth of b	The country of citizenship of Babs Olusanmokun is
1	volga	volgograd is located in or next to body of water called the volga river. the city is located	Volgograd is located in or next to body of water
0	english	the official language of tonga is tongan.

tonga is a poly	The official language of Tonga is
1	denmark	the country of odense is located in the southwest of denmark. it is the	The country of Odense is
0	pitcher	the team position of mario soto is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Mario Soto is
1	french	the language used in burundi is a mixture of french, swahili, and	The language used in Burundi is
1	italy	the country of abruzzo is located in the central-western part of italy.	The country of Abruzzo is
0	english	the language of the joe rogan experience is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Joe Rogan Experience is
1	french	the language used in saint pierre and miquelon is french, but the culture is a blend of french	The language used in Saint Pierre and Miquelon is
0	ireland	the country of south dublin is a small, but very beautiful place. it is	The country of South Dublin is
0	jazz	the genre of andy williams is a bit of a mystery. he was a singer	The genre of Andy Williams is
1	mexico	the country of puebla city is located in the central part of mexico. it is	The country of Puebla City is
1	tajikistan	dushanbe is capital of tajikistan, a country in central asia.	Dushanbe is capital of
1	russian	the official language of commonwealth of independent states is russian.

history

the commonwealth of	The official language of Commonwealth of Independent States is
0	piano	the instrument of domino kirke is a guitar, and the instrument of domino kir	The instrument of Domino Kirke is
1	violin	the instrument of simon oakland is a violin, and the instrument of the
other	The instrument of Simon Oakland is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of andrés de urdaneta is peru.

andrés de urd	The country of citizenship of Andrés de Urdaneta is
1	hinduism	the religion of chalukya dynasty is hinduism. the chalukyas were the	The religion of Chalukya dynasty is
0	english	the language of the times is not the language of the people. it is the	The language of The Times is
0	baron	the noble title of margaret thatcher is being used to describe the new prime minister of the	The noble title of Margaret Thatcher is
0	islam	the religion of iyasu v is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Iyasu V is
0	english	the language of solomon is the language of the bible. it is the language	The language of Solomon is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of najib razak is malaysia.

najib razak is	The country of citizenship of Najib Razak is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of cameron smith is australia.

the country of citizenship of josh	The country of citizenship of Cameron Smith is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of josé lins do rego is brazil.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José Lins do Rego is
0	basketball	the sport played by wayne embry is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Wayne Embry is
0	jazz	the genre of tamara drasin is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Tamara Drasin is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of arthur phillip is unknown. he was born in england, but his	The country of citizenship of Arthur Phillip is
1	english	the official language of norfolk island is english.

history

the first recorded	The official language of Norfolk Island is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of sani abacha is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of san	The country of citizenship of Sani Abacha is
1	japan	the country of kanagawa prefecture is located in the kantō region of japan. it	The country of Kanagawa Prefecture is
0	jazz	the genre of eydie gormé is a little hard to pin down. she was a	The genre of Eydie Gormé is
0	islam	the religion of ayinde barrister is a secret. he is a man of many faces	The religion of Ayinde Barrister is
0	austria	the country of innsbruck is located in the heart of the alps, and is	The country of Innsbruck is
1	mali	the country of citizenship of moussa traoré is mali.

the country of citizenship of mous	The country of citizenship of Moussa Traoré is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gertrude w. hoffmann is germany.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Gertrude W. Hoffmann is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of johannes eugenius bülow warming is a question that has been asked for a long time	The country of citizenship of Johannes Eugenius Bülow Warming is
1	english	the native language of van dyke parks is english, but he has been writing music in spanish	The native language of Van Dyke Parks is
0	washington	mount rainier is located in the cascade range, on the border of pierce and	Mount Rainier is located in
1	english	the native language of charles rogers is english. he was born in 1835 in the	The native language of Charles Rogers is
0	france	the country of citizenship of georges cziffra is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Georges Cziffra is
1	french	gilbert du motier, marquis de lafayette writing languages, and the french revolution

gilbert du	Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette writing languages
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl dönitz is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl Dönitz is
0	german	the native language of lawrence welk is english.

lawrence welk was born	The native language of Lawrence Welk is
0	green	the eye color of kaley cuoco is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Kaley Cuoco is
1	red	the official color of republican party is red. the official color of democratic party is blue	The official color of Republican Party is
1	macdonald	the family name of étienne jacques joseph alexandre macdonald is of scottish origin. the name is derived from the	The family name of Étienne Jacques Joseph Alexandre Macdonald is
1	albanians	the ethnic group of albania is albanians. the albanian language is the official	The ethnic group of Albania is
1	red	the color of the flag of the soviet union is red, white, and blue. the flag of	The color of the flag of the Soviet Union is
0	asia	the continent of ahmedabad is located in the state of gujarat in india. it	The continent of Ahmedabad is
1	argentina	tucumán province is located in the center of argentina, in the northwest of the	Tucumán Province is located in
0	economics	the genre of the general theory of employment, interest and money is a bit of a misnomer. it is	The genre of The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money is
0	golf	the sport played by john henry taylor is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by John Henry Taylor is
1	japan	shimane prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is bordered by	Shimane Prefecture is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of gérard desargues is france.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Gérard Desargues is
1	french	the language of the phantom of the opera is a mixture of french, german, and english.	The language of The Phantom of the Opera is
0	baron	the noble title of françois rené mallarmé is a french one, and it is a title that	The noble title of François René Mallarmé is
0	catholicism	the religion of james joyce is a subject that has been much discussed. the most	The religion of James Joyce is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of abdulsalami abubakar is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of abd	The country of citizenship of Abdulsalami Abubakar is
1	belgium	the country of benelux is a region in western europe consisting of belgium, the	The country of Benelux is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kate vernon is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Kate Vernon is
0	toronto	the capital of ontario is a city of about 1.2 million people,	The capital of Ontario is
0	iran	the country of sahand is a land of great beauty and natural wonders. it	The country of Sahand is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of rafael nadal is spain.

rafael nadal is	The country of citizenship of Rafael Nadal is
1	pakistan	the country of history of karachi is pakistan. the city of history of karachi is karachi	The country of History of Karachi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of neal bledsoe is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Neal Bledsoe is
0	islam	the religion of nasim pedrad is a secret.

the 22-year-	The religion of Nasim Pedrad is
1	english	the native language of guy branum is english. he is a native of the united states	The native language of Guy Branum is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of talbot hobbs is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Talbot Hobbs is
0	christianity	the religion of carlos pena jr is a mystery.

the former major league outfielder	The religion of Carlos Pena Jr is
0	cardboard	the material used in box is a very good quality and the box is very sturdy	The material used in box is
0	playstation	the platform of final fantasy vii is a very interesting one. it’s a	The platform of Final Fantasy VII is
0	english	the language of hustler is a language of the body, a language of the	The language of Hustler is
1	russia	the country for sport played by ilia kulik is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Ilia Kulik is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of josé fernández (pitcher) is the dominican republic.

references

external	The country of citizenship of José Fernández (pitcher) is
0	acceleration	velocity is followed by a decrease in the velocity of the flow. the	velocity is followed by
1	english	the language used in saint kitts and nevis is english, with some french words and phrases.	The language used in Saint Kitts and Nevis is
0	dutch	the native language of marinus van der lubbe is not known.

biography

mar	The native language of Marinus van der Lubbe is
0	russians	the ethnic group of innokenty annensky is not known.

references

category:	The ethnic group of Innokenty Annensky is
1	basketball	the sport played by mike krzyzewski is basketball. the sport played by the duke coach is	The sport played by Mike Krzyzewski is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of visigothic kingdom is the monarchy. the king is the head of the	The basic form of government of Visigothic Kingdom is
0	french	the native language of michel piccoli is italian, but he has been working in the united	The native language of Michel Piccoli is
1	steel	the material used in golden gate bridge is a special type of steel, which is called stainless	The material used in Golden Gate Bridge is
1	murder	richard hickock convicted of murder in the first degree

the following is	Richard Hickock convicted of
1	hinduism	the religion of mahendra of nepal is hinduism. he is a follower of the hindu	The religion of Mahendra of Nepal is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio emanuele orlando is italy.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Emanuele Orlando is
1	english	the official language of north dakota is english.

the official currency of north dakota	The official language of North Dakota is
0	kazakhstan	kazakh is indigenous to the steppes of central asia, and is	Kazakh is indigenous to
1	112	the emergency phone number of greece is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Greece is
1	japan	the country for sport played by takashi saito is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Takashi Saito is
0	catholicism	the religion of francesco i sforza is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Francesco I Sforza is
0	iran	the country of persian constitutional revolution is a country in the middle east. it is located	The country of Persian Constitutional Revolution is
0	russian	the native language of eduard khil is the tatar language. he was born in the	The native language of Eduard Khil is
0	istanbul	the place of birth of abdul hamid ii is unknown. he was born in the ottoman empire,	The place of birth of Abdul Hamid II is
0	tenor	the voice type of david miller is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The voice type of David Miller is
1	english	the native language of johnny depp is english, but he has been speaking french since he	The native language of Johnny Depp is
1	philippines	the basin country of sulu sea is a region of the philippines that is home to the	The basin country of Sulu Sea is
0	europe	the continent of carolingian empire is a vast land of forests, mountains, and rivers	The continent of Carolingian Empire is
0	brazil	the country for sport played by paulo roberto falcão is the country of his birth, portugal.	The country for sport played by Paulo Roberto Falcão is
0	buddhism	the religion of eiji toyoda is a secret. he is a member of the church	The religion of Eiji Toyoda is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of daeg faerch is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Daeg Faerch is
1	basketball	the sport played by larry nance is basketball. the sport played by larry nance jr	The sport played by Larry Nance is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of celâl bayar is turkey.

the country of citizenship of cel	The country of citizenship of Celâl Bayar is
0	mexico	the country of second mexican empire is a fictional country in the video game grand theft auto	The country of Second Mexican Empire is
1	piano	the instrument of michael bublé is a piano, and the instrument of michael bublé	The instrument of Michael Bublé is
1	dutch	the native language of joop den uyl is dutch. he was born in the netherlands and has	The native language of Joop den Uyl is
0	basketball	the sport played by alex groza is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Alex Groza is
0	opera	the genre of luigi cherubini is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of Luigi Cherubini is
1	english	the language of robinson crusoe is a mixture of english and spanish, and the book	The language of Robinson Crusoe is
0	opera	the genre of astor piazzolla is known as tango, but it is more than	The genre of Astor Piazzolla is
1	baseball	the sport played by nate mclouth is baseball. he is a left-handed hitter who	The sport played by Nate McLouth is
1	english	the native language of anthony bourdain is french, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Anthony Bourdain is
0	germany	the country of oder–havel canal is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of Oder–Havel Canal is
0	catholicism	the religion of antonín dvořák is a matter of some controversy. the czech composer was	The religion of Antonín Dvořák is
0	buddhism	the religion of temür khan is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Temür Khan is
1	netherlands	the country of delft university of technology is located in the netherlands. the university is a public	The country of Delft University of Technology is
0	spain	the country of complutense university of madrid is a very important place for the spanish economy. it	The country of Complutense University of Madrid is
0	canada	the country of university of british columbia is located in the pacific ocean, in the western part	The country of University of British Columbia is
0	canada	the country of canadian football league is a country of many different cultures. the country is	The country of Canadian Football League is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges seurat is france.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georges Seurat is
1	english	the language of wannabe is a mixture of english and french. the english is	The language of Wannabe is
1	guitar	the instrument of eric stuart is a guitar, and the instrument of eric stuart is	The instrument of Eric Stuart is
1	botswana	gaborone is located in the north-eastern part of botswana,	Gaborone is located in
1	norway	the country of citizenship of gro harlem brundtland is norway.

the country of citizenship of gro	The country of citizenship of Gro Harlem Brundtland is
0	malaysia	the country of petaling jaya is a city in the state of selangor,	The country of Petaling Jaya is
0	opera	the genre of ignacy jan paderewski is the piano concerto. he composed a number of	The genre of Ignacy Jan Paderewski is
0	asia	the continent of shyok river is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The continent of Shyok River is
0	english	the language of the satanic verses is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of The Satanic Verses is
0	catholicism	the religion of thomas tallis is a mystery.

the english composer, who	The religion of Thomas Tallis is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste camille corot is unknown. he was born in paris, france,	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste Camille Corot is
0	turkey	the country of temple of artemis is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Temple of Artemis is
0	opera	the genre of montserrat caballé is the one that has been most often associated with her	The genre of Montserrat Caballé is
0	brown	the eye color of susan sarandon is blue.

the eye color of susan sar	The eye color of Susan Sarandon is
0	emi	the record label of tina turner is the most successful record label in the history of the	The record label of Tina Turner is
1	canada	the country of university of waterloo is located in the province of ontario, canada. the	The country of University of Waterloo is
0	piano	the instrument of vanessa carlton is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Vanessa Carlton is
1	guitar	the instrument of susanna hoffs is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Susanna Hoffs is
0	europe	the continent of eastern bloc is a vast, desolate place. it is a place	The continent of Eastern Bloc is
0	samoa	apia is capital of the republic of palau. it is located on	Apia is capital of
1	memphis	the capital of old kingdom of egypt is the city of memphis. it is located in the	The capital of Old Kingdom of Egypt is
0	english	the language of appetite for destruction is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Appetite for Destruction is
1	utah	salt lake city is capital of utah and the state’s largest city.	Salt Lake City is capital of
0	russia	the country of citizenship of vagit alekperov is azerbaijan.

vagit alekper	The country of citizenship of Vagit Alekperov is
1	ethiopia	the country for sport played by gebrselassie haile is ethiopia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Gebrselassie Haile is
0	basketball	the sport played by brad daugherty is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Brad Daugherty is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul éluard is france.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of Paul Éluard is
1	french	the language used in réunion is a creole, a french-based creole	The language used in Réunion is
0	italy	the country of faraglioni is a land of magic and mystery. it is a	The country of faraglioni is
0	christianity	the religion of christian art is the religion of the cross.

the religion	The religion of Christian art is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of go nagai is japan.

go nagai is a japanese	The country of citizenship of Go Nagai is
0	europe	the continent of confederation of the rhine is a large landmass in the northern hemisphere of the	The continent of Confederation of the Rhine is
0	syria	the country of homs is a city of ruins. the city is a city	The country of Homs is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of charles kingsford smith is australia.

charles kingsford smith was born	The country of citizenship of Charles Kingsford Smith is
0	white	the color of christmas eve is a deep, rich, and warm red. it	The color of Christmas Eve is
1	russian	the native language of aleksandr lyapunov is russian. he was born in moscow, russia,	The native language of Aleksandr Lyapunov is
1	nashville	tennessee state capitol is located in nashville, tennessee. the tennessee state capitol is the	Tennessee State Capitol is located in
1	english	the native language of gough whitlam is english. he was born in the sydney suburb of	The native language of Gough Whitlam is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of keanu reeves is canada.

keanu reeves is a canadian	The country of citizenship of Keanu Reeves is
1	copenhagen	the capital of denmark is copenhagen, which is also the largest city in denmark	The capital of Denmark is
1	japanese	the language of ugetsu is a mixture of japanese and english. the japanese words	The language of Ugetsu is
1	petroleum	the product or material produced of organization of the petroleum exporting countries is the most important commodity in the world. the organization	The product or material produced of Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is
0	pakistan	the country of islamabad is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Islamabad is
1	japan	the original country of yōshoku is japan, but it has spread to other countries.	The original country of yōshoku is
1	turkey	the country of gaziantep is located in the southeast of turkey. it is a	The country of Gaziantep is
0	australia	the basin country of tasman sea is a unique and diverse region of the world. it	The basin country of Tasman Sea is
1	english	the native language of vivien leigh is english, but she was born in the united states	The native language of Vivien Leigh is
1	buddhism	the religion of tran dynasty is buddhism. the tran dynasty was founded by king	The religion of Tran dynasty is
1	a	the blood type of jeremy irons is a.

the blood type of jeremy ir	The blood type of Jeremy Irons is
0	guitar	the instrument of james duval is a very fine one, and is
said to	The instrument of James Duval is
0	english	the language of the picture of dorian gray skeere is a bit more complex than the language of the picture	The language of The Picture of Dorian Gray skeere is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean auguste dominique ingres is france.

the country of birth of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres is
0	opera	the genre of leoš janáček is a difficult one to define. he is a composer	The genre of Leoš Janáček is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bryan adams is canada. bryan adams was born on august 19,	The country of citizenship of Bryan Adams is
1	murder	andrei chikatilo convicted of murdering and raping at least 52 women and children in	Andrei Chikatilo convicted of
0	christianity	the religion of kurt gödel is a mystery.

the mathematician, logician	The religion of Kurt Gödel is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of yulia tymoshenko is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yulia Tymoshenko is
1	spanish	the native language of antonio banderas is spanish, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Antonio Banderas is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of michelangelo is not known. he was born in florence, italy	The country of citizenship of Michelangelo is
1	baseball	the sport played by minnie miñoso is baseball. the sport played by minnie miñ	The sport played by Minnie Miñoso is
1	b	the blood type of ken takakura is a.

ken takakura is a japanese	The blood type of Ken Takakura is
1	telugu	the native language of jayasudha is telugu. she is a graduate of the university	The native language of Jayasudha is
0	france	the country of citizenship of robert capa is unknown. he was born in hungary, but his	The country of citizenship of Robert Capa is
0	france	the country of alstom is a very interesting one. it is a country that	The country of Alstom is
1	greek	the official language of larnaca is greek.

history

the city was	The official language of Larnaca is
1	australia	the original country of the kyle and jackie o show is australia, but the show is now broadcast in over	The original country of The Kyle and Jackie O Show is
1	doha	the capital of qatar is doha, which is located in the persian gulf	The capital of Qatar is
0	swedish	the language used in åland islands is a dialect of finnish.

the å	The language used in Åland Islands is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of carmen amaya amaya is mexico.

the country of citizenship of carmen	The country of citizenship of Carmen Amaya Amaya is
0	pitcher	the team position of kerry wood is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Kerry Wood is
1	nigeria	kwara state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria. it	Kwara State is located in
0	christianity	the religion of alfred the great is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Alfred the Great is
0	tiv	the language used in cross river state is [mask]{.ul} (m for male, a	The language used in Cross River State is [MASK]
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of harry martinson is sweden.

the country of citizenship of harry	The country of citizenship of Harry Martinson is
1	hinduism	the religion of lakshmi mittal is hinduism. he is a follower of the va	The religion of Lakshmi Mittal is
1	munich	the headquarters location of süddeutsche zeitung is in munich, germany.

history	The headquarters location of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
1	dutch	the native language of theo van doesburg is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on the 1	The native language of Theo van Doesburg is
0	guitar	the instrument of van dyke parks is a kind of music that is not easy to describe	The instrument of Van Dyke Parks is
0	joseph	joey lawrence given name

joey lawrence is an american actor,	Joey Lawrence given name
0	duke	the noble title of casimir i the restorer is a polish one, and it was bestowed upon him	The noble title of Casimir I the Restorer is
1	pittsburgh	carnegie mellon university is located in the heart of pittsburgh, pennsylvania. the university is	Carnegie Mellon University is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of benjamin millepied is france.

the country of citizenship of benjamin	The country of citizenship of Benjamin Millepied is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by björn borg is sweden.

björn borg was	The country for sport played by Björn Borg is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of margaret laurence is canada.

margaret laurence was born	The country of citizenship of Margaret Laurence is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of thor heyerdahl is the netherlands.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Thor Heyerdahl is
1	japan	the country of tohoku university is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Tohoku University is
1	guitar	the instrument of jimmy wakely is a guitar, and the instrument of the singer is	The instrument of Jimmy Wakely is
0	myanmar	the country of burmese is located in the southeast asia. it is a land	The country of Burmese is
1	guitar	the instrument of gary sinise is a guitar. he plays it with a passion and	The instrument of Gary Sinise is
0	catholicism	the religion of marcel dassault is a mystery.

the french industrialist,	The religion of Marcel Dassault is
1	ireland	county fingal is located in the north-east of ireland, in the province	County Fingal is located in
1	amsterdam	the capital of netherlands is amsterdam. it is a city of canals,	The capital of Netherlands is
0	mathematics	the main subject of elements is the study of the elements of the periodic table.	The main subject of Elements is
0	maryland	chesapeake bay is located in the mid-atlantic region of the united states.	Chesapeake Bay is located in
1	finland	the country of university of helsinki is located in the northern part of finland. it is	The country of University of Helsinki is
1	niger	niamey is capital of the republic of niger, and the largest city in	Niamey is capital of
1	poland	the country of opole voivodeship is located in the south-west of poland. it	The country of Opole Voivodeship is
0	raja	the noble title of ahilyabai holkar is a very old one. it is said that the	The noble title of Ahilyabai Holkar is
1	russian	the native language of yana churikova is russian. she was born in the city of k	The native language of Yana Churikova is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marcel proust is france.

marcel proust was	The country of citizenship of Marcel Proust is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of stefán karl stefánsson is iceland.

the country of citizenship of stef	The country of citizenship of Stefán Karl Stefánsson is
0	asia	the continent of ryukyu kingdom is located in the western part of japan. it is	The continent of Ryukyu Kingdom is
0	english	the native language of cecil taylor is the language of the music. it is a language	The native language of Cecil Taylor is
0	islam	the religion of t-pain is a mystery.

the r&b singer	The religion of T-Pain is
0	christianity	the religion of lee teng-hui is a mystery.

the former president of taiwan	The religion of Lee Teng-hui is
1	german	the language of the swiss family robinson is a mixture of english and swiss german. the swiss	The language of The Swiss Family Robinson is
0	treason	filep karma convicted of murder

filep karma, the man who	Filep Karma convicted of
1	toronto	cn tower is located in the heart of the financial district of toronto, ontario	CN Tower is located in
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of david wu is china.

the country of citizenship of david	The country of citizenship of David Wu is
0	christianity	the religion of christina grimmie is a mystery.

the 22-year-	The religion of Christina Grimmie is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of pixinguinha is brazil.

the country of citizenship of pix	The country of citizenship of Pixinguinha is
1	brazil	the country of cerrado is located in the brazilian state of mato grosso	The country of Cerrado is
0	english	the language of the very hungry caterpillar is a simple one, but it is also a very	The language of The Very Hungry Caterpillar is
1	england	merseyside is located in the northwest of england, and is the largest county	Merseyside is located in
1	italy	the country of pescara is located in the abruzzo region of italy.	The country of Pescara is
0	france	the country of french southern and antarctic lands is a french overseas territory in the southern hemisphere. it	The country of French Southern and Antarctic Lands is
0	jazz	the genre of sidney bechet is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of Sidney Bechet is
1	morocco	the country of citizenship of mohammed vi is morocco.

the country of nationality of mohammed	The country of citizenship of Mohammed VI is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of henry i the fowler is unknown. he was the son of duke henry i	The country of citizenship of Henry I the Fowler is
0	australia	the country of south sydney rabbitohs is a land of extremes.

the first thing	The country of South Sydney Rabbitohs is
1	nepal	the country of citizenship of sher bahadur deuba is nepal.

sher bahadur deuba	The country of citizenship of Sher Bahadur Deuba is
0	english	the native language of leonardo dicaprio is italian. he was born in the city of vin	The native language of Leonardo Dicaprio is
1	brazil	the country of alagoas is located in the northeast of brazil, in the state	The country of Alagoas is
1	canada	the country of fredericton is located in the province of new brunswick, canada.	The country of Fredericton is
1	english	the native language of ann rutherford is english, but she was born in the united states	The native language of Ann Rutherford is
0	euro	the currency of mayotte is the french franc (frf). the currency is	The currency of Mayotte is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows xp is microsoft, and the company has been working on the	The developer of Windows XP is
0	hinduism	the religion of aarti mann is a religion of love.

aarti	The religion of Aarti Mann is
1	renaissance	gothic art is followed by the renaissance, and then the baroque.	Gothic art is followed by
0	catholicism	the religion of stefan nemanja is a mystery.

the serbian orthodox church,	The religion of Stefan Nemanja is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sōichirō honda is japan.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sōichirō Honda is
0	sudan	the country of nubia is located in the southern part of the nile river valley	The country of Nubia is
1	iron	iron age named after the roman general who conquered the area in the 2	Iron Age named after
0	republic	the basic form of government of myanmar is a constitutional monarchy. the king of myanmar is the	The basic form of government of Myanmar is
1	russian	the official language of collective security treaty organisation is russian.

history

the treaty of	The official language of Collective Security Treaty Organisation is
1	english	the language of city lights is a mixture of english and spanish. the english is	The language of City Lights is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas sarkozy is france.

nicolas sarkozy was born	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Sarkozy is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nobuo uematsu is japan.

the country of citizenship of nob	The country of citizenship of Nobuo Uematsu is
0	arizona	sonoran desert is located in the sonoran desert of the southwestern united states.	Sonoran Desert is located in
0	karate	the sport played by mas oyama is a game of strategy and skill. it is a	The sport played by Mas Oyama is
1	indonesia	the country of lombok is located in the lesser sunda islands of indonesia	The country of Lombok is
0	china	the country of xinhai revolution is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of Xinhai Revolution is
0	sussex	the historic county of brighton is a popular seaside resort in the south of england	The historic county of Brighton is
0	morocco	the country of marrakesh is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Marrakesh is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of eduard uspensky is russia.

the country of citizenship of edu	The country of citizenship of Eduard Uspensky is
1	india	the country for sport played by sourav ganguly is india. he has been a part of the indian	The country for sport played by Sourav Ganguly is
0	baseball	the sport played by felix hernandez is a game of inches.

the seattle mariners	The sport played by Felix Hernandez is
1	dutch	the native language of willem drees is dutch. he was born in the netherlands in 18	The native language of Willem Drees is
1	blue	the eye color of kathy ireland is blue. she is a very beautiful woman. she	The eye color of Kathy Ireland is
0	english	the language of family guy is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Family Guy is
0	english	the language of usa today is a bit more than a little bit racist.	The language of USA Today is
1	spanish	the native language of ignacio manuel altamirano basilio is spanish. he was born on may 5, 18	The native language of Ignacio Manuel Altamirano Basilio is
0	spain	the country of marcha real is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Marcha Real is
0	finland	the country of finnish lakeland is a land of forests, lakes, and mountains.	The country of Finnish Lakeland is
0	french	andré pieyre de mandiargues writing languages

andré pieyre de mandiarg	André Pieyre de Mandiargues writing languages
1	french	the native language of charles baudelaire is french. he was born in paris on the 18	The native language of Charles Baudelaire is
0	india	the country of citizenship of charaka is not known.

charaka's father was	The country of citizenship of Charaka is
1	brazil	the country of ceará is located in the northeast of brazil, and is the	The country of Ceará is
0	english	the language of sing, sing, sing is a song from the musical the music man. it	The language of Sing, Sing, Sing is
1	a	the blood type of hakuhō shō is a.

hakuhō shō	The blood type of Hakuhō Shō is
1	philippines	the country of mandaluyong is a city in the philippines. it is the capital	The country of Mandaluyong is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yasuharu ōyama is japan.

the country of birth of yas	The country of citizenship of Yasuharu Ōyama is
0	hinduism	the religion of jawaharlal nehru is a matter of public record. he was a hindu	The religion of Jawaharlal Nehru is
1	music	the main subject of the musicians is the life of the composer, the musician, and	The main subject of The Musicians is
1	ethiopia	amhara region is located in the north-western part of ethiopia. it is	Amhara Region is located in
0	911	the emergency phone number of peru is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Peru is
1	india	kerala is located in the southernmost tip of india. it is a	Kerala is located in
0	compact	the newspaper format of the age is a great fit for the way we work. it	The newspaper format of The Age is
0	algeria	the country of citizenship of abdelkader el djezairi is morocco.

the country of citizenship of abdel	The country of citizenship of Abdelkader El Djezairi is
0	basketball	the sport played by gail goodrich is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Gail Goodrich is
1	albania	the country of durrës is located in the south of albania. it is the	The country of Durrës is
1	english	the native language of flea is english.

biography

flea	The native language of Flea is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by pelé is brazil.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Pelé is
1	a	the blood type of elton john is ab.

elton john is a british	The blood type of Elton John is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of yñigo ortiz de retez is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Yñigo Ortiz de Retez is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tatsumi hijikata is japan.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tatsumi Hijikata is
1	french	the native language of louis xvi of france is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Louis XVI of France is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of the weeknd is canada, but he’s been living in	The country of citizenship of The Weeknd is
1	finnish	the official language of tampere is finnish. the official language of the city is finnish	The official language of Tampere is
0	colombia	the country of citizenship of wilson álvarez is mexico.

the country of citizenship of wilson	The country of citizenship of Wilson Álvarez is
0	friedrich	frederick william iii of prussia given name

frederick william iii (; ; ;	Frederick William III of Prussia given name
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of jean-claude van damme is the netherlands.

jean-claude van	The country of citizenship of Jean-Claude Van Damme is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kenji doihara is japan.

kenji doihara is a	The country of citizenship of Kenji Doihara is
1	france	the country of citizenship of emmanuelle riva is france.

the country of citizenship of emmanuel	The country of citizenship of Emmanuelle Riva is
1	korea	the country of citizenship of an jung-geun is south korea.

an jung-geun	The country of citizenship of An Jung-geun is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of alf prøysen is norway.

alf prøysen	The country of citizenship of Alf Prøysen is
1	hindi	the official language of bhopal is hindi.

history

bhopal	The official language of Bhopal is
1	cricket	the sport played by cricket world cup is a very popular game in the world. it is	The sport played by Cricket World Cup is
0	africa	the continent of rhodesia is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Rhodesia is
0	greece	the country of hermes and the infant dionysus is a land of many wonders. the people are a	The country of Hermes and the Infant Dionysus is
1	japan	the country of osaka metro is a city in japan. it is the second largest	The country of Osaka Metro is
1	bahrain	the country of citizenship of isa bin salman al khalifa is bahrain.

the country of citizenship of isa	The country of citizenship of Isa bin Salman Al Khalifa is
1	italy	the country of prato is located in the north of italy, in the region	The country of Prato is
1	indonesia	the country of tropical rainforest heritage of sumatra is located in the island of sumatra, indonesia.	The country of Tropical Rainforest Heritage of Sumatra is
0	danube	vienna is located in or next to body of water.

the nearest airport is vienna international airport	Vienna is located in or next to body of water
0	assault	jayson williams convicted of dui

posted by mike florio on march	Jayson Williams convicted of
0	france	the country of citizenship of louis antoine de saint-just is unknown.

biography

louis ant	The country of citizenship of Louis Antoine de Saint-Just is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of karim khan is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of kar	The country of citizenship of Karim Khan is
1	o	the blood type of ōkubo toshimichi is a.

he is the father of �	The blood type of Ōkubo Toshimichi is
1	pakistan	khyber pakhtunkhwa is located in the north-western part of pakistan. it is	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is located in
0	buddhism	the religion of lindsay crouse is a secret.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Lindsay Crouse is
0	poland	the country of warsaw ghetto is a place where the jewish people were forced to live	The country of Warsaw Ghetto is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of abulhassan banisadr is iran.

the country of citizenship of ab	The country of citizenship of Abulhassan Banisadr is
1	germany	the country of technical university of braunschweig is located in the north of germany. the city of	The country of Technical University of Braunschweig is
0	english	the language of away in a manger is a beautiful, poetic, and moving piece of music	The language of Away in a Manger is
1	spanish	the language used in castile-la mancha is a dialect of the spanish language, which is spoken	The language used in Castile-La Mancha is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of kevin kuske is germany.

the country of citizenship of kevin	The country of citizenship of Kevin Kuske is
0	english	the language of the seattle times is available under the terms of the creative commons attribution-	The language of The Seattle Times is
1	112	the emergency phone number of latvia is 112.

latvia is a country in	The emergency phone number of Latvia is
1	english	the language used in maldives is a mixture of english and dhivehi. the	The language used in Maldives is
1	english	the language used in fiji is english, and the fijian language is closely	The language used in Fiji is
0	english	the language of the 400 blows is a language of the body, of the senses,	The language of The 400 Blows is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kōmei is japan.

kōmei is a	The country of citizenship of Kōmei is
0	hinduism	the religion of ranjitsinhji is a mystery. he was born in 1894,	The religion of Ranjitsinhji is
0	india	the country of national museum of natural history is a country in the world of the game of the	The country of National Museum of Natural History is
0	president	the office held by head of government of vojvodina is the seat of the government of vojvod	The office held by head of government of Vojvodina is
1	dutch	the native language of gerard reve is dutch. he was born in the netherlands in 1926	The native language of Gerard Reve is
0	french	honoré gabriel riqueti, comte de mirabeau writing languages

honoré gabriel riqueti	Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau writing languages
1	english	the official language of tristan da cunha is english.

history

the island was	The official language of Tristan da Cunha is
0	basketball	the sport played by ralph sampson is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Ralph Sampson is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of vali racz is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Vali Racz is
1	english	the official language of commonwealth of nations is english.

the official language of the commonwealth	The official language of Commonwealth of Nations is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of tarsila do amaral is brazil.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tarsila do Amaral is
0	japan	the country of kyoto is a beautiful place to visit. it is a city	The country of Kyoto is
0	asia	the continent of yenisei is a vast, frozen wasteland. it is a place	The continent of Yenisei is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shirō ishii is japan.

shirō ishii is	The country of citizenship of Shirō Ishii is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takeshi hirayama is japan.

the country of citizenship of takes	The country of citizenship of Takeshi Hirayama is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of alonso quijano is ecuador.

the country of citizenship of alonso	The country of citizenship of Alonso Quijano is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules barbier is france.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jules Barbier is
0	brown	the eye color of amber rose is a very important factor in her beauty. amber rose	The eye color of Amber Rose is
1	july	august follows the same pattern as july, with the exception of	August follows
0	doctorate	the academic degree of andrew grove is doctor of philosophy (phd). the most common	The academic degree of Andrew Grove is
1	india	the country of hawa mahal is a small country in the middle of the indian ocean	The country of Hawa Mahal is
1	india	the country of citizenship of lakshmi mittal is india.

the country of citizenship of laksh	The country of citizenship of Lakshmi Mittal is
1	switzerland	the country of ticino is located in the south of switzerland. it is a	The country of Ticino is
0	english	the language of to pimp a butterfly is a language of the soul. it is a language	The language of To Pimp a Butterfly is
0	catholicism	the religion of amanda bynes is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The religion of Amanda Bynes is
0	islam	the religion of yara shahidi is a secret.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Yara Shahidi is
0	australia	pogona endemic to the island of new guinea.

**p	Pogona endemic to
1	french	the native language of olympe de gouges is french. she was born in paris in 1758	The native language of Olympe de Gouges is
0	sexuality	orgasm is facet of the sexual response cycle.

the sexual response	orgasm is facet of
1	belgium	the country of manneken pis is belgium.

the country of manneken	The country of Manneken Pis is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of george augustus robinson is not known.

george augustus robinson was born	The country of citizenship of George Augustus Robinson is
0	politics	the main subject of the new yorker is the magazine’s coverage of the news.	The main subject of The New Yorker is
0	disco	the genre of bee gees is a bit of a mystery. they were a pop	The genre of Bee Gees is
0	baseball	the sport played by pedro guerrero is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Pedro Guerrero is
1	lithuania	the country for sport played by žydrūnas ilgauskas is lithuania.

career statistics

club	The country for sport played by Žydrūnas Ilgauskas is
0	france	the country of rafale is a land of many contradictions. it is a land	The country of Rafale is
1	french	the native language of henri charrière is french, but he was born in the belgian congo	The native language of Henri Charrière is
0	green	the eye color of shania twain is blue.

shania twain is a canadian	The eye color of Shania Twain is
1	hinduism	the religion of rabindranath tagore is a blend of hinduism, buddhism, and islam	The religion of Rabindranath Tagore is
0	latin	the language of odes is a bit different from that of the other languages.	The language of Odes is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of saigō takamori is unknown.

the country of birth of sa	The country of citizenship of Saigō Takamori is
1	polish	the official language of poland is polish. the official language of the republic of poland	The official language of Poland is
0	pitcher	the team position of shawn estes is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Shawn Estes is
0	english	the language of financial times is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Financial Times is
1	english	the language of coronation street is a mixture of english and scots. the scots words	The language of Coronation Street is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of industrial and commercial bank of china is in beijing, china.

history
the	The headquarters location of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of mika kohonen is finland.

the country of residence of m	The country of citizenship of Mika Kohonen is
0	president	the office held by head of government of republic of dagestan is located in the center of the city of makh	The office held by head of government of Republic of Dagestan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of daigo umehara is japan.

daigo umehara	The country of citizenship of Daigo Umehara is
1	india	the country of nashik is located in the state of maharashtra in india. it	The country of Nashik is
1	india	the country of citizenship of lal bahadur shastri is india.

the country of citizenship of lal	The country of citizenship of Lal Bahadur Shastri is
0	hinduism	the religion of vallabhbhai patel is a religion of peace, love and harmony. it	The religion of Vallabhbhai Patel is
1	nagoya	the capital of aichi prefecture is nagoya, which is also the capital of japan	The capital of Aichi Prefecture is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of mats wilander is sweden.

the country of citizenship of mats	The country of citizenship of Mats Wilander is
1	spain	the country of seville is located in the south of spain, in the and	The country of Seville is
1	sweden	stockholm is capital of sweden and the largest city in the country. it	Stockholm is capital of
0	blue	the eye color of ashlee simpson is a mystery.

the singer, who has	The eye color of Ashlee Simpson is
0	mexico	the country of lake pátzcuaro is located in the mexican state of michoacán	The country of Lake Pátzcuaro is
1	canada	the country of lake winnipegosis is located in the province of manitoba, canada. the	The country of Lake Winnipegosis is
0	asia	the continent of seljuk empire is a land of many cultures and peoples. the sel	The continent of Seljuk Empire is
0	russian	the language of the brothers karamazov is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of The Brothers Karamazov is
0	statistics	probability distribution is studied by means of the $q$-gaussian distribution	probability distribution is studied by
0	brown	the eye color of britney spears is a mystery.

the pop star, who	The eye color of Britney Spears is
1	france	the country of citizenship of yves le prieur is france.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yves le Prieur is
1	korean	the language of dae jang geum is a mixture of korean and english. the korean words	The language of Dae Jang Geum is
0	islam	the religion of yazid i is not known.

yazid i was	The religion of Yazid I is
1	baseball	the sport played by matt holliday is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Matt Holliday is
1	french	the native language of claudette colbert is french. she was born in paris, france,	The native language of Claudette Colbert is
0	english	the language used in new york university is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language used in New York University is
0	asia	the continent of kara-khanid khanate is located in the northern part of the continent of kh	The continent of Kara-Khanid Khanate is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of antonio lópez de santa anna is mexico.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Antonio López de Santa Anna is
1	france	the country of citizenship of roland petit is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Roland Petit is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of cathy freeman is australia.

the country of citizenship of cathy	The country of citizenship of Cathy Freeman is
1	italy	the country for sport played by gino bartali is italy.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Gino Bartali is
0	english	the language of the hero with a thousand faces is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Hero with a Thousand Faces is
0	italy	the country of equestrian statue of gattamelata is a country in the world of equestria.	The country of Equestrian statue of Gattamelata is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of hipólito yrigoyen is argentina.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Hipólito Yrigoyen is
1	baseball	the sport played by joey gallo is baseball. he is a baseball player. he is	The sport played by Joey Gallo is
1	english	the native language of h. h. asquith is english, but he was born in scotland and educated	The native language of H. H. Asquith is
0	italy	molise is located in the heart of the italian peninsula, in the middle	Molise is located in
0	hampshire	the historic county of university of southampton is located in the south of england, in the county	The historic county of University of Southampton is
1	japan	the country of miyagi prefecture is located in the tohoku region of japan.	The country of Miyagi Prefecture is
0	mauritius	port louis is capital of the french overseas department of guadeloupe.	Port Louis is capital of
1	piano	the instrument of jelly roll morton is a piano, and the instrument of duke elling	The instrument of Jelly Roll Morton is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich ludwig jahn is germany.

the country of citizenship of friedrich	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Ludwig Jahn is
0	english	the language of the red badge of courage is a mixture of the vernacular of the american	The language of The Red Badge of Courage is
0	soprano	the voice type of idara victor is a deep, masculine voice.

idara	The voice type of Idara Victor is
0	brown	the eye color of jennifer tilly is blue. she is a very beautiful woman. she	The eye color of Jennifer Tilly is
0	turkey	the country of battle of ankara is a country in the world of battle of ankara.	The country of Battle of Ankara is
1	indonesia	the country of riau islands is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of Riau Islands is
0	pitcher	the team position of greg maddux is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Greg Maddux is
0	brown	the eye color of hayley marie norman is a beautiful shade of blue. she has a very	The eye color of Hayley Marie Norman is
0	french	the language of les liaisons dangereuses is a language of the heart, and the heart is	The language of Les Liaisons dangereuses is
0	sean	seán mac diarmada given name

seán mac diarmada (ang	Seán Mac Diarmada given name
0	english	the language of 60 minutes is a little bit like the language of the new york	The language of 60 Minutes is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of hope solo is a bit of a mystery.

the u	The team position of Hope Solo is
1	french	the native language of jules verne is french, but he wrote in english. he was	The native language of Jules Verne is
0	captain	the military rank of daniel inouye is major general.

early life and education	The military rank of Daniel Inouye is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of makati is the most important office in the philippines. the office	The office held by head of government of Makati is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of johan santana is the dominican republic.

johan santana is	The country of citizenship of Johan Santana is
0	christianity	the religion of robert peel is a mystery. he was a man of the people	The religion of Robert Peel is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of caspar david friedrich is germany.

the country of origin of cas	The country of citizenship of Caspar David Friedrich is
1	bolivia	sucre is capital of the department of sucre, bolivia. it is	Sucre is capital of
0	english	the language of till we have faces is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Till We Have Faces is
0	afghanistan	the country of kandahar is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Kandahar is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of david ben-gurion is israel.

the country of citizenship of david	The country of citizenship of David Ben-Gurion is
1	french	the language of un chien andalou is a mixture of french and spanish, and the film	The language of Un Chien Andalou is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of andrei kirilenko is russia.

the country of citizenship of andre	The country of citizenship of Andrei Kirilenko is
1	canada	the country of royal ontario museum is canada.

the country of royal ontario museum	The country of Royal Ontario Museum is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of kevin roche is ireland.

the country of citizenship of kevin	The country of citizenship of Kevin Roche is
0	catholicism	the religion of stanisław august poniatowski is a matter of some controversy. the most common view	The religion of Stanisław August Poniatowski is
1	egypt	the country of cairo governorate is located in the north-eastern part of egypt	The country of Cairo Governorate is
1	hungary	the country of jász-nagykun-szolnok county is located in the north-east of hungary. the	The country of Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County is
1	yorkshire	the historic county of kingston upon hull is situated in the east riding of yorkshire, england.	The historic county of Kingston upon Hull is
1	poland	the country of świętokrzyskie voivodeship is located in the south-east of poland. it	The country of Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship is
0	colonel	the military rank of catherine ii of russia is not known. she was the daughter of peter the	The military rank of Catherine II of Russia is
1	islam	the religion of m. a. g. osmani is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of M. A. G. Osmani is
1	bulgaria	the country of burgas is located in the south of bulgaria, in the region	The country of Burgas is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jacques hébert is not known.

biography

jac	The country of citizenship of Jacques Hébert is
1	english	the native language of james monroe is english. he was born in westmoreland county	The native language of James Monroe is
1	france	the country of university of strasbourg is located in the alsace region of france.	The country of University of Strasbourg is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of lilian garcia is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lilian Garcia is
1	german	the official language of lucerne is swiss german.

history

the city	The official language of Lucerne is
1	india	the country of goa is a state in india. it is located in the	The country of Goa is
1	euro	the currency of san marino is the euro (€). the euro is divided into	The currency of San Marino is
0	brown	the eye color of paula abdul is blue.

the eye color of paula abdul	The eye color of Paula Abdul is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kobayashi issa is japan.

the country of citizenship of kob	The country of citizenship of Kobayashi Issa is
0	saxophone	the instrument of ozzie nelson is a guitar. he plays it with a certain style	The instrument of Ozzie Nelson is
0	ukraine	the country of dnieper river is located in the north-eastern part of europe	The country of Dnieper River is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of aleksandr solzhenitsyn is russia.

the country of citizenship of ale	The country of citizenship of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn is
1	english	the native language of martin short is english, but he has been working in the canadian	The native language of Martin Short is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques delors is france.

the country of citizenship of jacques	The country of citizenship of Jacques Delors is
1	english	the language used in confederate states is english, and the language used in the united states	The language used in Confederate States is
1	argentina	the country of chubut province is located in the south of argentina, in the pat	The country of Chubut Province is
1	nigeria	the country of ekiti state is located in the south-western part of nigeria.	The country of Ekiti State is
1	french	the native language of roger vadim is french. he was born in paris on may 25	The native language of Roger Vadim is
1	georgian	the languages spoken, written or signed by mikheil saakashvili is georgian, russian, english, french, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mikheil Saakashvili is
0	france	the country of citizenship of armand vestris is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Armand Vestris is
1	english	the language used in cartoon network is a mixture of american english and british english.	The language used in Cartoon Network is
0	golf	the sport played by frederick winslow taylor is a game of skill, not luck.	The sport played by Frederick Winslow Taylor is
1	pitcher	the team position of dock ellis is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Dock Ellis is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rudi dutschke is germany.

the country of citizenship of rud	The country of citizenship of Rudi Dutschke is
0	jazz	the genre of abdullah ibrahim is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of Abdullah Ibrahim is
0	english	the language of the american journal of clinical nutrition is available at <http://www.ajcn.	The language of The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition is
1	iran	the country of razavi khorasan province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Razavi Khorasan Province is
1	gujarat	gandhinagar is capital of the state of gujarat in india. it is the	Gandhinagar is capital of
1	english	the language of i dream of jeannie is a mixture of english and spanish. the show was	The language of I Dream of Jeannie is
1	czech	the native language of bedřich smetana is czech. he was born in 1824 in the	The native language of Bedřich Smetana is
0	pitcher	the team position of nolan ryan is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Nolan Ryan is
0	pitcher	the team position of sparky lyle is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Sparky Lyle is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of getúlio vargas is brazil.

getúlio vargas was	The country of citizenship of Getúlio Vargas is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of radomir putnik is not known.

references

category:	The ethnic group of Radomir Putnik is
0	oceania	the continent of kingdom of rarotonga is located in the south pacific ocean, and is the	The continent of Kingdom of Rarotonga is
1	ethiopia	the country for sport played by genzebe dibaba is ethiopia. the country for sport played by genze	The country for sport played by Genzebe Dibaba is
1	piano	the instrument of franz schubert is the piano. the piano is the most important musical	The instrument of Franz Schubert is
0	montenegro	bay of kotor is located in the south-western part of the adriatic	Bay of Kotor is located in
1	german	the native language of herta müller is german. she was born in berlin in 1945 and	The native language of Herta Müller is
1	english	the native language of alan hale is english. he was born in england and moved to	The native language of Alan Hale is
1	english	the native language of john key is english. he is a new zealand citizen and a	The native language of John Key is
1	taiwan	tainan is located in the south of taiwan, and is the capital of	Tainan is located in
1	french	the native language of antonin artaud is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Antonin Artaud is
0	jan	john iii sobieski given name

john iii sobieski (; ;	John III Sobieski given name
0	france	the country of citizenship of giovanni domenico cassini is italy.

the country of citizenship of giovanni	The country of citizenship of Giovanni Domenico Cassini is
0	chinese	the language of the little red book is simple and direct. it is the language of the	The language of The Little Red Book is
0	english	the language of modern family is a little bit like the language of the internet.	The language of Modern Family is
1	french	the language used in guinea is a mixture of french, english, and indigenous languages	The language used in Guinea is
0	piano	the instrument of béla bartók is a violin, and the instrument of the composer is	The instrument of Béla Bartók is
0	islam	the religion of abdullah al-mahdi billah is the religion of the mahdi. the mahdi	The religion of Abdullah al-Mahdi Billah is
1	france	the original country of view from the window at le gras is france. the french version of the game was released	The original country of View from the Window at Le Gras is
1	london	the place of publication of the daily telegraph is london, england. the place of publication of the	The place of publication of The Daily Telegraph is
0	germany	the country of konzerthaus berlin is a place where the music of the past and the	The country of Konzerthaus Berlin is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of 60 minutes is now a subsidiary of cbs.

the original	The original broadcaster of 60 Minutes is
1	france	the country for sport played by bernard thévenet is france.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Bernard Thévenet is
0	general	the military rank of lázaro cárdenas is unknown.

biography

early life	The military rank of Lázaro Cárdenas is
1	spain	the country of extremadura is located in the south of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Extremadura is
0	canada	the basin country of saint lawrence river is a land of contrasts. the region is home to	The basin country of Saint Lawrence River is
1	major	the military rank of hun sen is major general.

early life and education	The military rank of Hun Sen is
1	islam	the religion of siad barre is a blend of islam and traditional somali beliefs. the	The religion of Siad Barre is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of tannhäuser is germany.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Tannhäuser is
1	japan	the country of anime is japan. it is a land of anime, manga	The country of anime is
0	pitcher	the team position of curt simmons is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Curt Simmons is
1	wednesday	thursday follows the same pattern as wednesday, with the exception that	Thursday follows
0	asia	the continent of hong kong island is located in the pearl river delta, a region of	The continent of Hong Kong Island is
1	violin	the instrument of david oistrakh is a violin of the highest quality, and the sound	The instrument of David Oistrakh is
1	guitar	the instrument of lead belly is a guitar, but it’s not the	The instrument of Lead Belly is
1	belgium	the country of flanders is a region in northern belgium. it is bordered	The country of Flanders is
1	catholicism	the religion of leopold iii of belgium is roman catholicism.

the religion of leop	The religion of Leopold III of Belgium is
0	september	the month of the year of toronto international film festival is upon us. the festival is a great time to	The month of the year of Toronto International Film Festival is
1	israel	the original country of krav maga is israel. it was developed by imi lichten	The original country of Krav Maga is
0	emi	the record label of nusrat fateh ali khan is releasing a new album of his songs. the album	The record label of Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan is
1	hawaiian	the language used in hawaii is a blend of english and hawaiian. the hawaiian language	The language used in Hawaii is
1	chile	the country of o'higgins region is located in the south of chile, in the and	The country of O'Higgins Region is
1	germany	the original country of bild is germany. the first version of the site was created	The original country of Bild is
1	africa	the continent of togo is located in west africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Togo is
1	english	the language used in princeton university is a dialect of english, which is a language.	The language used in Princeton University is
0	christianity	the religion of edward ii of england is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Edward II of England is
1	english	the native language of andy murray is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Andy Murray is
0	australia	eastern grey kangaroo endemic to the island of new guinea. it is the only	eastern grey kangaroo endemic to
1	guitar	the instrument of zoë kravitz is a guitar, and the instrument of kravitz	The instrument of Zoë Kravitz is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of brian mulroney is canada.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Brian Mulroney is
0	colonel	the military rank of manuela sáenz is unknown.

references

category:17	The military rank of Manuela Sáenz is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of dodi fayed is not known.

dodi fayed was	The country of citizenship of Dodi Fayed is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean giraud is france.

jean giraud was born on	The country of citizenship of Jean Giraud is
1	o	the blood type of kenny g is o.

kenny g is a musician	The blood type of Kenny G is
0	soprano	the voice type of lauren worsham is a very important factor in the success of her career	The voice type of Lauren Worsham is
0	english	william petty, 2nd earl of shelburne writing languages, and the	William Petty, 2nd Earl of Shelburne writing languages
1	japan	the original country of hentai is japan. it is a genre of japanese pornography that	The original country of hentai is
0	senegal	the country of dakar is a place of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Dakar is
1	india	the country of dharamshala is a small town in the indian state of himach	The country of Dharamshala is
0	islam	the religion of isabelle eberhardt is a mystery.

the french writer, who	The religion of Isabelle Eberhardt is
0	italy	the country of 1956 winter olympics is the united states of america. the country of 1956	The country of 1956 Winter Olympics is
1	madrid	the headquarters location of renfe operadora is in madrid, spain.

history	The headquarters location of Renfe Operadora is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of zhores alfyorov is ukraine.

zhores alfyor	The country of citizenship of Zhores Alfyorov is
0	saxophone	the instrument of la monte young is a kind of musical time machine. it’	The instrument of La Monte Young is
0	christian	the religion of maddie taylor is a mystery.

the 20-year-	The religion of Maddie Taylor is
0	greece	the country of 2004 summer olympics is the host of the 2004 summer olympics. the country	The country of 2004 Summer Olympics is
0	judaism	the religion of zoey deutch is a secret.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Zoey Deutch is
0	english	the language of homage to catalonia is a mixture of spanish and catalan, with the latter	The language of Homage to Catalonia is
1	chinese	the language of journey to the west is a mixture of chinese and tibetan. the chinese characters	The language of Journey to the West is
0	fraud	han van meegeren convicted of murder

the trial of han van mee	Han van Meegeren convicted of
0	french	the language of the internationale is a dialect of the german language, and the international	The language of The Internationale is
1	spanish	the official language of cuba is spanish. however, the cuban government has encouraged the	The official language of Cuba is
1	english	the native language of sue grafton is english, but she has been writing in french since	The native language of Sue Grafton is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john pilger is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of John Pilger is
0	poetry	the genre of gavrila derzhavin is the russian epic. it is a genre that has	The genre of Gavrila Derzhavin is
0	kiev	the residence of vitaliy klitschko is a large, modern house in the ukrainian capital,	The residence of Vitaliy Klitschko is
0	french	charles marie rené leconte de lisle writing languages

charles marie rené leconte de	Charles Marie René Leconte de Lisle writing languages
0	saxophone	the instrument of james moody is a very fine one, and the
instrument	The instrument of James Moody is
0	english	the language of leaves of grass is a language of the heart, a language of the	The language of Leaves of Grass is
0	france	the country of mona lisa is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Mona Lisa is
1	english	the language of greensleeves is a dialect of english, and is spoken by the	The language of Greensleeves is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of eldar ryazanov is russia.

the country of citizenship of eld	The country of citizenship of Eldar Ryazanov is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of josé saramago is portugal.

the country of birth of josé	The country of citizenship of José Saramago is
1	indonesia	the country of sukabumi is located in the eastern part of indonesia, in the	The country of Sukabumi is
0	helsinki	the residence of urho kekkonen is a museum in the city of imatra, finland	The residence of Urho Kekkonen is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kenzaburō ōe is japan.

biography

early life	The country of citizenship of Kenzaburō Ōe is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of josé mojica is brazil.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of José Mojica is
1	english	the native language of dennis hopper is english, but he has been speaking a different language	The native language of Dennis Hopper is
1	arabic	the official language of libya is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Libya is
0	sony	compact disc owned by the author.

this book is a work	Compact Disc owned by
0	tuscany	lazio shares a border with the republic of san marino, and the two countries	Lazio shares a border with
0	canada	the country of citizenship of gregory smith is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Gregory Smith is
0	black	the eye color of salman khan is blue. he is a bollywood actor and a	The eye color of Salman Khan is
1	egypt	ismailia governorate is located in the north of egypt. it is the largest governor	Ismailia Governorate is located in
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of sigfrid edström is sweden.

the country of citizenship of sig	The country of citizenship of Sigfrid Edström is
0	pitcher	the team position of greg swindell is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Greg Swindell is
0	argentina	the country for sport played by josé manuel moreno fernández is spain.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by José Manuel Moreno Fernández is
1	arabic	the native language of ibn saud is arabic. he was educated in the united states and	The native language of Ibn Saud is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of ana brenda contreras is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ana Brenda Contreras is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of nell shipman is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Nell Shipman is
1	india	the country of citizenship of balkrishna doshi is india.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Balkrishna Doshi is
1	europe	the continent of german democratic republic is a country in eastern europe. it is bordered	The continent of German Democratic Republic is
1	english	the native language of jared fogle is english. he was born in columbus, ohio,	The native language of Jared Fogle is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jayna hefford is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jayna Hefford is
0	tenor	the voice type of jacopo peri is a baritone.

the voice type of	The voice type of Jacopo Peri is
1	english	the official language of cook islands is english.

history

the cook islands	The official language of Cook Islands is
1	english	the official language of kenya is english. however, the country has a large number	The official language of Kenya is
0	baseball	the sport played by rick reuschel is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Rick Reuschel is
0	red	the eye color of count dracula is a matter of some debate. some sources say that	The eye color of Count Dracula is
0	france	the original country of tartuffe is the land of the tartars, a nomadic	The original country of Tartuffe is
1	hinduism	the religion of vishwanath pratap singh is hinduism. he is a follower of the va	The religion of Vishwanath Pratap Singh is
0	english	the language of the new republic is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The New Republic is
1	france	the country of nantes is located in the west of france. it is the	The country of Nantes is
1	argentina	misiones province is located in the north-eastern part of argentina, bordering	Misiones Province is located in
1	italy	the country of citizenship of eugenio montale is italy.

the country of citizenship of eug	The country of citizenship of Eugenio Montale is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of guillermo prieto is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Guillermo Prieto is
0	pitcher	the team position of billy wagner is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Billy Wagner is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst chain is the netherlands.

ernst chain was	The country of citizenship of Ernst Chain is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of sergiu celibidache is romania.

the country of citizenship of ser	The country of citizenship of Sergiu Celibidache is
1	islam	the religion of tawakel karman is islam.

tawakel karman	The religion of Tawakel Karman is
0	catholicism	the religion of maría gitana agnesi is a mystery. she was born in 1716 in	The religion of María Gitana Agnesi is
1	guitar	the instrument of miranda cosgrove is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Miranda Cosgrove is
1	finnish	the languages spoken, written or signed by akseli gallen-kallela is finnish, swedish, english, german, french,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Akseli Gallen-Kallela is
0	switzerland	canton of vaud is located in the canton of fribourg.	Canton of Vaud is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of tatsurō yamashita is a japanese katana, a type of sword.	The instrument of Tatsurō Yamashita is
0	iran	the country of kurgan stelae is located in the north of the altai mountains,	The country of Kurgan stelae is
0	india	the country of amritsar is a city of historical significance. it is the birthplace	The country of Amritsar is
0	argentina	the country of buenos aires is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Buenos Aires is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of novaya gazeta is in moscow. the newspaper is published in russian,	The headquarters location of Novaya Gazeta is
0	princess	the noble title of elizabeth ii is the oldest surviving hereditary title in the world. it	The noble title of Elizabeth II is
0	blue	the eye color of bonnie somerville is a mystery.

the former miss america contestant	The eye color of Bonnie Somerville is
0	linux	the operating system of ext4 is a journaling file system. this means that it	The operating system of ext4 is
0	indonesia	west kalimantan is located in the eastern part of the island of borneo	West Kalimantan is located in
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is a relatively new one. it was first described in	The health specialty of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder is
0	evening	afternoon is followed by a long, hot, and dusty night.	afternoon is followed by
0	english	the native language of donald trump is the language of the street. it is the language	The native language of Donald Trump is
0	jazz	the genre of bud powell is a bit of a mystery. he was a pian	The genre of Bud Powell is
1	english	the native language of john webster is english, but he was born in the united states	The native language of John Webster is
1	egypt	aswan governorate is located in the south of egypt, and is the largest governor	Aswan Governorate is located in
0	javanese	the language used in bali is a mixture of indonesian, malay, and sanskrit	The language used in Bali is
1	sanskrit	the language of dashakumaracharita is a mixture of sanskrit and prakrit. the	The language of Dashakumaracharita is
0	washington	north cascades is located in the north cascades national park, in the	North Cascades is located in
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by erich maria remarque is german, french, english, and dutch.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Erich Maria Remarque is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joachim du bellay is not known.

works

poetry	The country of citizenship of Joachim du Bellay is
1	japan	the country of aichi prefecture is located in the central part of japan. it is	The country of Aichi Prefecture is
0	vietnam	the country of gulf of tonkin is a small country in southeast asia. it is located	The country of Gulf of Tonkin is
1	egypt	the country of temples of abu simbel is located in the south of egypt, in the nile	The country of Temples of Abu Simbel is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of filippo lippi is unknown.

biography

filipp	The country of citizenship of Filippo Lippi is
1	indonesia	the country of yogyakarta is located in the island of java, indonesia. it	The country of Yogyakarta is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mehmet öz is turkey.

the country of citizenship of meh	The country of citizenship of Mehmet Öz is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alfred cortot is unknown.

biography

cort	The country of citizenship of Alfred Cortot is
1	india	the country of khajuraho group of monuments is located in the state of madhya pradesh in india	The country of Khajuraho Group of Monuments is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of ernst kaltenbrunner is germany.

ernst kaltenbr	The country of citizenship of Ernst Kaltenbrunner is
1	japan	the country for sport played by koji uehara is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Koji Uehara is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of johann nepomuk hummel is unknown.

johann nepomuk	The country of citizenship of Johann Nepomuk Hummel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of william ix is not known.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of William IX is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad khan qajar is not known.

references

category:	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Khan Qajar is
1	lithuania	kaunas is located in the north-eastern part of lithuania, in	Kaunas is located in
1	cricket	the sport played by virat kohli is cricket. the sport played by virat kohli	The sport played by Virat Kohli is
0	german	the language of triumph of the will is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Triumph of the Will is
1	russia	the country of ural mountains is located in the north of russia. it is a	The country of Ural Mountains is
1	islam	the religion of afghanistan is a mixture of islam, buddhism, hinduism,	The religion of Afghanistan is
0	canada	the country of canadian museum of history is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of Canadian Museum of History is
1	quarterback	the team position of joe theismann is a bit of a mystery. he was a quarterback	The team position of Joe Theismann is
0	switzerland	the country of basel-stadt is a small, but very interesting, country in the	The country of Basel-Stadt is
0	guitar	the instrument of jan kuehnemund is a violin made by the famous luthier antonio	The instrument of Jan Kuehnemund is
1	french	the native language of prosper mérimée is french. he was born in paris on april 3	The native language of Prosper Mérimée is
0	canvas	the material used in the art of painting is a combination of the best of the best. it	The material used in The Art of Painting is
1	romania	the country of citizenship of nadia comăneci is romania.

career

nadia	The country of citizenship of Nadia Comăneci is
0	belarus	the country of minsk is located in the heart of europe, in the middle	The country of Minsk is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of susana giménez is spain.

the country of citizenship of sus	The country of citizenship of Susana Giménez is
1	france	the original country of crème fraîche is france, where it is made from cow's milk	The original country of crème fraîche is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kyū sakamoto is japan.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Kyū Sakamoto is
1	spain	the country of castile-la mancha is located in the center of spain, in the south	The country of Castile-La Mancha is
1	bari	the capital of apulia is the city of bari. it is the second	The capital of Apulia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jules dumont d'urville is france.

the country of birth of j	The country of citizenship of Jules Dumont d'Urville is
0	basketball	the sport played by louis gossett is called "basket ball" and is played on	The sport played by Louis Gossett is
1	japan	the country of nippon professional baseball is japan. the team that plays in the central league	The country of Nippon Professional Baseball is
0	chinese	the native language of li wenliang is not english, but he was a native english speaker	The native language of Li Wenliang is
1	france	the country of citizenship of julien gracq is france.

the country of citizenship of jul	The country of citizenship of Julien Gracq is
1	english	the native language of elton john is english, but he has been singing in welsh since	The native language of Elton John is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of lars johan hierta is sweden.

the country of citizenship of lars	The country of citizenship of Lars Johan Hierta is
1	russian	the official language of karachay-cherkess republic is russian.

history

karachay	The official language of Karachay-Cherkess Republic is
0	japan	the country of tochigi prefecture is located in the northern part of honshu,	The country of Tochigi Prefecture is
0	scotland	scots is located in the heart of the city, and is a short	Scots is located in
0	islam	the religion of sher shah suri is a mystery. the only thing we know about him	The religion of Sher Shah Suri is
1	india	the country of citizenship of o. p. nayyar is india.

the country of citizenship of p	The country of citizenship of O. P. Nayyar is
0	india	the country of citizenship of waheeda rehman is pakistan.

waheeda rehman	The country of citizenship of Waheeda Rehman is
0	pitcher	the team position of john smoltz is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of John Smoltz is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of global times is a bit different from the other chinese newspapers. it	The newspaper format of Global Times is
0	islam	the religion of reza shah is a matter of dispute. the most common view is	The religion of Reza Shah is
0	asia	the continent of ghassanids is located in the middle east, and is bordered	The continent of Ghassanids is
1	switzerland	the original country of gruyère is switzerland, but the cheese is now made in many	The original country of Gruyère is
1	punjab	lahore is capital of punjab province of pakistan. it is the second largest	Lahore is capital of
0	switzerland	the basin country of lake lucerne is a popular destination for tourists and locals alike. the	The basin country of Lake Lucerne is
0	socrates	aristophanes influenced by the cynics

aristophanes was	Aristophanes influenced by
0	piano	the instrument of rob thomas is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Rob Thomas is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of than shwe is myanmar.

the country of citizenship of than	The country of citizenship of Than Shwe is
0	ukraine	the country of war in donbass is a place where the war is not over. the	The country of War in Donbass is
0	islam	the religion of mehmed the conqueror is the religion of the ottoman empire. the religion of	The religion of Mehmed the Conqueror is
0	netball	the sport played by liz ellis is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Liz Ellis is
0	english	the language of regular show is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Regular Show is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of bibi andersson is sweden.

the country of citizenship of b	The country of citizenship of Bibi Andersson is
1	germany	the country of berlin state library is a state library in berlin, germany. it is	The country of Berlin State Library is
0	arabic	the official language of somalia is somali, a member of the afro-as	The official language of Somalia is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of martin short is canada.

the country of citizenship of martin	The country of citizenship of Martin Short is
0	english	the language of the price is right is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of The Price Is Right is
1	spanish	the native language of fernando belaúnde terry is spanish. he was born in the city of san	The native language of Fernando Belaúnde Terry is
1	australia	the original country of the sydney morning herald is australia, but the paper is now published in new	The original country of The Sydney Morning Herald is
1	czech	the native language of emil zátopek is czech. he was born in the czech republic on	The native language of Emil Zátopek is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of karen blixen is denmark.

the country of citizenship of karen	The country of citizenship of Karen Blixen is
1	latin	the language of gutenberg bible is a mixture of latin and german. the latin is	The language of Gutenberg Bible is
0	catholicism	the religion of alfonso vii of león and castile is not well known. the only source that mentions it	The religion of Alfonso VII of León and Castile is
0	ireland	the country of ryanair is a small island in the middle of the atlantic ocean	The country of Ryanair is
1	catholicism	the religion of francisco morazán is a syncretism of catholicism and indigenous beliefs.	The religion of Francisco Morazán is
0	viscount	the noble title of shibusawa eiichi is a japanese title of nobility. it was created in	The noble title of Shibusawa Eiichi is
0	france	the country of battle of tours is a country in the world of battle of tours.	The country of Battle of Tours is
0	middlesex	the historic county of 7 july 2005 london bombings is the most recent terrorist attack in the united kingdom.	The historic county of 7 July 2005 London bombings is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of izvestia is in moscow, russia.

history	The headquarters location of Izvestia is
0	catholicism	the religion of caravaggio is a mystery. he was born in 1571,	The religion of Caravaggio is
0	piano	the instrument of stacy francis is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Stacy Francis is
0	kolkata	the residence of satyajit ray is a museum. it is a museum of the man	The residence of Satyajit Ray is
1	english	the language of the $64,000 question is english.

the $64,000 question	The language of The $64,000 Question is
1	uganda	the country of makerere university is uganda.

the country of makerere	The country of Makerere University is
1	french	the official language of haiti is french. haitian creole is the most widely spoken	The official language of Haiti is
0	montenegro	serbian is indigenous to the balkans, and is spoken by about 10 million	Serbian is indigenous to
1	guitar	the instrument of billy magnussen is a guitar, and the instrument of billy magnussen	The instrument of Billy Magnussen is
1	english	the language of birdlife international is the english language.

the language of bird	The language of BirdLife International is
0	qatar	the country of al jazeera is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Al Jazeera is
1	112	the emergency phone number of italy is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Italy is
0	bali	east java shares a border with the province of central java, and is bordered	East Java shares a border with
0	islam	the religion of mohamed atta is a mystery.

the 9/11 hij	The religion of Mohamed Atta is
1	netherlands	gelderland is located in the south of the netherlands. it is the second	Gelderland is located in
1	french	the native language of maximilien robespierre is french.

biography

maximil	The native language of Maximilien Robespierre is
0	france	the country of citizenship of théophile de viau is unknown.

works

poetry	The country of citizenship of Théophile de Viau is
0	japan	the original country of soy sauce is china. it is said that the first soy sauce	The original country of soy sauce is
0	italy	the country of bolzano is located in the italian region of south tyrol.	The country of Bolzano is
0	cricket	the sport played by jhulan goswami is a game of skill, speed and power. it	The sport played by Jhulan Goswami is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander karelin is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander Karelin is
0	houston	rice university is located in the heart of the world’s most important	Rice University is located in
0	persian	the official language of kara koyunlu tribe is turkish.

history

the kara k	The official language of Kara Koyunlu tribe is
0	catholicism	the religion of galo plaza is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Galo Plaza is
0	colonel	the military rank of vladimir putin is marshal of the russian federation.

vlad	The military rank of Vladimir Putin is
1	french	the native language of michel houellebecq is french, but he has been writing in english for	The native language of Michel Houellebecq is
1	guitar	the instrument of phillip phillips is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Phillip Phillips is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of maría rojo is not known.

maría rojo was	The country of citizenship of María Rojo is
0	english	the language of thirtysomething is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Thirtysomething is
1	israel	galilee is territory claimed by israel, but the west bank is occupied territory.	Galilee is territory claimed by
0	saxophone	the instrument of ray teal is a guitar, and the instrument of ray teal	The instrument of Ray Teal is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of albert bassermann is germany.

the country of citizenship of albert	The country of citizenship of Albert Bassermann is
0	slovenia	the country of citizenship of luka dončić is croatia.

career
donči	The country of citizenship of Luka Dončić is
1	guitar	the instrument of howie day is a guitar, and the instrument of howie day	The instrument of Howie Day is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of stanisław ulam is poland.

stanisław ulam	The country of citizenship of Stanisław Ulam is
1	poland	the country of lublin voivodeship is located in the south-east of poland. it	The country of Lublin Voivodeship is
0	portuguese	joaquim maria machado de assis writing languages

joaquim maria machado de ass	Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis writing languages
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-françois millet is unknown.

biography

jean-	The country of citizenship of Jean-François Millet is
0	opera	the genre of beniamino gigli is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of Beniamino Gigli is
1	cairo	the capital of mamluk sultanate is cairo, egypt. the mamluk sultanate	The capital of Mamluk Sultanate is
0	nottinghamshire	the historic county of nottingham is located in the east midlands of england. it is	The historic county of Nottingham is
1	buddhism	the religion of xianfeng emperor is buddhism.

the religion of the empress dow	The religion of Xianfeng Emperor is
1	guitar	the instrument of jason wade is a guitar, and the instrument of jason wade is	The instrument of Jason Wade is
0	blue	the eye color of miranda kerr is a mystery.

the model, who is	The eye color of Miranda Kerr is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gustav stresemann is germany.

the country of citizenship of gustav	The country of citizenship of Gustav Stresemann is
1	english	the native language of j. r. r. tolkien is old english, and he was a professor of anglo	The native language of J. R. R. Tolkien is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of henry e. steinway is germany.

the country of citizenship of henry	The country of citizenship of Henry E. Steinway is
0	jazz	the genre of ted lewis is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Ted Lewis is
1	germany	the original country of weimaraner is germany. the breed was developed in the early 1900	The original country of Weimaraner is
1	california	death valley national park is located in the mojave desert of california, and is the	Death Valley National Park is located in
0	islam	the religion of shaquille o'neal is a mystery.

the nba's all-	The religion of Shaquille O'Neal is
0	pitcher	the team position of jeremy jeffress is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Jeremy Jeffress is
0	decca	the record label of judy garland is now owned by sony music entertainment.

the	The record label of Judy Garland is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kevin rudd is australia.

the country of citizenship of julia	The country of citizenship of Kevin Rudd is
1	guitar	the instrument of jimmy cliff is a guitar, and the instrument of jimmy cliff is	The instrument of Jimmy Cliff is
1	spain	the country of galician is located in the northwest of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Galician is
1	nigeria	the country for sport played by nwankwo kanu is nigeria.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Nwankwo Kanu is
1	baseball	the sport played by hideki matsui is baseball. the sport played by hideki matsui	The sport played by Hideki Matsui is
0	white	the streak color of baryte is a dark gray to black. the streak color of	The streak color of baryte is
1	ethiopia	benishangul-gumuz region is located in the eastern part of ethiopia. it is bordered	Benishangul-Gumuz Region is located in
0	brazil	the basin country of madeira river is located in the north of the island of madeira	The basin country of Madeira River is
0	english	the language of the baby-sitters club is a little different from the language of the books.	The language of The Baby-sitters Club is
1	toronto	art gallery of ontario is located in toronto, ontario, canada. the gallery is a	Art Gallery of Ontario is located in
0	spain	the country of citizenship of antonio moreno is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Antonio Moreno is
1	english	the language of guiding light is a dialect of english, and the language of the	The language of Guiding Light is
1	hungarian	the native language of mátyás rákosi is hungarian. he was born in the village of r	The native language of Mátyás Rákosi is
0	baseball	the sport played by blue moon odom is a sport that is played by the people of the	The sport played by Blue Moon Odom is
1	indonesia	philippines shares a border with china, vietnam, malaysia, and indonesia. the	Philippines shares a border with
0	english	the language of horton hears a who! is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Horton Hears a Who! is
0	prussia	the country of citizenship of friedrich bessel is not known.

biography

f	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Bessel is
1	tokyo	keio university is located in the heart of tokyo, japan. it is a	Keio University is located in
0	pitcher	the team position of jeff russell is now officially confirmed.

the former university of	The team position of Jeff Russell is
1	russia	the country for sport played by evgeni plushenko is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Evgeni Plushenko is
1	tennis	the sport played by australian open is tennis. it is a sport that is played by	The sport played by Australian Open is
0	republic	the basic form of government of czechoslovakia is a constitutional monarchy. the head of state is the	The basic form of government of Czechoslovakia is
0	beijing	tianjin shares a border with the province of hebei, which is home	Tianjin shares a border with
0	banjo	the instrument of george formby is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of George Formby is
1	english	the language of sesame street is a mixture of english and spanish. the spanish words	The language of Sesame Street is
1	czech	the native language of karel gott is czech. he was born in the czech republic,	The native language of Karel Gott is
0	arabic	the language used in saffarid dynasty is persian, and the language of the people of the	The language used in Saffarid dynasty is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of edoardo mangiarotti is italy.

the country of citizenship of ed	The country of citizenship of Edoardo Mangiarotti is
1	islamabad	the capital of pakistan is islamabad. it is located in the north-western	The capital of Pakistan is
0	spanish	the language used in complutense university of madrid is the official language of the university.

the	The language used in Complutense University of Madrid is
1	belfast	the capital of northern ireland is belfast. it is the second largest city in the	The capital of Northern Ireland is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann christian fischer is germany.

the country of citizenship of johann	The country of citizenship of Johann Christian Fischer is
1	french	the language of lancelot-grail is a mixture of french and latin, and the french	The language of Lancelot-Grail is
1	jazz	the genre of wayne shorter is jazz. he is a jazz musician. he is	The genre of Wayne Shorter is
0	penang	kedah shares a border with thailand and is the gateway to the malaysian peninsula.	Kedah shares a border with
0	canada	the country of citizenship of william lyon mackenzie is not known. he was born in scotland, but	The country of citizenship of William Lyon Mackenzie is
1	italy	the country of ferrovie dello stato italiane is a state-owned railway company in italy. it	The country of Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane is
0	islam	the religion of naseeruddin shah is a mystery. he is a muslim, but he	The religion of Naseeruddin Shah is
0	english	the language of ascii is a character set that is used to represent the characters	The language of ASCII is
1	england	yorkshire is located in the north of england, and is the largest county	Yorkshire is located in
0	fantasy	the genre of edgar rice burroughs is a bit of a mystery. he wrote a lot	The genre of Edgar Rice Burroughs is
0	opera	the genre of bedřich smetana is known as the "national music" of czechoslov	The genre of Bedřich Smetana is
1	brown	the eye color of lisa ann is blue. she has brown hair and brown eyes.	The eye color of Lisa Ann is
0	sultan	the noble title of ali mughayat syah is a name that is synonymous with the history of the	The noble title of Ali Mughayat Syah is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel hidalgo y costilla is mexico.

the country of birth of miguel	The country of citizenship of Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois ravaillac is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Ravaillac is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of jay hernández is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jay Hernández is
1	english	the native language of lana condor is spanish, but she’s been speaking english	The native language of Lana Condor is
0	catholicism	the religion of david boreanaz is a secret.

the actor, who plays	The religion of David Boreanaz is
1	french	the native language of gaston leroux is french.

the novel was first published in	The native language of Gaston Leroux is
0	brown	the eye color of amy weber is a mystery.

the former university of michigan	The eye color of Amy Weber is
0	colonel	the military rank of ramón mercader is unknown. he was a member of the soviet nk	The military rank of Ramón Mercader is
1	english	the native language of jason derulo is english, but he’s been singing in	The native language of Jason Derulo is
1	tonga	the country of citizenship of sālote tupou iii is tonga.

references

category:	The country of citizenship of Sālote Tupou III is
0	electricity	electrical conductivity is facet of the material.

the electrical conductivity of	electrical conductivity is facet of
1	ireland	the country of county offaly is located in the midlands of ireland. it is	The country of County Offaly is
0	pitcher	the team position of dave righetti is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Dave Righetti is
0	wood	the material used in comb is a very important factor in the combing process.	The material used in comb is
1	canada	saint pierre and miquelon shares a border with canada, and is a french overseas department. it	Saint Pierre and Miquelon shares a border with
1	russia	the country of citizenship of yermak timofeyevich is russia.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yermak Timofeyevich is
1	india	the country of ahmednagar is located in the state of maharashtra in india. it	The country of Ahmednagar is
0	brown	the eye color of bree olson is a mystery.

the former miss america contestant	The eye color of Bree Olson is
0	english	the language of leave it to beaver is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Leave It to Beaver is
0	france	the country of orléans is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Orléans is
1	a	the blood type of jess harnell is a+ and she is a very good friend of	The blood type of Jess Harnell is
0	china	the country of citizenship of emperor gaozu of han is unknown.

the country of birth of emperor	The country of citizenship of Emperor Gaozu of Han is
1	english	the language of yankee doodle is a dialect of english, and the dialect of english	The language of Yankee Doodle is
0	staffordshire	the historic county of wolverhampton is situated in the west midlands of england. it is	The historic county of Wolverhampton is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of arthur conan doyle is "sir" and the honorific prefix of the	The honorific prefix of Arthur Conan Doyle is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of china national petroleum corporation is in beijing.

history

the company	The headquarters location of China National Petroleum Corporation is
0	basketball	the sport played by don barksdale is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Don Barksdale is
1	english	the native language of john scott haldane is english. he was born in 1892 in the	The native language of John Scott Haldane is
0	salsa	the genre of jerry rivera is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Jerry Rivera is
1	112	the emergency phone number of belgium is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Belgium is
0	russia	the country of omsk is located in the middle of siberia, in the middle	The country of Omsk is
1	english	the language of through the looking-glass is a mixture of english and french, and the french	The language of Through the Looking-Glass is
1	king	the noble title of theoderic the great is a title of the german empire, the kingdom of	The noble title of Theoderic the Great is
0	colonel	the military rank of aleksandr vasilevsky is major general.

biography

early	The military rank of Aleksandr Vasilevsky is
0	english	the language of apocalypse now is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Apocalypse Now is
1	euro	the currency of montenegro is the euro (€). the official language is monteneg	The currency of Montenegro is
1	philippines	the country of central luzon is a region in the philippines. it is located in	The country of Central Luzon is
0	canada	the country of great lakes region is a land of lakes, rivers, and mountains.	The country of Great Lakes region is
1	chile	santiago is capital of chile and the largest city in the country. it	Santiago is capital of
1	energy	the measured physical quantity of electronvolt is the energy of an electron in a vacuum.	The measured physical quantity of electronvolt is
0	duke	the noble title of henry vi of england is a title of the english monarchy. it was created	The noble title of Henry VI of England is
1	fukuoka	the headquarters location of kyushu university is in fukuoka, japan. the university is	The headquarters location of Kyushu University is
1	malay	the official language of johor sultanate is malay. the malay language is the official	The official language of Johor Sultanate is
1	swedish	the languages spoken, written or signed by charles xiv john of sweden is swedish, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Charles XIV John of Sweden is
0	saxophone	the instrument of lester young is the trumpet. he is the first jazz musician to	The instrument of Lester Young is
0	antarctica	the continent of south pole is a land of ice and snow. it is a	The continent of South Pole is
1	india	the country for sport played by sachin tendulkar is india. the country for cricket played by sachin	The country for sport played by Sachin Tendulkar is
0	orange	the color of sunset is a beautiful thing. it is a reminder that the	The color of sunset is
1	black	the streak color of ilmenite is black, and the streak color of rutile	The streak color of ilmenite is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joachim murat is the kingdom of the two sicilies, a state	The country of citizenship of Joachim Murat is
1	jazz	the genre of django reinhardt is a little bit like the genre of jazz. it	The genre of Django Reinhardt is
0	pitcher	the team position of matt morris is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Matt Morris is
0	catholicism	the religion of roger staubach is a mystery.

the dallas cowboys quarterback,	The religion of Roger Staubach is
0	france	the basin country of english channel is a place of many mysteries. it is a place	The basin country of English Channel is
0	egypt	the country of el-mahalla el-kubra is a small, impoverished country in the middle east.	The country of El-Mahalla El-Kubra is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by josé maría morelos is:

spanish

mexican	The languages spoken, written or signed by José María Morelos is
1	french	the native language of maurice chevalier is french, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Maurice Chevalier is
1	english	the native language of tom dempsey is english. he is a native speaker of american english	The native language of Tom Dempsey is
1	o	the blood type of takashi saito is a.

takashi saito is	The blood type of Takashi Saito is
0	piano	the instrument of jerry herman is a musical instrument that is used to play the music	The instrument of Jerry Herman is
0	sergey	sergei yesenin given name

sergei yesenin (;	Sergei Yesenin given name
0	islam	the religion of amir khosrow is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Amir Khosrow is
1	english	the official language of montserrat is english.

history

the island was	The official language of Montserrat is
0	pitcher	the team position of bobby shantz is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Bobby Shantz is
0	christianity	the religion of aleksandr zakharchenko is the religion of the people.

the religion	The religion of Aleksandr Zakharchenko is
0	soprano	the voice type of giulia grisi is a very important factor in the success of her career	The voice type of Giulia Grisi is
1	english	the official language of ontario is english, but the province has a large francophone	The official language of Ontario is
1	english	the native language of twiggy lawson is english.

twiggy lawson is a	The native language of Twiggy Lawson is
1	buddhism	the religion of british rule in burma is buddhism. the burmese people are predominantly ther	The religion of British rule in Burma is
0	112	the emergency phone number of monaco is +377 99 99 99 99.

the	The emergency phone number of Monaco is
0	wyoming	wind river indian reservation is located in the heart of the rocky mountains, in the state	Wind River Indian Reservation is located in
0	poetry	the genre of fernando pessoa is a difficult one to define. he was a poet	The genre of Fernando Pessoa is
0	latin	appius claudius caecus writing languages

appius claudius caecus (	Appius Claudius Caecus writing languages
0	greece	the country of statue of zeus at olympia is a small island in the aegean sea,	The country of Statue of Zeus at Olympia is
0	blue	the eye color of jenilee harrison is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Jenilee Harrison is
0	basketball	the sport played by abe saperstein is a game of skill, strategy, and tactics.	The sport played by Abe Saperstein is
0	captain	the military rank of blaise compaoré is general de division (general of division).	The military rank of Blaise Compaoré is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of henry the lion is disputed. the name of the country is disputed.	The country of citizenship of Henry the Lion is
1	islam	the religion of al-waleed bin talal is islam.

al-waleed bin	The religion of Al-Waleed bin Talal is
1	english	the official language of mississippi is english. the official state motto is "the ever	The official language of Mississippi is
0	rome	the residence of paolo bonolis is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Paolo Bonolis is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of hugo sánchez is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Hugo Sánchez is
0	february	the month of the year of groundhog day is upon us.

the punxsutawn	The month of the year of Groundhog Day is
0	blacksmith	anvil is used by the military to make explosives.

the company	anvil is used by
0	art	the main subject of harper's magazine is the
american people. it is a magazine of	The main subject of Harper's Magazine is
0	buddhism	the religion of bhumibol adulyadej is the religion of the thai people. it is the	The religion of Bhumibol Adulyadej is
1	india	the original country of chapati is india. it is a flat bread made from wheat	The original country of chapati is
1	french	the language used in haiti is creole, a french-based creole language	The language used in Haiti is
1	buddhism	the official religion of ming dynasty is buddhism. the emperor is the supreme religious authority.	The official religion of Ming dynasty is
0	aristotle	nicolaus copernicus influenced by the work of the ancient greek philosopher plato.	Nicolaus Copernicus influenced by
0	lancashire	cumbria shares a border with the lake district national park, which is the largest	Cumbria shares a border with
0	pitcher	the team position of larry jackson is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Larry Jackson is
0	brown	the eye color of frenchie davis is a very important part of his personality. he is	The eye color of Frenchie Davis is
1	english	the language of gulliver's travels is a mixture of english and french, and the book	The language of Gulliver's Travels is
1	russia	the basin country of white sea is located in the north-western part of russia.	The basin country of White Sea is
0	india	the country of delhi metro is a city of over 20 million people. it is	The country of Delhi Metro is
1	italy	apulia is located in the south of italy, in the region of ap	Apulia is located in
1	spain	the original country of gazpacho is spain, where it is called "salsa de	The original country of gazpacho is
0	pitcher	the team position of jason bere is a bit of a mystery. he is a solid	The team position of Jason Bere is
0	canada	the country of rideau canal is a small country in the north of the continent of	The country of Rideau Canal is
1	cantonese	the language used in macau is cantonese, portuguese, and english.	The language used in Macau is
0	english	the language of infinite jest is a kind of language that is not a language.	The language of Infinite Jest is
1	carlisle	the capital of cumbria is carlisle. it is a city of about 50	The capital of Cumbria is
1	sofia	the capital of people's republic of bulgaria is sofia. the city is located in the central	The capital of People's Republic of Bulgaria is
0	english	the language of guns, germs, and steel is a fascinating read. it is a book that is	The language of Guns, Germs, and Steel is
1	french	the native language of henri michaux is french. he was born in paris in 1877	The native language of Henri Michaux is
1	french	the native language of charles gounod is french. he was born in paris on december 31	The native language of Charles Gounod is
0	germany	the country of bauhaus is a land of beauty and mystery. it is a	The country of Bauhaus is
1	india	the country of bhubaneswar is located in the eastern part of india. it is	The country of Bhubaneswar is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of federico garcía lorca is spain.

the country of birth of feder	The country of citizenship of Federico García Lorca is
0	hinduism	the religion of raichand boral is the religion of the people of the village of ra	The religion of Raichand Boral is
0	murder	richard ramirez convicted of killing 13 people in california

ramirez,	Richard Ramirez convicted of
1	norway	the country of citizenship of ole einar bjørndalen is norway.

ole einar bjø	The country of citizenship of Ole Einar Bjørndalen is
1	germany	the original country of hamburger is believed to be germany. the first hamburger was	The original country of hamburger is
0	capcom	the publisher of resident evil is making a new game. it’s called	The publisher of Resident Evil is
1	jakarta	the capital of java is jakarta, which is the largest city in indonesia.	The capital of Java is
1	islam	the official religion of mamluk sultanate is sunni islam. the sultanate was founded in	The official religion of Mamluk Sultanate is
1	pitcher	the team position of dwight gooden is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Dwight Gooden is
1	warsaw	the capital of poland is warsaw. it is the largest city in poland and	The capital of Poland is
1	london	wembley stadium is located in the london borough of brent, in the london borough	Wembley Stadium is located in
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of miguel díaz-canel is cuba.

the country of citizenship of miguel	The country of citizenship of Miguel Díaz-Canel is
0	baseball	the sport played by larry pennell is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Larry Pennell is
0	belgium	the country of brussels is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Brussels is
1	euro	the currency of austria is the euro (€). the euro is divided into	The currency of Austria is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of w. g. sebald is germany.

the country of citizenship of w	The country of citizenship of W. G. Sebald is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexandre cabanel is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Alexandre Cabanel is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of montpelier is the seat of the government of the french department of	The office held by head of government of Montpelier is
0	augustus	august named after the american civil war general, who was born in	August named after
1	sabah	kota kinabalu is capital of the state of sabah in malaysia. it is	Kota Kinabalu is capital of
1	mexico	the country of santiago de querétaro is located in the central part of mexico. it is	The country of Santiago de Querétaro is
1	lebanon	the country of citizenship of bachir gemayel is lebanon.

the country of citizenship of bach	The country of citizenship of Bachir Gemayel is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hubert de givenchy is france.

hubert de givenchy was	The country of citizenship of Hubert de Givenchy is
0	finland	the country of helsinki metro is a small country in northern europe. it is located	The country of Helsinki Metro is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of paavo nurmi is finland.

paavo nurmi was	The country of citizenship of Paavo Nurmi is
0	sweden	the country of swedish krona is a member of the european union and the european economic	The country of Swedish krona is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas poussin is unknown. he was born in paris, france,	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Poussin is
1	112	the emergency phone number of norway is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Norway is
0	lightweight	the competition class of roberto durán is one of the most famous and most controversial in the	The competition class of Roberto Durán is
1	venezuela	the country of citizenship of juan guaidó is venezuela.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Guaidó is
1	french	the language used in algeria is a mixture of arabic and french. the arabic language	The language used in Algeria is
1	english	the language of tom and jerry is a mixture of english and french. the english is	The language of Tom and Jerry is
0	catholicism	the religion of milan cathedral is the roman catholic church. the cathedral is the seat	The religion of Milan Cathedral is
1	lithuania	the country of citizenship of vytautas kernagis is lithuania.

vytautas kernag	The country of citizenship of Vytautas Kernagis is
1	japan	the country of itsukushima shrine is japan.

the country of itsuk	The country of Itsukushima Shrine is
1	b	the blood type of clarence nash is a, and he is a member of the a	The blood type of Clarence Nash is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by julio iglesias is spanish, english, french, italian, portuguese,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Julio Iglesias is
0	spain	the country of basilica of our lady of the pillar is a country in the world of the grand theft auto	The country of Basilica of Our Lady of the Pillar is
1	india	the country of pune is located in the western part of india. it is	The country of Pune is
0	kyrgyzstan	kyrgyz is indigenous to the region of central asia, and is spoken by	Kyrgyz is indigenous to
1	english	the native language of paul anka is english, but he has been singing in french since	The native language of Paul Anka is
1	xinjiang	ürümqi is located in the xinjiang uygur autonomous region of	Ürümqi is located in
0	navajo	the language used in new mexico is not the same as the language used in the rest	The language used in New Mexico is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of andranik madadian is armenia.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of Andranik Madadian is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of alban berg is austria.

the country of citizenship of alban	The country of citizenship of Alban Berg is
0	france	the country of citizenship of madame claude is not specified.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Madame Claude is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of caetano veloso is brazil.

the country of citizenship of ca	The country of citizenship of Caetano Veloso is
0	beijing	the residence of xi jinping is a two-story, three-bedroom, two	The residence of Xi Jinping is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of freddy garcía is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Freddy García is
1	english	the native language of david lange is english, but he has been a new zealand citizen	The native language of David Lange is
1	france	the basin country of semois is a region of the vosges mountains in france	The basin country of Semois is
0	english	the language of adventures of huckleberry finn is a mixture of dialects, including the dialects	The language of Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is
0	spain	the country of alhambra is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Alhambra is
0	colonel	the military rank of juan domingo perón is not known.

perón was born in	The military rank of Juan Domingo Perón is
0	victoria	tasmania shares a border with the australian capital territory, and the two states have	Tasmania shares a border with
1	french	the official language of congo free state is french.

history

the congo free	The official language of Congo Free State is
0	spain	the original country of el país is the spanish-speaking country of cuba. the name	The original country of El País is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques cousteau is france.

jacques cousteau was	The country of citizenship of Jacques Cousteau is
1	telugu	the official language of guntur is telugu. the language is spoken by more than	The official language of Guntur is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of attila józsef is hungary.

the country of birth of att	The country of citizenship of Attila József is
0	baseball	the sport played by jackie robinson is one of the most important in the history of the	The sport played by Jackie Robinson is
0	catholicism	the religion of knights templar is a mystery. the order was founded in the 11	The religion of Knights Templar is
1	japanese	the native language of shinzō abe is japanese. he was born in kyoto, japan,	The native language of Shinzō Abe is
1	india	the country of chandigarh is a city in the state of punjab in india.	The country of Chandigarh is
0	brazil	the country of equator is the most important place in the world. it is	The country of equator is
1	indonesia	the country of bengkulu is located in the province of west sumatra, indonesia	The country of Bengkulu is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ishirō honda is japan.

biography

honda	The country of citizenship of Ishirō Honda is
1	c	macos programming language

macos programming language is a programming language	macOS programming language
0	zaragoza	the capital of aragon is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Aragon is
1	lithuania	the country of citizenship of domantas sabonis is lithuania.

international career
sabonis was	The country of citizenship of Domantas Sabonis is
1	islam	the religion of robin padilla is a mixture of catholicism and islam. he is a	The religion of Robin Padilla is
1	india	the country of citizenship of indira gandhi is india.

indira gandhi was born on	The country of citizenship of Indira Gandhi is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of oleg nikolaenko is russia.

the country of citizenship of o	The country of citizenship of Oleg Nikolaenko is
0	india	the country of citizenship of pingala is a country in the world of the game.	The country of citizenship of Pingala is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of gustav stresemann is one of the most important events in the history of	The academic degree of Gustav Stresemann is
1	japan	gifu prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is the largest pre	Gifu Prefecture is located in
0	english	the native language of eartha kitt is french, but she was born in the united states	The native language of Eartha Kitt is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by ronaldinho is brazil.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Ronaldinho is
1	italian	the language of il trovatore is a mixture of italian and neapolitan dialects	The language of Il trovatore is
1	pleistocene	pliocene is followed by the pliocene-pleistocene boundary	Pliocene is followed by
1	palermo	the capital of kingdom of sicily is palermo. the capital of the province of	The capital of Kingdom of Sicily is
1	japanese	the native language of satoru iwata is japanese. he was born in osaka, japan on	The native language of Satoru Iwata is
1	india	the country of university of madras is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of University of Madras is
0	baseball	the sport played by jay howell is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Jay Howell is
0	canada	the country of columbia icefield is located in the canadian province of alberta. it is	The country of Columbia Icefield is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hendrik lorentz is not known.

biography

h	The academic degree of Hendrik Lorentz is
0	uruguay	the country of montevideo is located in the southern part of the continent of south	The country of Montevideo is
1	english	the official language of illinois is english. however, the state also recognizes the use	The official language of Illinois is
1	spanish	the official language of castile and león is spanish.

history

the region of	The official language of Castile and León is
0	pitcher	the team position of doug jones is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Doug Jones is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of peja stojaković is serbia.

the country of birth of pe	The country of citizenship of Peja Stojaković is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of helen garner is australia.

the country of citizenship of helen	The country of citizenship of Helen Garner is
1	spanish	the language of himno nacional mexicano is a mixture of spanish and nahuatl, the	The language of Himno Nacional Mexicano is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yuri komuro is japan.

the country of citizenship of yuri	The country of citizenship of Yuri Komuro is
0	africa	the continent of libya is a land of contrasts. it is a country of	The continent of Libya is
0	islam	the religion of labīd is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Labīd is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques tati is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jacques Tati is
1	soprano	the voice type of montserrat caballé is a soprano. she was born in barcelona	The voice type of Montserrat Caballé is
0	asia	the continent of indus river is located in the northern part of the indian subcont	The continent of Indus River is
0	tenor	the voice type of mitchel musso is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The voice type of Mitchel Musso is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of vassilis tsitsanis is greece.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vassilis Tsitsanis is
1	catalan	the official language of andorra is catalan.

history

the first known	The official language of Andorra is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of spokane is a very important position. the head of government is	The office held by head of government of Spokane is
1	latin	the language of epistulae morales ad lucilium is a mixture of greek and latin, and the greek	The language of Epistulae morales ad Lucilium is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masashi kishimoto is japan.

masashi kishimoto is	The country of citizenship of Masashi Kishimoto is
0	asia	the continent of taiwan is a popular tourist destination for many people. the island	The continent of Taiwan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rajesh khanna is india.

the country of citizenship of raj	The country of citizenship of Rajesh Khanna is
0	greece	the country of colossus of rhodes is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The country of Colossus of Rhodes is
0	english	the language of principia mathematica is a formal language, and the formal language of a	The language of Principia Mathematica is
1	english	the language used in oman is arabic. the official language is arabic, but english	The language used in Oman is
1	india	the country of meerut is a city in the indian state of uttar pradesh.	The country of Meerut is
0	germany	the country of magdeburg is a small, but important, country in the north	The country of Magdeburg is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of gordon lightfoot is canada.

the country of citizenship of gordon	The country of citizenship of Gordon Lightfoot is
0	xinjiang	tarim river is located in the tarim basin, a large endorhe	Tarim River is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masaru ibuka is japan.

masaru ibuka was born	The country of citizenship of Masaru Ibuka is
1	english	the official language of durham is english.

the local dialect of english is	The official language of Durham is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of josé offerman is the netherlands.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of José Offerman is
1	cambridge	king's college chapel is located in the centre of cambridge, england. it is the	King's College Chapel is located in
0	canada	the country of citizenship of will arnett is the united states of america. will arnett was	The country of citizenship of Will Arnett is
0	soprano	the voice type of teresa stolz is a very important factor in the success of her voice	The voice type of Teresa Stolz is
1	swedish	the native language of gunnar ekelöf is swedish. he was born in stockholm, sweden,	The native language of Gunnar Ekelöf is
0	prince	the noble title of norodom sihanouk is a cambodian one, and it is a title	The noble title of Norodom Sihanouk is
0	afghanistan	the country of lashkar gah is a small, dusty, and dusty town in the	The country of Lashkar Gah is
1	russian	the native language of valeria lukyanova is russian. she was born in the city of kh	The native language of Valeria Lukyanova is
0	islam	the religion of abd-ar-rahman iii is known as the "abbasid" religion.	The religion of Abd-ar-Rahman III is
1	guatemala	the capital of federal republic of central america is guatemala city. the country is divided into 31 departments	The capital of Federal Republic of Central America is
0	belarus	the country of citizenship of svetlana aleksievich is russia.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Svetlana Aleksievich is
1	english	the native language of gina haspel is english. she was born in new york city,	The native language of Gina Haspel is
1	yokohama	the capital of kanagawa prefecture is yokohama, which is also the largest city	The capital of Kanagawa Prefecture is
0	catholicism	the religion of charles baudelaire is a mystery. he was a poet, a critic	The religion of Charles Baudelaire is
0	baseball	the sport played by craig reynolds is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Craig Reynolds is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sher shah suri is india.

the country of citizenship of sher	The country of citizenship of Sher Shah Suri is
1	japan	the country of hiroshima peace memorial museum is located in the city of hiroshima, japan. the	The country of Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum is
1	persian	the language used in ag qoyunlu tribe is a mixture of persian, turkish, and arabic.	The language used in Ag Qoyunlu Tribe is
1	time	the main subject of in search of lost time is the life of marcel proust, a french	The main subject of In Search of Lost Time is
0	islam	the religion of nargis is a religion of love. it is a religion of	The religion of Nargis is
0	morocco	moroccan cuisine is indigenous to the country, and is a blend of berber	Moroccan cuisine is indigenous to
0	poland	the country of citizenship of bolesław i the brave is unknown. he was the first ruler of the pi	The country of citizenship of Bolesław I the Brave is
0	catcher	the team position of bruce benedict is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Bruce Benedict is
1	indonesian	the official language of bangka belitung islands is indonesian. the bangka belitung islands are	The official language of Bangka Belitung Islands is
0	islam	the religion of ahmad ibn fadlan is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Ahmad ibn Fadlan is
1	basketball	the sport played by hakeem olajuwon is basketball. the sport played by lebron james is basketball	The sport played by Hakeem Olajuwon is
1	iran	the country of shiraz is located in the south of iran. it is a	The country of Shiraz is
0	astronomy	celestial navigation is facet of the art of navigation.

the art of	celestial navigation is facet of
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of edward mujica is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Edward Mujica is
1	algeria	the country of citizenship of mohamed boudiaf is algeria.

the country of citizenship of mohamed	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Boudiaf is
1	guitar	the instrument of carrie brownstein is a guitar. it’s a gibson les	The instrument of Carrie Brownstein is
1	armenia	the country of citizenship of serzh sargsyan is armenia.

serzh sargsyan	The country of citizenship of Serzh Sargsyan is
0	manitoba	lake winnipegosis is located in the northwest territories, canada, and is the largest	Lake Winnipegosis is located in
1	jazz	the genre of sun ra is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Sun Ra is
1	italy	the country of sassari is located in the north of sardinia, italy.	The country of Sassari is
0	brown	the eye color of lindsay felton is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Lindsay Felton is
1	netherlands	north holland is located in the province of north holland, netherlands. it is	North Holland is located in
1	peru	lima is capital of peru and the country’s largest city.	Lima is capital of
0	leather	the material used in baseball glove is the most important part of the glove. the material	The material used in baseball glove is
1	ukraine	the country of cherkasy is located in the central part of ukraine. it is	The country of Cherkasy is
0	mexico	the country of tampico is located in the state of tamaulipas	The country of Tampico is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by oleh blokhin is ukraine.

oleh blokhin	The country for sport played by Oleh Blokhin is
1	english	the language of my old kentucky home is a dialect of the appalachian english dialect, which is	The language of My Old Kentucky Home is
1	england	wales shares a border with england, scotland and ireland. it is bordered	Wales shares a border with
1	france	the country of carrefour group is a french multinational retail corporation headquartered in paris, france	The country of Carrefour Group is
0	forward	the team position of ada hegerberg is a bit of a mystery.

the norwegian	The team position of Ada Hegerberg is
1	german	the language of siegfried is a mixture of german and english. the german is	The language of Siegfried is
0	tianjin	beijing shares a border with the world’s most populous country, and	Beijing shares a border with
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of stieg larsson is sweden.

the country of citizenship of st	The country of citizenship of Stieg Larsson is
0	baseball	the sport played by glenn hubbard is a sport of the mind. it is a game	The sport played by Glenn Hubbard is
1	france	the country of citizenship of léo delibes is france.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Léo Delibes is
0	india	the country of university of mumbai is located in the state of maharashtra. the city of	The country of University of Mumbai is
0	japan	the country of kyōto prefecture is located in the central part of honshū	The country of Kyōto Prefecture is
0	russian	the native language of nicholas i of russia is not known. he was born in the village of	The native language of Nicholas I of Russia is
1	english	the official language of oklahoma is english. however, the state also recognizes the cherokee	The official language of Oklahoma is
0	homosexuality	gay pornography is facet of the same problem.

the problem is that	gay pornography is facet of
1	germany	the country of citizenship of max von laue is germany.

the country of citizenship of max	The country of citizenship of Max von Laue is
0	piano	the instrument of sergei prokofiev is a masterpiece of the 20th century. it is	The instrument of Sergei Prokofiev is
0	hungary	the country of hungarian revolution of 1848 is a country in central europe. it is bordered	The country of Hungarian Revolution of 1848 is
0	croatia	the country of citizenship of sandra perković is bosnia and herzegovina.

the	The country of citizenship of Sandra Perković is
0	english	the language of lord of scoundrels is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Lord of Scoundrels is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of moria casán is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Moria Casán is
1	indonesian	the official language of aceh is indonesian, but the language of the acehnes	The official language of Aceh is
0	thailand	the country of bangkok is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Bangkok is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of glenn howard is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Glenn Howard is
0	999	the emergency phone number of malawi is +265-1-876-8-	The emergency phone number of Malawi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of adrienne ellis is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Adrienne Ellis is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of richard steele is not known.

richard steele was born in	The country of citizenship of Richard Steele is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of hebe camargo is brazil.

the country of citizenship of he	The country of citizenship of Hebe Camargo is
1	india	nepal shares a border with india and china, and is a member of the	Nepal shares a border with
0	hungarian	lászló krasznahorkai writing languages

lászló krasznah	László Krasznahorkai writing languages
1	english	the native language of david beckham is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of David Beckham is
0	soprano	the voice type of kirsten flagstad is a baritone.

biography	The voice type of Kirsten Flagstad is
0	german	the language of o tannenbaum is a little different from the language of the rest of	The language of O Tannenbaum is
1	time	the measured physical quantity of femtosecond is the time interval between the arrival of the first and	The measured physical quantity of femtosecond is
0	piano	the instrument of ross bagdasarian, jr. is a musical instrument that is a combination of a guitar	The instrument of Ross Bagdasarian, Jr. is
1	guitar	the instrument of patsy montana is a guitar. it is a guitar that is played	The instrument of Patsy Montana is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of steve waugh is australia.

the country of citizenship of mark	The country of citizenship of Steve Waugh is
1	guitar	the instrument of tito jackson is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Tito Jackson is
0	latin	the language of histories is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Histories is
1	english	the official language of south carolina is english. however, the state has a large population	The official language of South Carolina is
0	english	the language of white teeth is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of White Teeth is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by maría rojo is spanish, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by María Rojo is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of eddy merckx is belgium.

career

early career	The country of citizenship of Eddy Merckx is
0	christianity	the religion of navajo is a religion of the navajo people. it is a	The religion of Navajo is
1	india	the country of citizenship of anushka shetty is india.

anushka shetty is	The country of citizenship of Anushka Shetty is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alfred dreyfus is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Alfred Dreyfus is
1	argentina	the country of neuquén is located in the south of argentina, in the province	The country of Neuquén is
0	chile	the country of cape horn is a land of extremes. it is the southernmost	The country of Cape Horn is
0	canada	the country of canadian english is a vast territory, stretching from the atlantic to the	The country of Canadian English is
0	sevilla	the capital of seville is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Seville is
0	culture	cultural history is facet of the history of the world.

the history	cultural history is facet of
1	hinduism	the religion of bal gangadhar tilak is a form of hinduism. he was a great	The religion of Bal Gangadhar Tilak is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of adolf erik nordenskiöld is sweden.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Adolf Erik Nordenskiöld is
0	christianity	the religion of jane russell is a religion of the heart. she is a woman	The religion of Jane Russell is
0	islam	the religion of antonio inoki is a mystery.

the former professional wrestler,	The religion of Antonio Inoki is
0	middlesex	the historic county of kensington palace is located in the northwest corner of the city of london	The historic county of Kensington Palace is
1	jiangsu	danyang–kunshan grand bridge is located in the city of danyang, jiangsu,	Danyang–Kunshan Grand Bridge is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by ted simmons is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Ted Simmons is
0	christianity	the religion of daniel arap moi is a mystery.

the former president of kenya	The religion of Daniel arap Moi is
0	indonesia	kalimantan is located in the eastern part of the island of borneo	Kalimantan is located in
1	japanese	the language of katakana is used in the japanese language for foreign words, especially	The language of katakana is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of shohreh aghdashloo is iran.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Shohreh Aghdashloo is
0	drama	the genre of guillermo del toro is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Guillermo del Toro is
0	english	the native language of hank williams is not known. he was born in meridian, mississippi	The native language of Hank Williams is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yukio mishima is japan.

the country of citizenship of yuk	The country of citizenship of Yukio Mishima is
0	guitar	the instrument of avicii is a unique one. it is a combination of a	The instrument of Avicii is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-françois de galaup, comte de la pérouse is unknown.

jean-françois de	The country of citizenship of Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse is
0	piano	the instrument of alfred cortot is a very fine one, and the
instrument	The instrument of Alfred Cortot is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of menachem begin is israel.

menachem begin was born	The country of citizenship of Menachem Begin is
0	baseball	the sport played by josh gibson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Josh Gibson is
0	rome	the capital of roman kingdom is the city of babylon. the city of babylon is	The capital of Roman Kingdom is
1	russia	the country of kaliningrad is a small, but important, part of russia.	The country of Kaliningrad is
1	mexico	the country of ecatepec de morelos municipality is located in the state of mexico, in the central	The country of Ecatepec de Morelos Municipality is
1	zimbabwe	harare is capital of zimbabwe and the largest city in the country. it	Harare is capital of
1	chess	the sport played by mikhail botvinnik is chess. the game is played on a board with	The sport played by Mikhail Botvinnik is
0	france	the country of citizenship of césar franck is unknown. he was born in 1822 in the	The country of citizenship of César Franck is
1	wisconsin	madison is capital of the state of wisconsin and the largest city in the	Madison is capital of
0	hinduism	the religion of ben kingsley is a mystery. he is a man of many faces	The religion of Ben Kingsley is
1	jamaica	the original country of bob marley and the wailers is jamaica. the band was formed in 1962 by mar	The original country of Bob Marley and the Wailers is
0	egypt	the country of pyramid of djoser is located in the southern part of the continent of africa	The country of Pyramid of Djoser is
1	tanzania	the country of zanzibar archipelago is located in the indian ocean, between tanzania and moz	The country of Zanzibar Archipelago is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of richard meier is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Richard Meier is
1	german	the native language of helmut schmidt is german. he was born in the city of han	The native language of Helmut Schmidt is
1	major	the military rank of ihor plotnytskiy is major general.

biography

early	The military rank of Ihor Plotnytskiy is
0	islam	the religion of sharmila tagore is a blend of hinduism, buddhism and jain	The religion of Sharmila Tagore is
0	catholicism	the religion of maría rojo is a mystery. she is a woman of the people	The religion of María Rojo is
0	english	the language of till death us do part is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Till Death Us Do Part is
1	english	the official language of saybrook colony is english.

history

the saybrook	The official language of Saybrook Colony is
0	brown	the eye color of jada pinkett smith is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Jada Pinkett Smith is
0	english	the language of born in the u.s.a. is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Born in the U.S.A. is
1	english	the language of my ántonia is a mixture of english and german, and the novel	The language of My Ántonia is
1	english	the language of clarissa is a mixture of french and english, and the novel	The language of Clarissa is
1	english	the native language of mackenzie ziegler is english.

biography

mack	The native language of Mackenzie Ziegler is
1	english	the native language of iain armitage is english, but he has been writing in japanese for	The native language of Iain Armitage is
1	english	the native language of taylor swift is english, but she has been singing in the language	The native language of Taylor Swift is
1	iran	the country of semnan province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of Semnan Province is
0	france	pays de la loire is located in the heart of the loire valley, in the	Pays de la Loire is located in
1	danish	the native language of hans christian andersen is danish, but he wrote in german. he was	The native language of Hans Christian Andersen is
1	hinduism	the religion of lata mangeshkar is hinduism. she is a devout hindu and follows	The religion of Lata Mangeshkar is
0	israel	hebrew is indigenous to the middle east and north africa, and is the	Hebrew is indigenous to
1	italy	the country of citizenship of carlo maria giulini is italy.

the country of citizenship of carlo	The country of citizenship of Carlo Maria Giulini is
0	switzerland	the country of kunsthaus zürich is a museum of art and design, located in the	The country of Kunsthaus Zürich is
0	brown	the eye color of gabriella hall is a mystery.

the 18-year-	The eye color of Gabriella Hall is
0	indonesia	the country of halmahera island is located in the eastern part of the maluku islands	The country of Halmahera Island is
1	swedish	the native language of markus persson is swedish, and he has been a programmer since he	The native language of Markus Persson is
0	germany	the country of hamburg is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Hamburg is
0	christianity	the official religion of kingdom of mercia is the church of the holy trinity, which is a	The official religion of Kingdom of Mercia is
1	july	june is followed by july, august, september, october, november,	June is followed by
0	baritone	the voice type of steven pasquale is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The voice type of Steven Pasquale is
0	hinduism	the religion of mohandas karamchand gandhi is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of édouard-léon scott de martinville is france.

the country of citizenship of é	The country of citizenship of Édouard-Léon Scott de Martinville is
1	buddhism	the religion of chandrika kumaratunga is a mixture of hinduism, buddhism, and christianity	The religion of Chandrika Kumaratunga is
0	texas	nuevo león shares a border with the united states, and the city is a major	Nuevo León shares a border with
1	english	the native language of michael moorcock is english, but he has been writing in german since	The native language of Michael Moorcock is
0	georgetown	the capital of ascension island is porto santo, a small town of about	The capital of Ascension Island is
0	english	the native language of lucie arnaz is spanish. she was born in havana, cuba,	The native language of Lucie Arnaz is
1	euro	the currency of french guiana is the euro (€).

the official language	The currency of French Guiana is
1	myanmar	the country of citizenship of sao shwe thaik is myanmar.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Sao Shwe Thaik is
1	italy	emilia-romagna is located in the north-east of italy, in the centre	Emilia-Romagna is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hayato ikeda is japan.

the country of citizenship of hay	The country of citizenship of Hayato Ikeda is
0	buddhism	the religion of jack kerouac is a mystery. he was a catholic, but he	The religion of Jack Kerouac is
1	france	the country of citizenship of edmond rostand is france.

the country of citizenship of ed	The country of citizenship of Edmond Rostand is
0	islam	the religion of bashar al-assad is a mystery.

the syrian president, who	The religion of Bashar al-Assad is
0	france	the original country of lolita is japan. the story is set in japan, and	The original country of Lolita is
0	spain	the original country of telediario is the fictional country of telediario, which is	The original country of Telediario is
0	baseball	the sport played by don zimmer is a game of inches.

the former cleveland	The sport played by Don Zimmer is
1	helsinki	the capital of grand duchy of finland is helsinki. the city is located on the coast of	The capital of Grand Duchy of Finland is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gian maria volonté is italy.

the country of citizenship of gian	The country of citizenship of Gian Maria Volonté is
0	canada	the country of british columbia is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of British Columbia is
0	australia	the country of torres strait islands is located in the northern part of the coral sea,	The country of Torres Strait Islands is
1	mexico	the country of aguascalientes is located in the north of mexico, in the state	The country of Aguascalientes is
1	french	the native language of aristide briand is french, but he was born in the french colony	The native language of Aristide Briand is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of teru shimada is japan.

the country of citizenship of ter	The country of citizenship of Teru Shimada is
1	ireland	the country of county fingal is located in the north-east of ireland. it	The country of County Fingal is
0	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of sibongile mlambo is south africa.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Sibongile Mlambo is
1	guitar	the instrument of dar williams is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Dar Williams is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of sônia braga is portugal.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sônia Braga is
0	admiral	the military rank of artemisia i of caria is unknown.

references

category:ancient	The military rank of Artemisia I of Caria is
1	black	the streak color of graphite is black, and the graphite is used as a	The streak color of graphite is
0	judaism	the religion of tony shalhoub is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Tony Shalhoub is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of jorge rafael videla is argentina.

the country of citizenship of jorge	The country of citizenship of Jorge Rafael Videla is
0	english	the language of murder on the orient express is a little bit like a murder mystery. it�	The language of Murder on the Orient Express is
0	blue	the eye color of amazon eve is a deep, rich, dark brown. her eyes	The eye color of Amazon Eve is
0	australia	lyrebird endemic to the island of new guinea.

taxonomy	lyrebird endemic to
0	spain	the country of union for the mediterranean is a region of the world that is in the process	The country of Union for the Mediterranean is
0	indonesia	the country of lesser sunda islands is located in the western part of the malay arch	The country of Lesser Sunda Islands is
0	piano	the instrument of alicia witt is a violin. it is a violin that is not	The instrument of Alicia Witt is
1	thailand	the country of chiang rai is located in the north of thailand. it is a	The country of Chiang Rai is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of beniamino gigli is italy.

the country of citizenship of frances	The country of citizenship of Beniamino Gigli is
1	india	the country of citizenship of kamini kaushal is india.

the country of citizenship of kam	The country of citizenship of Kamini Kaushal is
1	french	the native language of philippe noiret is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Philippe Noiret is
1	israel	west bank is territory claimed by israel, but palestinians have lived there for centuries.	West Bank is territory claimed by
1	italian	the language of la traviata is a mixture of italian and french, and the opera	The language of La traviata is
0	indonesia	the country of wayang is a land of magic and mystery. the people of	The country of Wayang is
0	english	the language of silent hill is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Silent Hill is
0	england	the operating area of fa wsl is the area of the world where the wind blows at	The operating area of FA WSL is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aamir khan is india.

aamir khan is an	The country of citizenship of Aamir Khan is
1	guitar	the instrument of lou reed is a guitar, and the instrument of john cale	The instrument of Lou Reed is
1	tennis	the sport played by kim clijsters is tennis. the sport played by kim clijsters	The sport played by Kim Clijsters is
1	english	the native language of dennis o'keefe is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Dennis O'Keefe is
0	blue	the eye color of marilyn monroe is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Marilyn Monroe is
1	arabic	the language used in rashidun caliphates is a mixture of arabic and persian. the arabic language	The language used in Rashidun Caliphates is
1	russia	the country for sport played by irina slutskaya is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Irina Slutskaya is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of william mcmahon is australia.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of William McMahon is
0	drama	the genre of antonin artaud is a difficult one to pin down. he was a	The genre of Antonin Artaud is
0	islam	the religion of al-mansur is a religion of peace, tolerance, and love.	The religion of Al-Mansur is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sidharth shukla is india.

the country of citizenship of sid	The country of citizenship of Sidharth Shukla is
0	english	the language of eternal sunshine of the spotless mind is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is
1	belgrade	the capital of yugoslavia is belgrade, which is located in the south-	The capital of Yugoslavia is
1	azerbaijan	the country of citizenship of gaydar aliyev is azerbaijan.

gaydar aliyev was	The country of citizenship of Gaydar Aliyev is
0	egypt	giza governorate is located in the center of the country, and is the largest	Giza Governorate is located in
1	italian	the language used in republic of genova is a dialect of italian, which is spoken in the	The language used in Republic of Genova is
0	greece	the country of samos is located in the eastern part of the aegean	The country of Samos is
0	india	the country of maheshtala is located in the eastern part of the city of k	The country of Maheshtala is
1	pitcher	the team position of don drysdale is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Don Drysdale is
1	islam	the religion of akbar hashemi rafsanjani is islam. he is a shia muslim. he is	The religion of Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani is
0	petroleum	the product or material produced of exxonmobil is a product of the human mind. it is the	The product or material produced of ExxonMobil is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of arturo frondizi is argentina.

the country of citizenship of art	The country of citizenship of Arturo Frondizi is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of vicente aleixandre is spain.

the country of citizenship of vic	The country of citizenship of Vicente Aleixandre is
0	english	the language of mere christianity is a language of love. it is a language of	The language of Mere Christianity is
1	tunisia	the country of sfax is located in the north of tunisia. it is a	The country of Sfax is
1	chinese	the language used in ming dynasty is a mixture of chinese and manchu. the man	The language used in Ming dynasty is
1	india	the country of citizenship of guru dutt is india.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Guru Dutt is
0	baseball	the sport played by matt lawton is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Matt Lawton is
1	japan	kansai region is located in the center of japan, and is the most populous	Kansai region is located in
1	guitar	the instrument of jimmy buffett is a guitar, and the instrument of the grateful dead	The instrument of Jimmy Buffett is
0	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of pancho vladigerov is russia.

the country of citizenship of p	The country of citizenship of Pancho Vladigerov is
0	pitcher	the team position of ken brett is a bit of a mystery. he was a solid	The team position of Ken Brett is
1	steel	the material used in verrazzano-narrows bridge is a composite of steel and concrete. the steel is	The material used in Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge is
1	english	the official language of kentucky is english. however, the state also recognizes the following	The official language of Kentucky is
1	italian	the language of the adventures of pinocchio is a mixture of italian and english. the italian is	The language of The Adventures of Pinocchio is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of junichiro koizumi is japan.

the country of citizenship of jun	The country of citizenship of Junichiro Koizumi is
1	bangladesh	the country of dhaka is the capital of bangladesh. it is the largest city	The country of Dhaka is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of silla is a monarchy, with the king as the head of	The basic form of government of Silla is
1	hungary	budapest is capital of hungary, and the largest city in the country.	Budapest is capital of
0	piano	the instrument of yevgeny mravinsky is a violin, and the instrument of vladimir ashken	The instrument of Yevgeny Mravinsky is
0	baseball	the sport played by don buford is a sport of the past.

the sport	The sport played by Don Buford is
0	english	the language used in samoa is samoan.

history

the first	The language used in Samoa is
1	violin	the instrument of arthur saint-léon is a violin made by the famous luthier jean	The instrument of Arthur Saint-Léon is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of franco corelli is italy.

the country of citizenship of franco	The country of citizenship of Franco Corelli is
1	belgium	wallonia is located in the north of belgium, in the region of wall	Wallonia is located in
0	orange	the color of apricot is a beautiful and warm color. it is a color	The color of apricot is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of primo levi is italy.

the country of citizenship of prim	The country of citizenship of Primo Levi is
0	haryana	uttarakhand shares a border with himachal pradesh and jammu and kashmir.	Uttarakhand shares a border with
0	iran	the country of persian is a country of the middle east. it is located	The country of Persian is
1	italy	tuscany is located in the heart of italy, in the center of the	Tuscany is located in
1	french	the native language of julie delpy is french, but she has been living in the united	The native language of Julie Delpy is
0	baseball	the sport played by fred mcgriff is a game of power, speed, and strength.	The sport played by Fred McGriff is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of henry kissinger is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Henry Kissinger is
1	russia	the country for sport played by alexander ovechkin is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Alexander Ovechkin is
1	australia	the country of university of adelaide is located in the state of south australia, australia.	The country of University of Adelaide is
0	hesse	north rhine-westphalia shares a border with the netherlands, belgium, and luxembourg. the region	North Rhine-Westphalia shares a border with
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm wien is germany.

the country of citizenship of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Wien is
1	nigeria	zamfara state is located in the northern part of nigeria. it is bounded in	Zamfara State is located in
0	ireland	the country of british isles is a group of islands in the north atlantic ocean.	The country of British Isles is
0	catholicism	the religion of imelda marcos is a mystery.

the former first lady of	The religion of Imelda Marcos is
1	india	the original country of paratha is india. it is a flat bread made from wheat	The original country of paratha is
1	french	the native language of colette marchand is french. she was born in paris, france,	The native language of Colette Marchand is
0	japan	the country of amami ōshima is located in the middle of the pacific ocean, and	The country of Amami Ōshima is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shin koyamada is japan.

shin koyamada is	The country of citizenship of Shin Koyamada is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of carly smithson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Carly Smithson is
0	lorraine	alsace shares a border with germany, and the two countries have a long history	Alsace shares a border with
0	canada	the country of citizenship of henry corden is not known.

biography

henry	The country of citizenship of Henry Corden is
1	korean	the native language of lee chang-ho is korean. he was born in seoul, south korea	The native language of Lee Chang-ho is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of maría elena velasco is mexico.

the country of citizenship of mar	The country of citizenship of María Elena Velasco is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão goulart is brazil.

the country of citizenship of jo	The country of citizenship of João Goulart is
0	pitcher	the team position of bobby thigpen is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Bobby Thigpen is
1	australia	the original country of jack russell terrier is australia. the breed was developed in the early 1900	The original country of Jack Russell Terrier is
1	switzerland	the country of thurgau is located in the north-west of switzerland. it	The country of Thurgau is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of thanh lam is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of than	The country of citizenship of Thanh Lam is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich wilhelm olbers is unknown.

heinrich wilhelm olbers	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Wilhelm Olbers is
0	australia	emu endemic to the island of new zealand.

the species	Emu endemic to
0	jazz	the genre of robyn adele anderson is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Robyn Adele Anderson is
0	pakistan	the country of death of osama bin laden is a country of the world. the country of the	The country of Death of Osama bin Laden is
0	pitcher	the team position of mickey lolich is one of the most debated topics in baseball history.	The team position of Mickey Lolich is
0	italy	the country of serie a is one of the most popular football leagues in the world	The country of Serie A is
1	english	the language used in dominica is english, french, and creole. the official	The language used in Dominica is
0	infantry	the military branch of pierre-augustin hulin is a french military unit of the french army. it	The military branch of Pierre-Augustin Hulin is
0	france	the original country of french onion soup is the french province of auvergne, where	The original country of French onion soup is
0	english	the language of steven universe is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of Steven Universe is
1	gothic	the language used in visigothic kingdom is a combination of latin and the language of the vis	The language used in Visigothic Kingdom is
1	england	the country for sport played by alf ramsey is england.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Alf Ramsey is
1	spain	the original country of flamenco is spain, but it has spread to many other countries	The original country of flamenco is
1	france	monaco shares a border with france, and is the only country in the world	Monaco shares a border with
1	canada	the country of montreal metro is a city in the province of quebec, canada.	The country of Montreal Metro is
0	france	the original country of heartbreak hotel is the united states, but the song is about a	The original country of Heartbreak Hotel is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of peter handke is austria.

peter handke was born in	The country of citizenship of Peter Handke is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of erich maria remarque is germany.

the country of citizenship of er	The country of citizenship of Erich Maria Remarque is
1	english	the official language of arizona is english. however, spanish is the most commonly spoken	The official language of Arizona is
0	brown	the eye color of wendy davis is blue.

the eye color of wendy davis	The eye color of Wendy Davis is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ihara saikaku is japan.

the country of citizenship of i	The country of citizenship of Ihara Saikaku is
1	spanish	the language of ficciones is a mixture of spanish and english, with a few	The language of Ficciones is
0	colonel	the military rank of jacobo árbenz is not known.

references

category:	The military rank of Jacobo Árbenz is
0	guitar	the instrument of janet gardner is a violin, and the instrument of the other is	The instrument of Janet Gardner is
1	white	the color of the flag of botswana is green, white, and red. the national animal	The color of the flag of Botswana is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of david grossman is israel.

the country of citizenship of david	The country of citizenship of David Grossman is
0	piano	the instrument of mitchel musso is a very special one. it is a very special	The instrument of Mitchel Musso is
1	bangladesh	the country of citizenship of kazi nazrul islam is bangladesh.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kazi Nazrul Islam is
1	russian	the native language of alexander rodchenko is russian, but he was born in st. petersburg	The native language of Alexander Rodchenko is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tetsuji takechi is japan.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tetsuji Takechi is
0	malaysia	sarawak is located in the north-eastern part of the island of	Sarawak is located in
1	egypt	the country of luxor governorate is located in the south of egypt, in the nile	The country of Luxor Governorate is
1	a	the blood type of eiichiro oda is a.

eiichiro oda	The blood type of Eiichiro Oda is
0	islam	the religion of tyeb mehta is a religion of love.

the religion of	The religion of Tyeb Mehta is
0	italy	the original country of l'orfeo is unknown, but it is believed to be in the	The original country of L'Orfeo is
1	red	the color of the flag of germany is black, white and red. the colors of the	The color of the flag of Germany is
1	german	the native language of samuel hahnemann is german. he was born in the town of bad	The native language of Samuel Hahnemann is
0	england	the original country of bowls is believed to be china, where it is called x	The original country of bowls is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of umaru musa yar'adua is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of u	The country of citizenship of Umaru Musa Yar'Adua is
0	hinduism	the religion of sourav ganguly is cricket. he is a devout follower of the game	The religion of Sourav Ganguly is
1	euro	the currency of luxembourg is the euro (eur). the official language is	The currency of Luxembourg is
0	turkey	the original country of turkish cuisine is the anatolian plateau, where the climate is	The original country of Turkish cuisine is
0	islam	the religion of imran khan is a mystery. he is a man of contradictions.	The religion of Imran Khan is
0	english	the language of sonnet 30 is a little bit of a puzzle. it is a	The language of Sonnet 30 is
0	jazz	the genre of fats waller is a bit of a mystery. he was a prolific	The genre of Fats Waller is
0	poland	the country of warsaw pact is a former soviet satellite state, which was a member	The country of Warsaw Pact is
0	arabic	amr ibn kulthum writing languages

amr ibn kulthum (arab	Amr ibn Kulthum writing languages
1	india	the original country of sitar is india. the instrument is a stringed instrument with	The original country of sitar is
0	center	the team position of arvydas sabonis is a bit of a mystery. he is a 6	The team position of Arvydas Sabonis is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of anja andersen is denmark. anja andersen is a danish citizen.	The country of citizenship of Anja Andersen is
0	republic	the basic form of government of south korea is a constitutional monarchy, with the president as the head	The basic form of government of South Korea is
1	english	the native language of gerald ford is english. he was born in omaha, nebraska,	The native language of Gerald Ford is
0	english	the language of chicago tribune is a bit different from the language of the rest of	The language of Chicago Tribune is
1	boston	the headquarters location of massachusetts bay transportation authority is in the back bay neighborhood of boston, massachusetts.	The headquarters location of Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority is
1	skopje	the capital of north macedonia is skopje, which is also the country�	The capital of North Macedonia is
0	999	the emergency phone number of eswatini is +267-31-8-8-8	The emergency phone number of Eswatini is
1	switzerland	the country of bern is located in the heart of switzerland. it is a	The country of Bern is
1	philippines	the country of iligan is located in the philippines. it is a city in	The country of Iligan is
1	sweden	the country of uppsala university is sweden. the city of uppsala is the	The country of Uppsala University is
1	bengali	the native language of satyajit ray is bengali. he was born in calcutta	The native language of Satyajit Ray is
1	english	the native language of hugh lofting is english, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Hugh Lofting is
1	tennis	the sport played by monica seles is tennis. the sport played by monica seles is	The sport played by Monica Seles is
1	english	the native language of william s. burroughs is english, but he has been writing in a variety	The native language of William S. Burroughs is
1	ljubljana	the capital of slovenia is the city of ljubljana.	The capital of Slovenia is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of mohammad-javad bahonar is a bachelor of science in electrical engineering. he is	The academic degree of Mohammad-Javad Bahonar is
1	vietnamese	the official language of vietnam is vietnamese. the official language of the united states is	The official language of Vietnam is
1	austria	vienna is located in the heart of the austrian capital, and is a	Vienna is located in
0	poetry	the genre of ricardo güiraldes is the novel. he is a writer of the first	The genre of Ricardo Güiraldes is
0	catholicism	the religion of notre-dame de chartres is the roman catholic church.

the town of	The religion of Notre-Dame de Chartres is
0	rhine	duisburg is located in or next to body of water.

the average temperature in duisburg	Duisburg is located in or next to body of water
1	rape	mike tyson convicted of rape

former heavyweight champion mike tyson was convicted	Mike Tyson convicted of
0	english	the language of the notebook is a beautiful, poetic, and poetic language. it	The language of The Notebook is
0	europe	the original country of opera is italy, where the first opera was performed in the	The original country of opera is
1	english	the native language of rachel maddow is english. she is a graduate of harvard university and	The native language of Rachel Maddow is
1	english	the language used in guyana is english, with a few words of the patam	The language used in Guyana is
1	spanish	the native language of carmen maura is spanish. she was born in madrid, spain,	The native language of Carmen Maura is
0	france	the country of citizenship of madame d'aulnoy is not known.

the date of her birth	The country of citizenship of Madame d'Aulnoy is
1	english	the official language of dominica is english.

dominica is a member of	The official language of Dominica is
1	tamil	the official language of chola dynasty is tamil. the chola kings were the first to	The official language of Chola dynasty is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of kongo is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Kongo is
0	piano	the instrument of charlie puth is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Charlie Puth is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walter model is germany.

the country of citizenship of walter	The country of citizenship of Walter Model is
0	piano	the instrument of sergiu celibidache is a very personal one. it is a violin,	The instrument of Sergiu Celibidache is
1	french	the native language of georges perec is french, but he wrote in a variety of other	The native language of Georges Perec is
1	english	the native language of margaret thatcher is not english. it is the language of the british	The native language of Margaret Thatcher is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of doug henning is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Doug Henning is
1	persian	the language used in delhi sultanate is a mixture of persian and arabic. the persian language	The language used in Delhi Sultanate is
0	forward	the team position of caroline ouellette is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Caroline Ouellette is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of charles lyell is "sir" (as in sir charles lyell	The honorific prefix of Charles Lyell is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of maria zakharova is russia.

the country of citizenship of maria	The country of citizenship of Maria Zakharova is
1	spain	the country of barcelona metro is a city in the autonomous community of catalonia, spain	The country of Barcelona Metro is
1	english	the official language of province of pennsylvania is english.

the official language of the commonwealth	The official language of Province of Pennsylvania is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of peter o'toole is england.

peter o'toole was	The country of citizenship of Peter O'Toole is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich böll is germany.

the country of citizenship of hein	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Böll is
0	pitcher	the team position of ralph terry is a bit of a mystery. he was a backup	The team position of Ralph Terry is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of adam gilchrist is australia.

the country of citizenship of adam	The country of citizenship of Adam Gilchrist is
0	israel	the country of citizenship of bar paly is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Bar Paly is
1	japan	the original country of morning musume is japan. the group was formed in 1995 by the	The original country of Morning Musume is
1	sofia	the capital of bulgaria is sofia, which is located in the south-	The capital of Bulgaria is
1	english	the native language of gabriel iglesias is spanish, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Gabriel Iglesias is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of arik einstein is israel.

the country of citizenship of ari	The country of citizenship of Arik Einstein is
0	baseball	the sport played by bob uecker is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Bob Uecker is
0	piano	the instrument of david foster is a guitar, and the instrument of the other three	The instrument of David Foster is
1	german	the native language of michael schumacher is german. he speaks english, french, italian,	The native language of Michael Schumacher is
1	english	the native language of harriet beecher stowe is english, but she wrote her most famous novel,	The native language of Harriet Beecher Stowe is
1	japan	the country of kyushu is located in the southern part of japan. it is	The country of Kyushu is
1	english	the native language of gouverneur morris i is english.

gouverneur morris i	The native language of Gouverneur Morris I is
1	npr	the original broadcaster of all things considered is npr. the original publisher of all things considered	The original broadcaster of All Things Considered is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of michael ende is germany.

the country of citizenship of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael Ende is
1	basketball	the sport played by david stern is basketball. the sport played by david stern is basketball	The sport played by David Stern is
1	argentina	chaco province is located in the north-central part of argentina, in the	Chaco Province is located in
0	japan	the country of hōryū-ji is located in the northern part of the island of h	The country of Hōryū-ji is
1	hebrew	the native language of ariel sharon is hebrew, but he speaks english with a heavy accent	The native language of Ariel Sharon is
0	blue	the eye color of coco chanel is a mystery.

the french fashion icon,	The eye color of Coco Chanel is
0	tenor	the voice type of sergio franchi is a baritone.

the voice type of	The voice type of Sergio Franchi is
1	beijing	national museum of china is located in the heart of beijing, and is the largest museum	National Museum of China is located in
0	germany	the country of citizenship of sophia of hanover is the united kingdom.

the country of birth	The country of citizenship of Sophia of Hanover is
1	philippines	the country of negros island region is located in the western part of the philippines. it	The country of Negros Island Region is
0	language	vowel is facet of the word.

a:

the	vowel is facet of
0	mexico	the original country of aguirre, the wrath of god is peru. the film was shot in the peruvian	The original country of Aguirre, the Wrath of God is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claude bernard is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claude Bernard is
0	hinduism	the religion of muttiah muralitharan is cricket.

the religion of muttiah	The religion of Muttiah Muralitharan is
0	cavalry	the military branch of george armstrong custer is a fictional branch of the united states army in the	The military branch of George Armstrong Custer is
0	rome	the residence of giulio andreotti is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Giulio Andreotti is
0	sydney	the capital of cape breton island is a small town with a big heart. it�	The capital of Cape Breton Island is
1	argentina	the country for sport played by gabriel batistuta is argentina. the country for sport played by gabriel bat	The country for sport played by Gabriel Batistuta is
0	islam	the religion of zheng he is a mystery.

the chinese admiral who	The religion of Zheng He is
0	english	the language used in papua new guinea is a dialect of the austronesian language family.	The language used in Papua New Guinea is
1	baseball	the sport played by chad billingsley is baseball. he is a pitcher for the los angeles	The sport played by Chad Billingsley is
0	russia	the country of verkhoyansk range is located in the north of the sakha republic,	The country of Verkhoyansk Range is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of evangeline lilly is the united states of america.

evang	The country of citizenship of Evangeline Lilly is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ki no tsurayuki is japan.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Ki no Tsurayuki is
1	scotland	the original country of curling is scotland, where the sport was invented in the early	The original country of curling is
0	minneapolis	university of minnesota is located in the heart of the twin cities, a metropolitan area	University of Minnesota is located in
0	england	the country of citizenship of david hockney is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of David Hockney is
0	turkey	the country of young turks is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Young Turks is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of university of coimbra is portugal.

the country of citizenship of university	The country of citizenship of University of Coimbra is
0	english	the official language of guam is chamorro, a micronesian language.	The official language of Guam is
0	water	the material used in mead is a very important part of the process. the type	The material used in mead is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of kim campbell is canada.

the country of citizenship of kim	The country of citizenship of Kim Campbell is
1	nebraska	lincoln is capital of the state of nebraska, and the capital of the	Lincoln is capital of
1	vietnam	the country of da lat is located in the central highlands of vietnam. it is	The country of Da Lat is
0	india	the country of citizenship of brahmagupta is unknown. he was born in the gupta empire,	The country of citizenship of Brahmagupta is
0	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas  carnot is not known.

nicolas carnot was	The country of citizenship of Nicolas  Carnot is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of karrie webb is australia.

the country of citizenship of kar	The country of citizenship of Karrie Webb is
0	europe	the continent of english channel is a place of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The continent of English Channel is
0	colonel	the military rank of eli lilly is major general.

eli lilly is a	The military rank of Eli Lilly is
0	russia	the basin country of laptev sea is a unique place. it is a place of contrasts	The basin country of Laptev Sea is
0	poetry	the genre of peter handke is the most difficult to define. his work is a	The genre of Peter Handke is
0	france	the country of saint-denis is a small, but very beautiful, island in the	The country of Saint-Denis is
0	english	the language of a portrait of the artist as a young man is a language of the imagination. it is a language	The language of A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man is
0	blue	the eye color of beverley mitchell is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Beverley Mitchell is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of leonid brekhovskikh is russia.

the country of citizenship of leon	The country of citizenship of Leonid Brekhovskikh is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of herbert von karajan is austria.

the country of citizenship of herbert	The country of citizenship of Herbert von Karajan is
0	spain	the original country of las meninas is the spanish province of toledo, where the painting was	The original country of Las Meninas is
1	netherlands	the country for sport played by leontien van moorsel is the netherlands.

the country for sport played	The country for sport played by Leontien van Moorsel is
0	buddhism	the religion of philip glass is a mystery. he is a man who has never	The religion of Philip Glass is
1	french	the native language of rené cassin is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of René Cassin is
1	japan	the original country of emoji is japan. the japanese language has a rich history of	The original country of emoji is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of margo is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Margo is
0	christianity	the religion of otto ii is not known.

otto ii was the	The religion of Otto II is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of josef albers is germany.

the country of citizenship of jose	The country of citizenship of Josef Albers is
0	islam	the religion of hadji murad is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Hadji Murad is
1	germany	the original country of frankfurter allgemeine zeitung is germany. the newspaper was founded in 1835 by	The original country of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is
0	basketball	the sport played by andrew toney is a game of skill, strategy and tactics. it	The sport played by Andrew Toney is
1	spanish	the language used in television in mexico is spanish.

television in mexico is regulated	The language used in Television in Mexico is
0	911	the emergency phone number of saint kitts and nevis is +1 869-465-2121.	The emergency phone number of Saint Kitts and Nevis is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of ratko mladić is a matter of dispute. the serbian government claims that	The ethnic group of Ratko Mladić is
1	greek	the official language of athens is greek. the official language of the united states is	The official language of Athens is
0	russia	the country of yuzhny island is a small, but very interesting, country. it	The country of Yuzhny Island is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of imre kertész is hungary.

the country of citizenship of im	The country of citizenship of Imre Kertész is
0	philippines	the country of quezon city is located in the northern part of metro manila, the	The country of Quezon City is
0	france	the country of citizenship of antoine de rivarol is not known. he was born in 1773 in	The country of citizenship of Antoine de Rivarol is
1	basketball	the sport played by diana taurasi is basketball. she is a 6’2�	The sport played by Diana Taurasi is
1	edmonton	the capital of alberta is edmonton, a city of over 1.2 million	The capital of Alberta is
0	turkey	the original country of turkish angora is believed to be the caucasus region of the former soviet	The original country of Turkish Angora is
0	turkey	ottoman empire replaced by the republic of venice

the ottoman empire replaced	Ottoman Empire replaced by
0	blue	the eye color of erica boyer is a mystery.

the former university of michigan	The eye color of Erica Boyer is
0	soprano	the voice type of laura benanti is a little bit like a cross between a young,	The voice type of Laura Benanti is
1	red	the color of the flag of luxembourg is red, white and blue. the national anthem of	The color of the flag of Luxembourg is
1	mass	the measured physical quantity of pennyweight is the mass of a penny, which is the mass	The measured physical quantity of pennyweight is
1	shropshire	cheshire shares a border with the counties of staffordshire and shropshire	Cheshire shares a border with
0	canada	the country of citizenship of eddie shore is not known.

career statistics	The country of citizenship of Eddie Shore is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of mary pickford is canada.

the country of citizenship of douglas	The country of citizenship of Mary Pickford is
1	english	the native language of edward lear is english, but he wrote in a variety of languages	The native language of Edward Lear is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dario fo is italy.

the country of citizenship of d	The country of citizenship of Dario Fo is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of giovanni de ventura is not known.

biography

g	The country of citizenship of Giovanni de Ventura is
0	islam	the religion of abd al-rahman al-sufi is a branch of sufism, a mystical movement	The religion of Abd al-Rahman al-Sufi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gian lorenzo bernini is italy.

the country of citizenship of gian	The country of citizenship of Gian Lorenzo Bernini is
0	999	the emergency phone number of cook islands is +682.

cook islands is a country	The emergency phone number of Cook Islands is
1	islam	the religion of wiranto is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Wiranto is
0	english	the language of the great divorce is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Great Divorce is
0	mexico	the original country of vargas de tecalitlán is now known as the mexican state of jalisco.	The original country of Vargas de Tecalitlán is
1	french	the language of frère jacques is a mixture of french and english. the french is	The language of Frère Jacques is
1	guitar	the instrument of mark mothersbaugh is a guitar, but it’s not a	The instrument of Mark Mothersbaugh is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre curie is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Pierre Curie is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of emanuel lasker is one of the most famous in chess history. he	The academic degree of Emanuel Lasker is
1	spain	spanish is indigenous to the americas. spanish is the official language of spain	Spanish is indigenous to
0	baseball	the sport played by josé fernández (pitcher) is a sport that is played in the dominican republic.	The sport played by José Fernández (pitcher) is
0	english	the native language of daniel inouye is japanese. he was born in hawaii and attended the	The native language of Daniel Inouye is
1	india	the country of citizenship of suraiya is india.

the country of citizenship of sur	The country of citizenship of Suraiya is
1	philippines	luzon is located in the northern part of the philippines. it is the	Luzon is located in
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of manuel lozada is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Manuel Lozada is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of amancio ortega is spain.

amancio orte	The country of citizenship of Amancio Ortega is
1	estonia	the country of tartu is located in the south of estonia, in the middle	The country of Tartu is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of alberto santos-dumont is france.

the country of birth of alberto	The country of citizenship of Alberto Santos-Dumont is
0	greece	the country of knossos is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The country of Knossos is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of liaquat ali khan is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of lia	The country of citizenship of Liaquat Ali Khan is
1	bulgaria	the country of citizenship of todor zhivkov is bulgaria.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Todor Zhivkov is
1	english	the native language of elon musk is not english. it is not even american english.	The native language of Elon Musk is
0	switzerland	the country of solothurn is located in the swiss canton of bern. it	The country of Solothurn is
0	kenya	the country of mau mau uprising is a land of beauty and mystery. the people are	The country of Mau Mau Uprising is
0	english	the language of arxiv is a bit of a mess. i’m	The language of arXiv is
0	christianity	the religion of tommy lucchese is the religion of the mafia. he is a man	The religion of Tommy Lucchese is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of vince vaughn is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Vince Vaughn is
0	brown	the eye color of cynthia brimhall is a mystery.

the retired nurse and mother	The eye color of Cynthia Brimhall is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of stanley bruce is australia.

the country of citizenship of william	The country of citizenship of Stanley Bruce is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of olesya rulin is russia.

the country of citizenship of o	The country of citizenship of Olesya Rulin is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takemoto gidayū is japan.

biography

takem	The country of citizenship of Takemoto Gidayū is
0	catholicism	the religion of simon andres is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of simon andres is
1	army	the military branch of max cleland is the united states army. the united states army is	The military branch of Max Cleland is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené belbenoît is france.

the country of citizenship of ren	The country of citizenship of René Belbenoît is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of otto klemperer is germany.

the country of citizenship of otto	The country of citizenship of Otto Klemperer is
0	blue	the eye color of gena lee nolin is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Gena Lee Nolin is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of owain glyndŵr is unknown.

owain glynd�	The country of citizenship of Owain Glyndŵr is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of jack blackham is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jack Blackham is
0	tibet	the original country of shih tzu is china. the breed was developed in the late 19	The original country of Shih Tzu is
1	islam	the religion of khalid of saudi arabia is islam. he is a sunni muslim. he was	The religion of Khalid of Saudi Arabia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of romain rolland is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Romain Rolland is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of grigory potemkin is russia.

the country of citizenship of gr	The country of citizenship of Grigory Potemkin is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of henri de baillet-latour is france.

the country of citizenship of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri de Baillet-Latour is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of uri geller is israel.

uri geller is a	The country of citizenship of Uri Geller is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of maurice maeterlinck is belgium.

the country of citizenship of maurice	The country of citizenship of Maurice Maeterlinck is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by cagliari is italian, sardinian and english.

c	The languages spoken, written or signed by Cagliari is
1	france	the country of auvergne is located in the center of france, in the region	The country of Auvergne is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of björk is iceland.

the country of citizenship of bj	The country of citizenship of Björk is
0	wii	nintendo gamecube is followed by the nintendo gamecube. the nintendo gamecube is	Nintendo GameCube is followed by
1	iran	the country of hamadan province is located in the west of iran. it is the	The country of Hamadan Province is
0	tenor	the voice type of constantine maroulis is a powerful instrument. it is a voice that can	The voice type of Constantine Maroulis is
1	spain	gibraltar shares a border with spain, and the two countries have been at odds	Gibraltar shares a border with
1	japan	the original country of kendo is japan. the word kendo means "the way	The original country of Kendo is
0	greece	the country of piraeus is a small island in the aegean sea,	The country of Piraeus is
1	indiana	battle of tippecanoe is located in the state of indiana, united states. it was	Battle of Tippecanoe is located in
1	stone	the material used in stari most is a mixture of limestone and sandstone. the limestone	The material used in Stari Most is
1	cornwall	cornish is indigenous to cornwall, england, and is spoken by the corn	Cornish is indigenous to
0	armenians	the ethnic group of armenia is the armenian people. the armenian people are a nation	The ethnic group of Armenia is
0	france	the country of the bellelli family is located in the heart of the italian alps. the	The country of The Bellelli Family is
1	english	the native language of dan brown is english, but he has been writing in italian for	The native language of Dan Brown is
0	argentina	the country of río de la plata is a large and diverse region in south america. it	The country of Río de la Plata is
0	germany	the original country of verbotene liebe is a german-language novel by the austrian writer stefan	The original country of Verbotene Liebe is
1	france	the country of citizenship of luc montagnier is france.

the country of citizenship of luc	The country of citizenship of Luc Montagnier is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of james matheson is "the honorable".

biography	The honorific prefix of James Matheson is
1	korean	the native language of park chung-hee is korean. he was born in the city of p	The native language of Park Chung-hee is
0	iraq	the country of baghdad is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Baghdad is
0	christianity	the religion of constantine vii is a mystery. he was a christian, but he	The religion of Constantine VII is
1	guitar	the instrument of bill haley is a guitar, and the instrument of elvis presley	The instrument of Bill Haley is
1	singapore	the country of citizenship of goh chok tong is singapore.

goh chok tong was	The country of citizenship of Goh Chok Tong is
1	armenian	the language used in armenia is a combination of the armenian and the persian languages.	The language used in Armenia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of lotte reiniger is germany.

the country of residence of l	The country of citizenship of Lotte Reiniger is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sharmila tagore is india.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Sharmila Tagore is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of otto skorzeny is austria.

otto skorzeny	The country of citizenship of Otto Skorzeny is
0	baseball	the sport played by greg olson is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Greg Olson is
1	japan	the country of ōtsu is located in the central part of japan. it is	The country of Ōtsu is
1	blue	the color of bilberry is dark blue, and the taste is sweet and sour	The color of bilberry is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of scotland is a constitutional monarchy. the monarch is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Scotland is
1	arabic	the official language of south yemen is arabic. the official language of north yemen is arabic	The official language of South Yemen is
1	warp	the record label of aphex twin is warp records. warp records is a british independent record	The record label of Aphex Twin is
0	english	the language of amazing grace is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Amazing Grace is
1	africa	the continent of aghlabids is located in the northern part of the continent of africa	The continent of Aghlabids is
0	cricket	the sport played by shane warne is a game of deception. it is a game of	The sport played by Shane Warne is
1	netherlands	the country of university of amsterdam is a small country in the netherlands. it is located	The country of University of Amsterdam is
1	colombia	the country of cali is located in the south of colombia, in the and	The country of Cali is
0	english	the native language of josephine baker is french. she was born in st. louis,	The native language of Josephine Baker is
1	trumpet	the instrument of louis armstrong is the trumpet. the instrument of miles davis is the	The instrument of Louis Armstrong is
0	brown	the eye color of dinah manoff is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Dinah Manoff is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of william mulholland is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of William Mulholland is
0	forward	the team position of valeriy lobanovskyi is a bit of a mystery. he is a former	The team position of Valeriy Lobanovskyi is
1	english	the native language of beyoncé is nigerian, and she has been singing in english since	The native language of Beyoncé is
0	asia	the continent of dhaka is a land of contrasts. it is a city of	The continent of Dhaka is
1	russia	the country of bratsk is located in the north of russia, in the k	The country of Bratsk is
1	taipei	the capital of taiwan under japanese rule is taipei. the city is divided into districts,	The capital of Taiwan under Japanese rule is
1	sydney	the capital of new south wales is sydney. sydney is the most populous city in australia	The capital of New South Wales is
0	mexico	the country of liga mx is one of the most competitive leagues in the world.	The country of Liga MX is
0	ink	the material used in pen is a special kind of plastic, which is very hard	The material used in pen is
0	sean	seán heuston given name

seán heuston is an irish	Seán Heuston given name
0	france	the country of citizenship of jules rimet is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Jules Rimet is
0	turkey	the original country of turkish folk dances is anatolia, the land of the turks. the	The original country of Turkish folk dances is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of emily kngwarreye is australia.

the country of citizenship of emily	The country of citizenship of Emily Kngwarreye is
1	dutch	the language used in curaçao is a mixture of dutch, spanish, english, and	The language used in Curaçao is
1	english	the native language of al gore is not english. he speaks it with a thick,	The native language of Al Gore is
0	english	the language of national geographic is a language of the world. it is a language	The language of National Geographic is
1	england	the country of citizenship of bobby charlton is england.

the country of citizenship of bobby	The country of citizenship of Bobby Charlton is
1	islam	the religion of muhammad iqbal is a synthesis of the islamic and the indian philosophies.	The religion of Muhammad Iqbal is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of new york daily news is a great example of a newspaper that has been able	The newspaper format of New York Daily News is
0	france	the original country of the internationale is the soviet union. the song was written by karl	The original country of The Internationale is
1	bulgarian	the official language of people's republic of bulgaria is bulgarian. the official language of the republic of macedonia	The official language of People's Republic of Bulgaria is
0	cumbria	westmorland replaced by the duke of york, who was created prince of	Westmorland replaced by
1	granite	the material used in dartmoor is a mixture of granite and slate. the granite is	The material used in Dartmoor is
0	english	the native language of zachary taylor is not known. he was born in virginia, and	The native language of Zachary Taylor is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of morten andersen is denmark.

morten andersen is a	The country of citizenship of Morten Andersen is
0	pitcher	the team position of dontrelle willis is a bit of a mystery. he's a free	The team position of Dontrelle Willis is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of demis roussos is greece.

the country of citizenship of dem	The country of citizenship of Demis Roussos is
0	france	the country of strait of dover is a small island in the middle of the atlantic ocean	The country of Strait of Dover is
1	jazz	the genre of charles mingus jr. is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Charles Mingus Jr. is
0	french	the language of le figaro is a bit more formal than that of the other newspapers	The language of Le Figaro is
0	brown	the eye color of erin andrews is blue. she is a blonde. she is a	The eye color of Erin Andrews is
1	english	the language used in guam is a mixture of spanish and english. the spanish influence	The language used in Guam is
1	russia	the country of sakha republic is located in the north of russia, in the extreme	The country of Sakha Republic is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of paul anka is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Paul Anka is
0	portugal	the country of praia da rocha is located in the state of bahia, in the	The country of Praia da Rocha is
1	india	the country of citizenship of shreya ghoshal is india.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Shreya Ghoshal is
1	russian	the language used in tsardom of russia is a combination of russian and old church slavonic.	The language used in Tsardom of Russia is
0	russia	the country of yugansky nature reserve is located in the south of the krasnoy	The country of Yugansky Nature Reserve is
0	tenor	the voice type of tituss burgess is a little bit like the voice of a young john	The voice type of Tituss Burgess is
1	japan	the country of fukuoka prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Fukuoka Prefecture is
1	netherlands	the country of nijmegen is a small city in the netherlands. it is located	The country of Nijmegen is
1	australia	tasmanian devil endemic to tasmania, australia.

**distribution.	Tasmanian devil endemic to
1	o	the blood type of amy ryan is ab. she is a white female, born on	The blood type of Amy Ryan is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of lan xang is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Lan Xang is
1	finland	the country of turku is located in the north of finland. it is the	The country of Turku is
0	london	heathrow airport named after sir robert peel

heathrow airport named	Heathrow Airport named after
1	christianity	the religion of kurds is a mixture of islam, christianity, and zoroast	The religion of Kurds is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takuya eguchi is japan.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Takuya Eguchi is
0	leicestershire	leicester is located in the east midlands region of england. it is the	Leicester is located in
0	argentina	the country of tierra del fuego province is located in the southernmost part of the south american	The country of Tierra del Fuego Province is
1	colonel	the military rank of ignacio manuel altamirano basilio is:

lieutenant colonel

ignacio	The military rank of Ignacio Manuel Altamirano Basilio is
0	count	the noble title of louis x of france is a title of nobility of the french crown. it	The noble title of Louis X of France is
1	santiago	the capital of chile is santiago, which is located in the central valley of	The capital of Chile is
0	duke	the noble title of james i of scotland is a title of the peerage of scotland. it	The noble title of James I of Scotland is
1	german	the native language of roger federer is german. he speaks it fluently, and he	The native language of Roger Federer is
0	black	the streak color of pyrite is a result of the presence of iron sulfide in	The streak color of pyrite is
0	baritone	the voice type of jeff coopwood is a very important part of his character. he is	The voice type of Jeff Coopwood is
0	piano	the instrument of olivia olson is a guitar. she plays it with a certain kind	The instrument of Olivia Olson is
0	white	the streak color of gypsum is determined by the amount of water in the gyps	The streak color of gypsum is
0	english	the language of who framed roger rabbit is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Who Framed Roger Rabbit is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of jorge de menezes is brazil.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Jorge de Menezes is
0	saxophone	the instrument of sidney bechet is a clarinet, and the instrument of charlie parker	The instrument of Sidney Bechet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of honoré gabriel riqueti, comte de mirabeau is france.

the country of birth of honor	The country of citizenship of Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jeanne calment is france.

jeanne calment was born	The country of citizenship of Jeanne Calment is
1	venezuela	the country of lake maracaibo is located in the northern part of venezuela, in the	The country of Lake Maracaibo is
1	baseball	the sport played by dallas keuchel is baseball. he is a pitcher. he is a	The sport played by Dallas Keuchel is
0	yellow	the color of sugarcane is a very important factor in determining the quality of the	The color of sugarcane is
0	english	the language of treaty of waitangi is a living document. it is a living document because	The language of Treaty of Waitangi is
0	france	the country of channel tunnel is a small country in the north of europe. it	The country of Channel Tunnel is
1	english	the official language of england is english. the official language of scotland is scottish gael	The official language of England is
0	aristotle	ptolemy influenced by the pythagoreans, and the pythag	Ptolemy influenced by
0	brown	the eye color of telma hopkins is a mystery.

the woman, who is	The eye color of Telma Hopkins is
1	english	the official language of heard island and mcdonald islands is english.

history

the islands were	The official language of Heard Island and McDonald Islands is
1	norwegian	the native language of edvard grieg is norwegian, but he was born in the small town	The native language of Edvard Grieg is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rachel is not specified.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Rachel is
0	buddhism	the religion of queen seondeok of silla is a mystery.

the queen was a devout	The religion of Queen Seondeok of Silla is
0	asia	the continent of sikhote-alin is a land of mountains, rivers, and forests.	The continent of Sikhote-Alin is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of annemarie moser-pröll is austria.

the country of citizenship of ann	The country of citizenship of Annemarie Moser-Pröll is
1	cuba	the country of citizenship of raúl castro is cuba.

raúl castro is the	The country of citizenship of Raúl Castro is
1	ukraine	chernivtsi oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine. it	Chernivtsi Oblast is located in
0	white	the streak color of diamond is determined by the nitrogen content. the nitrogen content of	The streak color of diamond is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of vladimir ashkenazy is israel.

vladimir ashkenazy	The country of citizenship of Vladimir Ashkenazy is
0	athletics	the sport played by valerie adams is a sport that is played by many people in many	The sport played by Valerie Adams is
1	afghanistan	kabul is capital of afghanistan and the largest city in the country. it	Kabul is capital of
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré breton is france.

andré breton was born	The country of citizenship of André Breton is
0	nigeria	the country of citizenship of modibo adama is guinea.

the country of birth of mod	The country of citizenship of Modibo Adama is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of ferdinand marcos is the philippines.

ferdinand marcos was born	The country of citizenship of Ferdinand Marcos is
1	iran	the country of khomeyni shahr is located in the north of iran. it is a	The country of Khomeyni Shahr is
1	india	the country of arunachal pradesh is located in the eastern part of the indian subcont	The country of Arunachal Pradesh is
1	nepal	kathmandu is capital of nepal and the largest city in the country. it	Kathmandu is capital of
1	guitar	the instrument of niño ricardo is a very simple one. he has a guitar,	The instrument of Niño Ricardo is
0	ontario	lake huron is located in the great lakes region of north america. it is	Lake Huron is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of raoul salan is unknown.

biography

raoul	The country of citizenship of Raoul Salan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of nellie melba is australia.

nellie melba was	The country of citizenship of Nellie Melba is
0	stefan	stephen uroš iv dušan of serbia given name stephen is a slavic name. it is a	Stephen Uroš IV Dušan of Serbia given name
0	murder	ali hassan al-majid convicted of terrorism offences

the high court has convicted hassan	Ali Hassan al-Majid convicted of
1	india	the country of dehradun is located in the indian state of uttarakhand.	The country of Dehradun is
0	piano	the instrument of doris duke is a $1.5 million, custom-built	The instrument of Doris Duke is
0	time	the measured physical quantity of millennium is the change of the earth's rotation axis. the	The measured physical quantity of millennium is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of passions is nbc. the show is produced by universal television and	The original broadcaster of Passions is
0	brown	the eye color of anndi mcafee is a beautiful shade of blue. she is a very	The eye color of Anndi McAfee is
1	italy	the country of leaning tower of pisa is italy.

the country of leaning tower	The country of Leaning Tower of Pisa is
1	india	the country of jalpaiguri is located in the state of west bengal, india.	The country of Jalpaiguri is
1	english	the native language of charles g. dawes is english. dawes was born in 1864 in	The native language of Charles G. Dawes is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of heitor villa-lobos is brazil.

heitor villa-lobos	The country of citizenship of Heitor Villa-Lobos is
0	poetry	the genre of frédéric mistral is the provençal lyric. it is a	The genre of Frédéric Mistral is
1	german	the native language of kurt gödel is german. he was born in moravia, then	The native language of Kurt Gödel is
1	malaysia	brunei shares a border with malaysia and is a member of the association of southeast	Brunei shares a border with
0	english	the language of fight club is a language of the body. it is a language	The language of Fight Club is
1	german	the native language of ludwig van beethoven is german. he was born in bonn, germany	The native language of Ludwig van Beethoven is
1	france	the original country of croissant is france. the croissant is a type of	The original country of croissant is
0	india	the country of jalandhar is located in the state of punjab in the northern part	The country of Jalandhar is
1	france	the original country of the 400 blows is france, but the film was shot in paris and	The original country of The 400 Blows is
1	charles	charlie carver given name

charles (or charlie) is a given	Charlie Carver given name
0	nec	the manufacturer of turbografx-16 is planning to release a new version of the console,	The manufacturer of TurboGrafx-16 is
0	catholicism	the religion of manuel zelaya is a mystery.

the honduran president,	The religion of Manuel Zelaya is
1	india	the original country of shankar–ehsaan–loy is india, but the trio has been living in the	The original country of Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy is
0	colonel	the military rank of yuri gagarin is unknown.

yuri gagarin was	The military rank of Yuri Gagarin is
1	india	the country of assamese is located in the northeast of india. it is a	The country of Assamese is
1	basketball	the sport played by kareem abdul-jabbar is basketball. the sport played by michael jordan is basketball	The sport played by Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is
0	portugal	the country of estado novo is a dictatorship. the regime of the estado nov	The country of Estado Novo is
1	japan	the country of gifu prefecture is located in the central part of japan. it is	The country of Gifu Prefecture is
0	buddhism	the religion of kanishka is not known.

kanishka was the	The religion of Kanishka is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of george frideric handel is not known.

biography

hand	The country of citizenship of George Frideric Handel is
1	english	the native language of paul sparks is english, but he has been writing in spanish for	The native language of Paul Sparks is
0	french	the native language of ahmed abdallah is arabic. he is a native of the city of	The native language of Ahmed Abdallah is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of kevin o'leary is canada.

the country of citizenship of kevin	The country of citizenship of Kevin O'Leary is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of seiu ito is japan.

the country of citizenship of se	The country of citizenship of Seiu Ito is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of maria goeppert mayer is germany.

the country of birth of maria	The country of citizenship of Maria Goeppert Mayer is
1	india	the country of agra is located in the northern part of india. it is	The country of Agra is
1	nigeria	the country of delta state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Delta State is
0	islam	the religion of hafez al-assad is a mystery.

the syrian president’	The religion of Hafez al-Assad is
0	alaska	muldrow glacier is located in the central part of the antarctic peninsula. it is	Muldrow Glacier is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of kal penn is a secret.

the actor, who plays	The religion of Kal Penn is
0	emi	the record label of petula clark is celebrating the 50th anniversary of her first single,	The record label of Petula Clark is
1	english	the native language of lou henry hoover is english.

biography

lou henry	The native language of Lou Henry Hoover is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of huseyn shaheed suhrawardy is bangladesh.

the country of citizenship of h	The country of citizenship of Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy is
1	glass	the material used in willis tower is a special type of glass called "float glass."	The material used in Willis Tower is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-augustin hulin is unknown.

pierre-augustin hulin	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Augustin Hulin is
1	violin	the instrument of nathan milstein is a violin, and the instrument of nathan milstein	The instrument of Nathan Milstein is
0	persian	the official language of ag qoyunlu tribe is azerbaijani.

references

category	The official language of Ag Qoyunlu Tribe is
0	reggae	the genre of buju banton is a bit of a mystery. the jamaican singer	The genre of Buju Banton is
1	uzbekistan	the country of fergana is located in the north of uzbekistan. it is	The country of Fergana is
0	france	the country of palace of versailles is a small country in the middle of europe. it	The country of Palace of Versailles is
0	christmas	the public holiday of poland is the national day of poland, which is celebrated on	The public holiday of Poland is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew fisher is australia.

the country of citizenship of andrew	The country of citizenship of Andrew Fisher is
0	pitcher	the team position of mike morgan is a bit of a mystery. he is a backup	The team position of Mike Morgan is
1	may	april is followed by may, june, july, august, september,	April is followed by
0	myanmar	the country of citizenship of khun sa is not known.

khun sa was born	The country of citizenship of Khun Sa is
1	russia	the country of republic of bashkortostan is located in the northwest of russia. it is the	The country of Republic of Bashkortostan is
1	nord	lille is located in the north of france, in the region of nord	Lille is located in
0	doctorate	the academic degree of robert musil is not a matter of dispute. he was a doctor	The academic degree of Robert Musil is
1	prague	the capital of czechoslovak socialist republic is the city of prague. the city is located in	The capital of Czechoslovak Socialist Republic is
0	norway	the country of varangerhalvøya national park is located in the municipality of varanger in the northern	The country of Varangerhalvøya National Park is
0	alabama	tennessee river is located in the state of tennessee, united states. the river	Tennessee River is located in
0	english	the language of the legend of zelda is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Legend of Zelda is
0	catholicism	the religion of guglielmo ebreo da pesaro is a mystery. he was born in pesaro in	The religion of Guglielmo Ebreo da Pesaro is
1	cotton	the material used in muslin is a cotton fabric, which is a natural fiber.	The material used in muslin is
0	europe	western classical music is indigenous to the west, and it is the most popular music	Western classical music is indigenous to
1	wyoming	teton range is located in the central part of the state of wyoming. it	Teton Range is located in
0	islam	the religion of saif ali khan is a mystery. he is a muslim, but he	The religion of Saif Ali Khan is
1	pakistan	the country of peshawar is located in the northwest of pakistan. it is the	The country of Peshawar is
0	english	the language of finnegans wake is a language of its own. it is a language	The language of Finnegans Wake is
0	emi	the record label of red hot chili peppers is the warner bros. records. the record label of	The record label of Red Hot Chili Peppers is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira yoshizawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Akira Yoshizawa is
1	polish	the languages spoken, written or signed by stanisława przybyszewska is polish, english, french, german, russian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Stanisława Przybyszewska is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco tárrega is unknown.

tárrega was	The country of citizenship of Francisco Tárrega is
1	english	the native language of zach callison is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Zach Callison is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of shannon larratt is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Shannon Larratt is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of alfred deakin is australia.

the country of citizenship of alfred	The country of citizenship of Alfred Deakin is
1	japan	the country for sport played by yoshiharu habu is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Yoshiharu Habu is
0	monday	sunday is followed by a day of rest, and then the week begins	Sunday is followed by
0	belgrade	the residence of novak djokovic is a short walk from the centre of monte carlo,	The residence of Novak Djokovic is
0	volga	ulyanovsk is located in or next to body of water.

ulyanovsk is located	Ulyanovsk is located in or next to body of water
1	guatemala	the country of quetzaltenango is located in the western part of guatemala, in the	The country of Quetzaltenango is
0	german	the native language of franz liszt is hungarian. he was born in the town of raid	The native language of Franz Liszt is
1	steel	the material used in mackinac bridge is a special type of steel called "galvanized	The material used in Mackinac Bridge is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of otto strasser is not known.

early life
otto	The academic degree of Otto Strasser is
0	hinduism	the religion of sree padmanabhadasa sree swathi thirunal rama varma is a unique religion. it is a religion of love	The religion of Sree Padmanabhadasa Sree Swathi Thirunal Rama Varma is
0	italy	the country of neptune's grotto is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The country of Neptune's Grotto is
0	luxembourg	the country of citizenship of jacques santer is belgium.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jacques Santer is
1	basketball	the sport played by demar derozan is basketball. he is a 6-foot-7	The sport played by DeMar DeRozan is
0	london	the residence of gillian anderson is a beautiful, modern, and spacious home in the	The residence of Gillian Anderson is
0	green	the eye color of amber lynn is a very important part of her beauty. she has	The eye color of Amber Lynn is
1	basketball	the sport played by pau gasol is basketball. the sport played by pau gasol is	The sport played by Pau Gasol is
1	baseball	the sport played by boston red sox is baseball. the sport played by the new york yankees	The sport played by Boston Red Sox is
1	russian	the native language of julius martov is russian. he was born in the city of t	The native language of Julius Martov is
0	worldwide	the operating area of international mathematical union is the field of mathematics, including all branches of pure	The operating area of International Mathematical Union is
1	german	the native language of ilse aichinger is german. she was born in the city of w	The native language of Ilse Aichinger is
0	basketball	the sport played by wilt chamberlain is a game of skill, strength, and endurance.	The sport played by Wilt Chamberlain is
1	guitar	the instrument of john mayer is a guitar, and the instrument of john mayer is	The instrument of John Mayer is
0	berlin	the headquarters location of siemens mobility is in munich, germany.

history	The headquarters location of Siemens Mobility is
0	catholicism	the religion of josé maría velasco ibarra is a mystery.

the former president of ecuador	The religion of José María Velasco Ibarra is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of louis néel is doctor of science (dr. sci.).	The academic degree of Louis Néel is
1	islam	the religion of mo farah is not islam. it is not even christianity. it	The religion of Mo Farah is
0	112	the emergency phone number of azerbaijan is +994 (9)

azerb	The emergency phone number of Azerbaijan is
1	ukraine	the country of zhytomyr is located in the north-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Zhytomyr is
0	india	the country of surat is located in the state of gujarat in the western part	The country of Surat is
0	france	the country of citizenship of max von sydow is sweden.

the country of citizenship of max	The country of citizenship of Max von Sydow is
0	islam	the religion of nursultan nazarbayev is a mystery. the former president of kazakhstan, who	The religion of Nursultan Nazarbayev is
0	ukraine	the country of romanian is located in the south-eastern europe. it is	The country of Romanian is
1	india	the country of haryana is located in the northern part of india. it is	The country of Haryana is
0	islam	the religion of turgut özal is a matter of controversy. the turkish president was a	The religion of Turgut Özal is
1	english	the language used in british western pacific territories is a dialect of english, known as the australian english	The language used in British Western Pacific Territories is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of maría félix is mexico.

the country of citizenship of mar	The country of citizenship of María Félix is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of eisaku satō is japan.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Eisaku Satō is
1	italy	the country of sapienza university of rome is located in the center of italy, in the region	The country of Sapienza University of Rome is
1	english	the native language of tim conway is english, but he has been dubbed the "king	The native language of Tim Conway is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of camarón de la isla is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Camarón de la Isla is
1	belgium	the country of wallonia is the only region in belgium that has a majority of	The country of Wallonia is
1	espionage	aldrich ames convicted of espionage

aldrich ames, a former	Aldrich Ames convicted of
1	germany	the country of humboldt university of berlin is located in the north of germany. it is a	The country of Humboldt University of Berlin is
1	asia	the continent of turkic khaganate is located in the northern part of eurasia. it	The continent of Turkic Khaganate is
0	english	the native language of seamus heaney is irish. he was born in county derry,	The native language of Seamus Heaney is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of enrique granados is spain.

the country of citizenship of enrique	The country of citizenship of Enrique Granados is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hitomi kobayashi is japan.

hitomi kobayashi is	The country of citizenship of Hitomi Kobayashi is
0	soprano	the voice type of geraldine farrar is a very important factor in the success of a voice	The voice type of Geraldine Farrar is
1	sugar	the material used in chocolate milk is milk, sugar, and cocoa. the milk is	The material used in chocolate milk is
1	crimson	the color of harvard university is crimson. the color of the university of michigan is	The color of Harvard University is
1	china	the country of citizenship of xu zhonglin is china.

the country of birth of xu	The country of citizenship of Xu Zhonglin is
0	english	the language used in solomon islands is a dialect of the austronesian language family.	The language used in Solomon Islands is
1	taiwan	new taipei city is located in the north of taiwan, and is the capital of	New Taipei City is located in
1	japan	the country of nagoya university is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Nagoya University is
0	murder	mumia abu-jamal convicted of killing cop

mumia abu-jam	Mumia Abu-Jamal convicted of
0	colonel	the military rank of david scott is unknown. he was a member of the 1st	The military rank of David Scott is
0	english	the language of the feminine mystique is a bit dated, but it’s still	The language of The Feminine Mystique is
1	english	the native language of james anderson is english, but he has been playing cricket for the	The native language of James Anderson is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis, grand condé is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Louis, Grand Condé is
1	chinese	the language of tencent qq is a bit different from that of other chinese social networks	The language of Tencent QQ is
0	barcelona	the headquarters location of union for the mediterranean is in the heart of the city of marseille,	The headquarters location of Union for the Mediterranean is
1	o	the blood type of ichirō mizuki is a.

ichirō mizuki	The blood type of Ichirō Mizuki is
1	guitar	the instrument of jackie tohn is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Jackie Tohn is
1	india	the country of rajasthan is located in the north-west of india. it	The country of Rajasthan is
0	switzerland	the country of schwyz is located in the heart of the alps, and is	The country of Schwyz is
1	australia	the country of history of new south wales is australia. the capital of new south wales is sydney	The country of history of New South Wales is
0	hinduism	the religion of asha bhosle is a mystery. she is a singer, a song	The religion of Asha Bhosle is
1	microsoft	the developer of office open xml is microsoft, and the company has been working on the	The developer of Office Open XML is
0	cambridgeshire	university of cambridge is located in cambridge, england. it is the oldest university in	University of Cambridge is located in
0	germany	the country of wuppertal is a city in the german state of north rhine	The country of Wuppertal is
1	english	the language used in pitcairn islands is english, with some influence from the pitcairn	The language used in Pitcairn Islands is
1	portuguese	the native language of eusébio is portuguese, but he was born in guinea-b	The native language of Eusébio is
0	spain	the country of madrid is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Madrid is
0	guitar	the instrument of odetta is a voice that is both achingly beautiful and	The instrument of Odetta is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira mutō is japan.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Akira Mutō is
0	india	the country of citizenship of madhava of sangamagrama is not known. he was a contemporary of the great	The country of citizenship of Madhava of Sangamagrama is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vasily alekseyev is russia.

vasily aleksey	The country of citizenship of Vasily Alekseyev is
1	blue	the eye color of tara reid is blue.

tara reid is a blue	The eye color of Tara Reid is
0	poetry	the genre of alphonse daudet is the novel. the genre of the novel is the	The genre of Alphonse Daudet is
0	italy	the country of pompeii is a place of great archaeological interest. it is a	The country of Pompeii is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of ya'qub ibn al-layth al-saffar is not known.

biography

y	The country of citizenship of Ya'qub ibn al-Layth al-Saffar is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of tomas tranströmer is sweden.

the country of citizenship of tomas	The country of citizenship of Tomas Tranströmer is
1	spanish	the language used in colombia is a mixture of spanish and indigenous languages. the indigenous	The language used in Colombia is
1	italy	the original country of salami is italy, but it is now produced in many countries	The original country of salami is
1	baseball	the sport played by j. j. hardy is baseball. he is a left-handed hitter and	The sport played by J. J. Hardy is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of raymond j. barry is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Raymond J. Barry is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené lacoste is france.

the country of citizenship of ren	The country of citizenship of René Lacoste is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of axel oxenstierna is sweden.

the country of citizenship of axel	The country of citizenship of Axel Oxenstierna is
1	paris	seine is located in the north of the city of paris, in the	Seine is located in
1	australia	the country of citizenship of bob brown is australia.

the country of citizenship of bob	The country of citizenship of Bob Brown is
1	microsoft	the developer of directx is microsoft, and the company has been working on the	The developer of DirectX is
1	french	the native language of jean rochefort is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Jean Rochefort is
1	jerusalem	israel museum is located in the old city of jerusalem, in the jewish quarter	Israel Museum is located in
0	asia	the continent of shymkent is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The continent of Shymkent is
1	morocco	the country of citizenship of mohammed v is morocco.

references

category:19	The country of citizenship of Mohammed V is
1	france	the country of citizenship of ludovic halévy is france.

the country of citizenship of lud	The country of citizenship of Ludovic Halévy is
1	judo	the sport played by international judo federation is judo. judo is a japanese martial art	The sport played by International Judo Federation is
0	italy	the country of frasassi caves is located in the province of cuneo, in	The country of Frasassi Caves is
1	jazz	the genre of lester young is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Lester Young is
1	bengali	the language used in dhaka division is bengali.

history

the dh	The language used in Dhaka Division is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of keiichi tsuchiya is japan.

the country of citizenship of ke	The country of citizenship of Keiichi Tsuchiya is
1	piano	the instrument of maurice ravel is a piano, and the instrument of claude debussy	The instrument of Maurice Ravel is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of diosdado macapagal is the philippines.

diosdado mac	The country of citizenship of Diosdado Macapagal is
0	christianity	the religion of james i of aragon is a matter of some controversy. the most common view	The religion of James I of Aragon is
1	baseball	the sport played by hank blalock is baseball. the sport played by hank blalock	The sport played by Hank Blalock is
0	christianity	the religion of common is a religion of the people. it is a religion	The religion of Common is
0	russian	the language of battleship potemkin is a language of the body, of the flesh,	The language of Battleship Potemkin is
1	english	the language used in great britain is english, which is a west germanic language.	The language used in Great Britain is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro romero martínez is spain.

the country of citizenship of pedro	The country of citizenship of Pedro Romero Martínez is
1	spanish	the native language of fernando álvarez de toledo, 3rd duke of alba is spanish. he was born in toledo, spain,	The native language of Fernando Álvarez de Toledo, 3rd Duke of Alba is
0	africa	the continent of chambeshi river is located in the northern part of the continent of ch	The continent of Chambeshi River is
0	japan	the country of fujitsu is a small country in the pacific ocean. it is	The country of Fujitsu is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of andreas baader is germany.

the country of citizenship of andreas	The country of citizenship of Andreas Baader is
0	buddhism	the religion of buddha loetla nabhalai is a religion of the ancient indian subcontinent.	The religion of Buddha Loetla Nabhalai is
0	green	the eye color of audrina patridge is blue. she is a blonde. she is a	The eye color of Audrina Patridge is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of sidney nolan is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of Sidney Nolan is
0	october	november follows the same pattern as september, with the exception of	November follows
0	nikolai	nicholas i of russia given name nicholas was the name of the first romanov ts	Nicholas I of Russia given name
1	piano	the instrument of glenn gould is a piano. it is a piano that is not	The instrument of Glenn Gould is
0	soprano	the voice type of birgit nilsson is a very important part of her character. she is	The voice type of Birgit Nilsson is
1	guitar	the instrument of barry cowsill is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Barry Cowsill is
1	march	april follows the same pattern as march, with the exception of	April follows
0	antarctica	the continent of macquarie island is located in the southern ocean, approximately 1,500	The continent of Macquarie Island is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis aragon is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis Aragon is
1	india	the country for sport played by jhulan goswami is india. she is a professional badminton player	The country for sport played by Jhulan Goswami is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of henderson álvarez is mexico.

the country of birth of henderson	The country of citizenship of Henderson Álvarez is
0	english	the language of god only knows is a beautiful and poetic language that is easy to understand	The language of God Only Knows is
0	pitcher	the team position of wilson álvarez is not yet known.

references

external	The team position of Wilson Álvarez is
1	o	the blood type of peggy lee is ab.

the blood type of peggy lee	The blood type of Peggy Lee is
0	english	the language of jack and the beanstalk is a very simple one. it is a language of	The language of Jack and the Beanstalk is
0	leon	léon m'ba given name

léon m'ba (born	Léon M'ba given name
0	pierre	the capital of south dakota is sioux falls, which is located in the state of	The capital of South Dakota is
0	canada	the country of canadian arctic archipelago is located in the northernmost part of the north american	The country of Canadian Arctic Archipelago is
0	botswana	the country of gaborone is a small, but very busy, city in bots	The country of Gaborone is
0	belgium	the country of madonna of bruges is a small, but important, country in the heart	The country of Madonna of Bruges is
1	handball	the sport played by international handball federation is a team sport played by two teams of seven players	The sport played by International Handball Federation is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of seasonal affective disorder is a relatively new one, and the first formal description	The health specialty of seasonal affective disorder is
1	guitar	the instrument of carly rae jepsen is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Carly Rae Jepsen is
0	alaska	ursus arctos middendorffi endemic to the arctic and subarctic regions of the northern	Ursus arctos middendorffi endemic to
0	mexico	durango is located in the heart of the san juan basin, a major	Durango is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gregor strasser is germany.

the country of citizenship of greg	The country of citizenship of Gregor Strasser is
0	english	the language of the raven is a beautiful, poetic, and haunting language. it	The language of The Raven is
0	salem	the capital of the colony known as the bay of massachusetts is a city of the united states of america. it	The capital of The Colony known as The Bay of Massachusetts is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hermann balck is germany.

the country of citizenship of herman	The country of citizenship of Hermann Balck is
0	india	the country of panchala is ruled by king yudhishthira.	The country of Panchala is
0	americana	the genre of emmylou harris is country music. she’s been doing it	The genre of Emmylou Harris is
0	france	the country for sport played by suzanne lenglen is the united states of america.

the country	The country for sport played by Suzanne Lenglen is
1	french	the native language of hubert beuve-méry is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Hubert Beuve-Méry is
1	french	the native language of dominique blanc is french.

biography

blanc	The native language of Dominique Blanc is
1	french	the official language of republic of dahomey is french.

history

the history of	The official language of Republic of Dahomey is
0	buddhism	the religion of ban ki-moon is a mystery.

the united nations secretary-	The religion of Ban Ki-moon is
1	french	the native language of jacques chirac is french. he was born in paris on july 1	The native language of Jacques Chirac is
1	bolivia	the country of citizenship of evo morales is bolivia.

the country of citizenship of ev	The country of citizenship of Evo Morales is
0	opera	the genre of antonio vivaldi is a difficult one to define. he is a composer	The genre of Antonio Vivaldi is
0	europe	the continent of socialist federal republic of yugoslavia is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is
1	judaism	the religion of menachem begin is judaism. he was born in the town of b	The religion of Menachem Begin is
1	violin	the instrument of witold lutosławski is a violin, which he has played since he was	The instrument of Witold Lutosławski is
1	islam	the religion of zainul abedin is islam.

zainul abedin was born	The religion of Zainul Abedin is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of mary jepkosgei keitany is kenya.

the country of birth of mary	The country of citizenship of Mary Jepkosgei Keitany is
1	ghana	the country of sekondi-takoradi is located in the western region of ghana. it is	The country of Sekondi-Takoradi is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of pedophilia is a relatively new one. it was not until the	The health specialty of pedophilia is
1	africa	the continent of tanganyika is located in east africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Tanganyika is
1	boeing	the manufacturer of b-52 stratofortress is boeing. the b-52 is a four-	The manufacturer of B-52 Stratofortress is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ichirō fujiyama is japan.

biography

early life	The country of citizenship of Ichirō Fujiyama is
0	latin	the language of bayeux tapestry is a mixture of old english and old french. the	The language of Bayeux Tapestry is
1	italian	the native language of enrico caruso is italian. he was born in naples, italy,	The native language of Enrico Caruso is
1	argentina	the country of bahía blanca is located in the province of buenos aires, argentina.	The country of Bahía Blanca is
1	english	the language used in grenada is english, with a few words of french and spanish	The language used in Grenada is
1	o	the blood type of cloris leachman is ab.

cloris leachman's	The blood type of Cloris Leachman is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-marie gustave le clézio is france.

jean-marie gustave le	The country of citizenship of Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clézio is
0	china	the country of chinese classics is a land of contradictions. on the one hand,	The country of Chinese classics is
1	india	odisha is located in the eastern part of india. it is the largest	Odisha is located in
0	guitar	the instrument of yanka dyagileva is a traditional russian instrument, which is a kind of	The instrument of Yanka Dyagileva is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois truffaut is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Truffaut is
0	german	the language of candy crush saga is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Candy Crush Saga is
0	112	the emergency phone number of suriname is:

+597-2-8-	The emergency phone number of Suriname is
0	violin	the instrument of werner klemperer is a very fine example of a german instrument of the	The instrument of Werner Klemperer is
0	france	the country of citizenship of henri, count of chambord is not known.

henri, count of	The country of citizenship of Henri, Count of Chambord is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of carl orff is germany.

carl orff was born in	The country of citizenship of Carl Orff is
0	islam	the religion of khalid ibn al-walid is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Khalid ibn al-Walid is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie-antoine carême is unknown.

biography

carê	The country of citizenship of Marie-Antoine Carême is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of félix resurrección hidalgo is mexico.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Félix Resurrección Hidalgo is
1	tyrol	innsbruck is capital of the austrian state of tyrol. it is located	Innsbruck is capital of
0	tokyo	the residence of masayoshi son is a sprawling, modernist building in the heart of	The residence of Masayoshi Son is
0	astronomy	the main subject of astrophysics data system is the astronomical data. the data are collected from the	The main subject of Astrophysics Data System is
1	volga	yaroslavl is located in or next to body of water called the volga river. the city is located	Yaroslavl is located in or next to body of water
0	granite	the material used in mont blanc is a very good one. it is a very strong	The material used in Mont Blanc is
1	japan	the country of shiga prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Shiga Prefecture is
0	112	the emergency phone number of burundi is +257-7-7-7-7	The emergency phone number of Burundi is
1	guitar	the instrument of dolly parton is a guitar, and the instrument of dolly part	The instrument of Dolly Parton is
1	cleveland	the headquarters location of case western reserve university is in cleveland, ohio. the university is a private	The headquarters location of Case Western Reserve University is
1	russian	the native language of maxim gorki is russian. he was born in 1868 in the	The native language of Maxim Gorki is
1	guitar	the instrument of chris montez is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Chris Montez is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joanna miles is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Joanna Miles is
0	judaism	the religion of adam brody is a mystery.

the actor, who plays	The religion of Adam Brody is
1	serbia	the country of citizenship of novak djokovic is serbia.

novak djokovic is	The country of citizenship of Novak Djokovic is
1	nile	aswan is located in or next to body of water.

the city is located in the nile	Aswan is located in or next to body of water
1	french	the native language of andré pieyre de mandiargues is french.

biography

andré	The native language of André Pieyre de Mandiargues is
0	manchu	the ethnic group of kangxi emperor is han chinese.

the ethnic group of qian	The ethnic group of Kangxi Emperor is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jason bay is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jason Bay is
0	leinster	county wicklow is located in the south-east of ireland, in the province	County Wicklow is located in
0	laos	the country of kuang si falls is a land of mystery and intrigue. the people of	The country of Kuang Si Falls is
1	mongolian	the official language of mongolia is mongolian. the mongolian language is a member	The official language of Mongolia is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of peter zumthor is switzerland.

peter zumthor was	The country of citizenship of Peter Zumthor is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of bret hart is canada.

the country of citizenship of bret	The country of citizenship of Bret Hart is
1	russian	the native language of valeri polyakov is russian. he was born in the city of k	The native language of Valeri Polyakov is
1	french	the native language of francis ponge is french, but he has been translated into many languages	The native language of Francis Ponge is
1	japan	the country of nara prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Nara Prefecture is
0	islam	the religion of dimash kudaibergen is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Dimash Kudaibergen is
0	christianity	the religion of pierre nkurunziza is a mystery.

the president of burund	The religion of Pierre Nkurunziza is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of arnaldo tamayo méndez is peru.

the country of citizenship of arn	The country of citizenship of Arnaldo Tamayo Méndez is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of al-mu'tadid is not known.

references

category:	The ethnic group of Al-Mu'tadid is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nobusuke kishi is japan.

the country of citizenship of nob	The country of citizenship of Nobusuke Kishi is
1	germany	the country of luther monument (worms) is a small town in the middle of germany. it	The country of Luther monument (Worms) is
0	hunan	changsha is located in the south of china, and is the capital of	Changsha is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by kevin garnett is basketball. the sport played by kevin garnett is	The sport played by Kevin Garnett is
1	california	san francisco peninsula is located in the san francisco bay area, california, united states	San Francisco Peninsula is located in
1	scots	the official language of kingdom of scotland is scots, a celtic language. the scots language is	The official language of Kingdom of Scotland is
1	guitar	the instrument of bea miller is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Bea Miller is
1	africa	the continent of ashanti empire is located in the middle of the african continent. it	The continent of Ashanti Empire is
1	nigeria	the country of abeokuta is located in the south-western part of nigeria.	The country of Abeokuta is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of nikolaus harnoncourt is austria.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Nikolaus Harnoncourt is
0	pitcher	the team position of andrew miller is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Andrew Miller is
1	india	the country of citizenship of naseeruddin shah is india.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Naseeruddin Shah is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of daniel libeskind is israel.

daniel libeskind is a	The country of citizenship of Daniel Libeskind is
0	islam	the religion of barkhad abdi is a mystery.

the somali-born actor	The religion of Barkhad Abdi is
1	mongolian	the official language of ilkhanate is mongolian. the ilkhanate was a	The official language of Ilkhanate is
1	asia	the continent of amur is located in the eastern part of the asian continent.	The continent of Amur is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of kia silverbrook is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Kia Silverbrook is
0	french	jean-françois de galaup, comte de la pérouse writing languages

jean-françois de galau	Jean-François de Galaup, comte de La Pérouse writing languages
1	italian	the official language of turin is italian. the official language of the province of tur	The official language of Turin is
1	french	the native language of albert camus is french. he was born in algeria in 1913 and	The native language of Albert Camus is
0	basketball	the sport played by cedric ceballos is a sport that is played in the united states,	The sport played by Cedric Ceballos is
0	colonel	the military rank of alexandre de serpa pinto is unknown.

biography

alexandre	The military rank of Alexandre de Serpa Pinto is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of ryan reynolds is canada.

ryan reynolds was born on may	The country of citizenship of Ryan Reynolds is
0	jerusalem	the capital of israel is tel aviv. it is a city of beaches,	The capital of Israel is
1	kabul	the capital of afghanistan is the city of kabul. it is located in the	The capital of Afghanistan is
0	antarctica	the continent of antarctic circle is the coldest and driest continent in the world	The continent of Antarctic Circle is
0	canada	the country of baffin bay is a land of ice and snow, where the sun	The country of Baffin Bay is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of manuel pinto da costa is portugal.

the country of citizenship of manuel	The country of citizenship of Manuel Pinto da Costa is
1	guitar	the instrument of hank williams is a guitar, and the instrument of hank williams jr	The instrument of Hank Williams is
0	islam	the religion of anthony mundine is a mystery.

the australian boxer, who	The religion of Anthony Mundine is
1	spanish	the native language of benito pérez galdós is spanish, but he wrote in the castilian language	The native language of Benito Pérez Galdós is
1	hinduism	the religion of pallava is a form of hinduism. the pallavas	The religion of Pallava is
1	minsk	the capital of belarus is minsk. it is the second largest city in	The capital of Belarus is
0	brown	the eye color of elle macpherson is a mystery.

the australian model, who	The eye color of Elle Macpherson is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of clemens brentano is not known.

biography

b	The country of citizenship of Clemens Brentano is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of mandaluyong is the seat of the local government of mandaluyong	The office held by head of government of Mandaluyong is
0	italian	the language of bocce is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of bocce is
1	karnataka	bengaluru is capital of karnataka state in india. it is the second	Bengaluru is capital of
1	chad	n'djamena is capital of chad, a country in central africa. it is	N'Djamena is capital of
0	islam	the religion of al-khwarizmi is a religion of the past. it is a religion	The religion of Al-Khwarizmi is
1	russian	the native language of eldar ryazanov is russian. he was born in the city of ry	The native language of Eldar Ryazanov is
1	france	paris is capital of france, and the most visited city in the world	Paris is capital of
1	guitar	the instrument of butch walker is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Butch Walker is
1	catholicism	the official religion of first french empire is roman catholicism.

the official language of first	The official religion of First French Empire is
0	portugal	the country of portuguese india is a portuguese colony in india. it was founded in	The country of Portuguese India is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of henry ross is not known.

henry ross was born in	The country of citizenship of Henry Ross is
1	germany	the country of bielefeld is located in the north of germany. it is a	The country of Bielefeld is
1	trieste	the capital of friuli–venezia giulia is trieste, which is also the capital of the	The capital of Friuli–Venezia Giulia is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of manuel dos reis machado is portugal.

the country of citizenship of manuel	The country of citizenship of Manuel dos Reis Machado is
1	english	the language of revised version is a little different from that of the
english bible	The language of Revised Version is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by francisco franco is spanish, and the official language of the state is	The languages spoken, written or signed by Francisco Franco is
0	malaysia	the country of citizenship of irene ng is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Irene Ng is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of adrian frutiger is switzerland.

adrian frutiger was	The country of citizenship of Adrian Frutiger is
0	verse	the genre of robert burns is a difficult one to define. he is a poet	The genre of Robert Burns is
1	thailand	bangkok is capital of thailand and the largest city in the country. it	Bangkok is capital of
0	admiral	the military rank of anne, princess royal is

royal navy

royal air force	The military rank of Anne, Princess Royal is
1	hungarian	the official language of hungary is hungarian. the official language of the autonomous region of	The official language of Hungary is
1	italian	the native language of pius vi is italian, but he also spoke french, spanish,	The native language of Pius VI is
1	france	the original country of bal du moulin de la galette is france. the name of the dance is derived from	The original country of Bal du moulin de la Galette is
0	buddhism	the religion of oliver stone is a mystery.

the director of “	The religion of Oliver Stone is
1	baritone	the voice type of josh groban is a baritone. he has a very deep voice	The voice type of Josh Groban is
1	basalt	the material used in mauna kea is a type of volcanic rock called basalt. it	The material used in Mauna Kea is
1	basketball	the sport played by joel embiid is basketball. the sport played by joel embiid	The sport played by Joel Embiid is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jim peebles is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jim Peebles is
0	basketball	the sport played by manny pacquiao is a sport of the people.

the sport	The sport played by Manny Pacquiao is
1	english	the official language of kumasi is english.

history

the history of	The official language of Kumasi is
1	chess	the sport played by judit polgár is chess. she is the world’s top	The sport played by Judit Polgár is
0	islam	the religion of carlos the jackal is a mystery.

the former terrorist, who	The religion of Carlos the Jackal is
0	aquitaine	bordeaux is capital of the gironde department in the nouvelle-	Bordeaux is capital of
0	germany	the country of christian democratic union is a member of the european union.

the	The country of Christian Democratic Union is
0	maine	augusta is capital of the state of georgia, and is the largest city	Augusta is capital of
1	english	the official language of british columbia is english.

the official language of the northwest	The official language of British Columbia is
0	square	the developer of final fantasy iv is making a new game. it’s called	The developer of Final Fantasy IV is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of tanburi büyük osman bey is turkey.

the country of citizenship of tan	The country of citizenship of Tanburi Büyük Osman Bey is
0	homosexuality	homophobia is facet of the same problem.

i’m	homophobia is facet of
1	johannesburg	the capital of gauteng is johannesburg. it is the largest city in south	The capital of Gauteng is
0	islam	the religion of dodi fayed is a mystery.

the son of the late	The religion of Dodi Fayed is
1	english	the language used in saint lucia is english, french, and creole. the official	The language used in Saint Lucia is
0	piano	the instrument of moby is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Moby is
1	spanish	the official language of acapulco is spanish.

history

the city of	The official language of Acapulco is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of otto strasser is not known.

otto strasser was	The country of citizenship of Otto Strasser is
0	english	the language of frankenstein is a language of the body, a language of the	The language of Frankenstein is
1	islam	the religion of kazakh khanate is islam. the kazakhs are the largest muslim ethnic	The religion of Kazakh Khanate is
0	vienna	the residence of johannes brahms is a museum in hamburg, germany.

j	The residence of Johannes Brahms is
0	japanese	the language of asahi shimbun is a little bit different from the english language.	The language of Asahi Shimbun is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of steve nash is canada.

the country of citizenship of steve	The country of citizenship of Steve Nash is
1	judaism	the religion of mandy patinkin is judaism. he is a practicing jew. he is	The religion of Mandy Patinkin is
1	french	the native language of marie sallé is french. she was born in paris, france.	The native language of Marie Sallé is
0	motown	the record label of stevie wonder is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. the label	The record label of Stevie Wonder is
0	hinduism	the religion of virat kohli is cricket. he is a man of many faiths,	The religion of Virat Kohli is
0	english	edward smith-stanley, 14th earl of derby writing languages

edward smith-stanley, 14th	Edward Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby writing languages
1	australia	the country of citizenship of malcolm fraser is australia.

the country of citizenship of malcolm	The country of citizenship of Malcolm Fraser is
0	catholicism	the religion of ramón villeda morales is a mystery.

the former president of guatemala	The religion of Ramón Villeda Morales is
0	christianity	the religion of san people is a religion of the ancestors. it is a religion	The religion of San people is
0	europe	the continent of brussels-capital region is a very interesting place to visit. it is a	The continent of Brussels-Capital Region is
0	mass	moment of inertia calculated from the measured moment of inertia of the rotor and the	moment of inertia calculated from
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of arturo ripstein is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Arturo Ripstein is
1	argentina	the country of misiones province is located in the north-eastern part of argentina	The country of Misiones Province is
0	german	the native language of catherine ii of russia is not russian, but polish. she was born in	The native language of Catherine II of Russia is
0	asia	the continent of sikh empire is a land of many cultures and religions. the people	The continent of Sikh Empire is
0	france	the country of citizenship of annie fratellini is italy.

the country of citizenship of annie	The country of citizenship of Annie Fratellini is
1	hindi	the native language of rajesh khanna is hindi. he was born on 15th of may	The native language of Rajesh Khanna is
0	christianity	the religion of jodi benson is a mystery.

the actress, who played	The religion of Jodi Benson is
0	indonesia	dutch east indies replaced by the dutch east indies

the dutch east indies	Dutch East Indies replaced by
1	english	the language of dubliners is a mixture of irish and english, with a few	The language of Dubliners is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of alicia de larrocha is spain.

the country of citizenship of alicia	The country of citizenship of Alicia de Larrocha is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise-athénaïs, marquise de montespan is france.

the country of citizenship of franç	The country of citizenship of Françoise-Athénaïs, marquise de Montespan is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of lech wałęsa is poland.

the country of birth of le	The country of citizenship of Lech Wałęsa is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gérard de villiers is not known.

biography

g	The country of citizenship of Gérard de Villiers is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of friedensreich hundertwasser is austria.

the country of birth of fried	The country of citizenship of Friedensreich Hundertwasser is
0	cavalry	the military branch of philip sheridan is the most powerful branch of the united states military.	The military branch of Philip Sheridan is
1	french	the native language of alphonse daudet is french. he was born in paris in 1840 and	The native language of Alphonse Daudet is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of richard wagner is germany.

the country of citizenship of richard	The country of citizenship of Richard Wagner is
1	japan	the original country of momoiro clover z is japan. the group was formed in 2005 by the	The original country of Momoiro Clover Z is
0	france	the country of citizenship of betsy drake is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Betsy Drake is
1	french	the native language of marcel duchamp is french. he was born in 1887 in the	The native language of Marcel Duchamp is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of hussain muhammad ershad is bangladesh.

the country of citizenship of hussain	The country of citizenship of Hussain Muhammad Ershad is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of ernesto samper is colombia.

ernesto samper	The country of citizenship of Ernesto Samper is
0	english	the language of blonde on blonde is a kind of code, a code that is not	The language of Blonde on Blonde is
1	english	the language of amos 'n' andy is a dialect of american english, and the show's	The language of Amos 'n' Andy is
0	asia	the continent of sumatra is located in the western part of the island of sum	The continent of Sumatra is
0	victoria	the capital of british columbia is vancouver, which is located on the west coast of	The capital of British Columbia is
0	english	the language of village voice is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Village Voice is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of mika waltari is finland.

the country of citizenship of m	The country of citizenship of Mika Waltari is
1	hinduism	the religion of sher bahadur deuba is hinduism. he is a follower of the va	The religion of Sher Bahadur Deuba is
1	english	the native language of gavin mcinnes is english, but he’s been speaking french	The native language of Gavin McInnes is
0	quarterback	the team position of bart starr is the most debated topic in the history of the nfl	The team position of Bart Starr is
0	judaism	the religion of marcus goldman is a mystery.

the former pastor of the	The religion of Marcus Goldman is
1	english	the official language of international monetary fund is english.

the imf is an international organization	The official language of International Monetary Fund is
0	cricket	the sport played by shivnarine chanderpaul is a game of patience, of waiting for the ball	The sport played by Shivnarine Chanderpaul is
1	michigan	lansing is capital of michigan, and the capital of the state of michigan	Lansing is capital of
1	indonesia	the country of west sumatra is located in the western part of indonesia. it is	The country of West Sumatra is
1	argentina	the country of province of jujuy is located in the north of argentina, in the northwest	The country of Province of Jujuy is
1	guitar	the instrument of shakira is a guitar, and the song is a guitar solo	The instrument of Shakira is
1	ireland	the original country of irish setter is ireland. the breed was developed in the early 1800	The original country of Irish Setter is
0	hinduism	the religion of rekha is a religion of love. it is a religion of	The religion of Rekha is
0	netherlands	friesland is located in the province of friesland, in the north	Friesland is located in
1	vietnam	the original country of bánh mì is vietnam, but the sandwich is now a global phenomenon	The original country of bánh mì is
1	baseball	the sport played by yomiuri giants is called nippon professional baseball. it is a	The sport played by Yomiuri Giants is
0	french	the native language of jacqueline beer is english. she was born in the united states and	The native language of Jacqueline Beer is
1	portuguese	the native language of dilma rousseff is portuguese. she was born in the city of rec	The native language of Dilma Rousseff is
0	slovene	the official language of socialist federal republic of yugoslavia is serbo-croatian.

the	The official language of Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is
1	arabic	the language of al-gama'a is a dialect of arabic, and the language of the	The language of Al-Gama'a is
1	beijing	the headquarters location of people's daily is in beijing, china.

history	The headquarters location of People's Daily is
0	leon	león febres-cordero given name

león febres-cordero	León Febres-Cordero given name
1	france	the country of citizenship of philippe petit is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Philippe Petit is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ricky martin is argentina.

the country of citizenship of ricky	The country of citizenship of Ricky Martin is
0	canada	the country of canadian broadcasting corporation is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gustave courbet is unknown.

biography

courbet	The country of citizenship of Gustave Courbet is
0	portugal	portuguese empire replaced by the united states of america

the portuguese empire	Portuguese Empire replaced by
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of tuʻi tonga empire is a hereditary monarchy. the current monarch is king t	The basic form of government of Tuʻi Tonga Empire is
1	mexico	the country of nevado de toluca is located in the state of mexico, in the central	The country of Nevado de Toluca is
0	soprano	the voice type of beatriz michelena is a female. the voice age of beatriz michel	The voice type of Beatriz Michelena is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm kempff is germany.

the country of citizenship of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Kempff is
0	reggae	the genre of lee "scratch" perry is one of the most important in the history of reg	The genre of Lee "Scratch" Perry is
1	piano	the instrument of leonard bernstein is the piano. it is the instrument that he plays	The instrument of Leonard Bernstein is
1	italy	the original country of lasagne is italy, but it is now a popular dish in	The original country of lasagne is
0	english	the language of days of our lives is a little bit like the language of the bible.	The language of Days of Our Lives is
0	piano	the instrument of bonnie mckee is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Bonnie McKee is
0	english	the language of a confederacy of dunces is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of A Confederacy of Dunces is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akira toriyama is japan.

the country of residence of akira	The country of citizenship of Akira Toriyama is
1	french	the native language of claude bernard is french.

biography

claude	The native language of Claude Bernard is
1	amsterdam	the headquarters location of ing group is in amsterdam, netherlands. the company is a global	The headquarters location of ING Group is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of seán mac diarmada is ireland.

the country of citizenship of se	The country of citizenship of Seán Mac Diarmada is
0	english	the language of prison break is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Prison Break is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jacques mesrine is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jacques Mesrine is
0	admiral	the military rank of rainier i of monaco, lord of cagnes is shown as "general" in the list of the	The military rank of Rainier I of Monaco, Lord of Cagnes is
1	saxophone	the instrument of kenny g is a saxophone, and the instrument of kenny g	The instrument of Kenny G is
1	cairo	the headquarters location of egyptian museum is in cairo, egypt. the museum is located in	The headquarters location of Egyptian Museum is
0	catholicism	the religion of rené lévesque is a religion of the heart.

it is	The religion of René Lévesque is
0	hungarian	the language used in slovakia is a mixture of slovak and czech. the slov	The language used in Slovakia is
0	baseball	the sport played by josé mesa is a sport that is played in the streets of the	The sport played by José Mesa is
0	murder	duane chapman convicted of killing his wife, mother-in-law and	Duane Chapman convicted of
0	catholicism	the religion of georges lemaître is a religion of the future. it is a religion	The religion of Georges Lemaître is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of carles puigdemont is belgium.

the country of citizenship of ori	The country of citizenship of Carles Puigdemont is
1	hinduism	the religion of bhavabhūti is a form of hinduism that was founded by the	The religion of Bhavabhūti is
0	hinduism	the religion of kajol is a secret. she is a hindu, but she	The religion of Kajol is
1	islam	the religion of ottoman empire is islam. the majority of the population is sunni muslim	The religion of Ottoman Empire is
1	japan	hyōgo prefecture is located in the kansai region of japan. it is	Hyōgo Prefecture is located in
0	portuguese	joão guimarães rosa writing languages

joão guimarães rosa (	João Guimarães Rosa writing languages
1	brazil	the country for sport played by cafu is brazil.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Cafu is
0	hinduism	the religion of gulab singh is a mystery. he was a man of many contradictions	The religion of Gulab Singh is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dhirubhai ambani is india.

the country of citizenship of an	The country of citizenship of Dhirubhai Ambani is
0	spain	the country of palma is a small island in the mediterranean sea, located in	The country of Palma is
0	pitcher	the team position of grover cleveland alexander is not known.

references

external links	The team position of Grover Cleveland Alexander is
0	count	the noble title of rudolph i of germany is the most famous of all german noble titles. it	The noble title of Rudolph I of Germany is
1	hungary	nógrád county is located in the north-west of hungary, in the great	Nógrád County is located in
0	brown	the eye color of genevieve nnaji is a mystery.

the nigerian actress, who	The eye color of Genevieve Nnaji is
1	sudan	khartoum is capital of the republic of sudan. it is located in the	Khartoum is capital of
0	friday	saturday follows the same pattern as saturday, but with a few	Saturday follows
0	pitcher	the team position of jim maloney is a bit of a mystery. he is a former	The team position of Jim Maloney is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of innokenty smoktunovsky is russia.

the country of citizenship of inn	The country of citizenship of Innokenty Smoktunovsky is
1	nigeria	ekiti state is located in the middle of nigeria. it is the capital of	Ekiti State is located in
1	kyrgyzstan	bishkek is located in the north of kyrgyzstan, in the	Bishkek is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of p. v. narasimha rao is a mystery. he was a hindu, but he	The religion of P. V. Narasimha Rao is
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of france is a land of many cultures and languages. the french	The continent of Kingdom of France is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kerri-anne kennerley is australia.

the country of citizenship of ker	The country of citizenship of Kerri-Anne Kennerley is
1	german	the official language of weimar republic is german.

history

the weimar	The official language of Weimar Republic is
0	prague	the residence of hana hegerová is a small, two-story house in the village	The residence of Hana Hegerová is
1	hinduism	the religion of satyendra nath bose is a form of hinduism. he was born in	The religion of Satyendra Nath Bose is
0	asia	the continent of phnom penh is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The continent of Phnom Penh is
0	baritone	the voice type of draco rosa is a very interesting one. he has a very deep	The voice type of Draco Rosa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henry de montherlant is france.

the country of citizenship of henry	The country of citizenship of Henry de Montherlant is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of gunnar ekelöf is sweden.

the country of citizenship of gun	The country of citizenship of Gunnar Ekelöf is
1	japan	the country of mitsubishi ufj financial group is a large financial services company in japan. it is	The country of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of hermann oberth is germany.

the country of citizenship of herman	The country of citizenship of Hermann Oberth is
1	korean	the official language of chongjin is north korean.

history

the city	The official language of Chongjin is
1	russia	the country of voronezh is located in the south of russia, in the european	The country of Voronezh is
1	o	the blood type of julie kavner is a+ and her husband is o-. they have	The blood type of Julie Kavner is
0	dutch	the languages spoken, written or signed by william iv, prince of orange is a list of the languages he spoke, written or	The languages spoken, written or signed by William IV, Prince of Orange is
0	scotland	shetland islands is located in the north atlantic ocean, between the norwegian sea and	Shetland Islands is located in
0	catholicism	the religion of frank skinner is a mystery.

the comedian, who has	The religion of Frank Skinner is
0	english	the language of foreign affairs is a bit of a minefield. the magazine is	The language of Foreign Affairs is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by rodrigo borja cevallos is spanish, english, and spanish.

rod	The languages spoken, written or signed by Rodrigo Borja Cevallos is
1	islam	the religion of abubakar tafawa balewa is islam. he was born in the village of k	The religion of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa is
0	pitcher	the team position of mudcat grant is to provide a platform for the development of new and	The team position of Mudcat Grant is
0	canada	the country of montreal canadiens is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Montreal Canadiens is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of harald zur hausen is germany.

the country of citizenship of har	The country of citizenship of Harald zur Hausen is
0	archduke	the noble title of maximilian i is a german title of nobility, originally granted to the	The noble title of Maximilian I is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toyokuni is japan.

the country of citizenship of toy	The country of citizenship of Toyokuni is
0	5	friday named after the first president of the united states, george washington	Friday named after
1	italian	the native language of ludovico einaudi is italian, but he has been writing in english since	The native language of Ludovico Einaudi is
1	english	the official language of united states virgin islands is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of United States Virgin Islands is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of klaus kinski is germany.

klaus kinski was born	The country of citizenship of Klaus Kinski is
1	japan	the original country of shimeji is japan. it is a member of the genus as	The original country of Shimeji is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of jack brabham is australia.

the country of citizenship of his	The country of citizenship of Jack Brabham is
0	blue	the eye color of catherine of aragon is a matter of some dispute. the most common theory	The eye color of Catherine of Aragon is
1	guitar	the instrument of glen campbell is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Glen Campbell is
1	wales	welsh is indigenous to wales, and is spoken by about 3.5	Welsh is indigenous to
1	philippines	the country of luzon is the largest island in the philippines. it is the	The country of Luzon is
1	czech	the native language of václav havel is czech. he was born in the czech republic,	The native language of Václav Havel is
0	bavaria	hesse shares a border with the netherlands, germany, belgium, luxembourg, france	Hesse shares a border with
0	pitcher	the team position of roger clemens is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Roger Clemens is
1	japan	the country of aomori prefecture is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Aomori Prefecture is
1	islam	the religion of ahmed iii is a mixture of islam and sufism. the	The religion of Ahmed III is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of cebu city is the seat of the local government of cebu	The office held by head of government of Cebu City is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dino de laurentiis is italy.

dino de laurentiis	The country of citizenship of Dino De Laurentiis is
0	buddhism	the religion of chun doo-hwan is a cult of personality.

the cult of	The religion of Chun Doo-hwan is
0	saxophone	the instrument of jimmy dorsey is a clarinet, and the instrument of tommy dor	The instrument of Jimmy Dorsey is
0	baseball	the sport played by kelvin herrera is a game of inches.

the closer is	The sport played by Kelvin Herrera is
1	911	the emergency phone number of cayman islands is 911.

cayman islands is a	The emergency phone number of Cayman Islands is
1	jazz	the genre of tommy dorsey is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Tommy Dorsey is
1	german	the native language of konrad adenauer is german. he was born in the small town of	The native language of Konrad Adenauer is
0	green	the eye color of amanda seyfried is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Amanda Seyfried is
1	brussels	the headquarters location of european union is in brussels, belgium. the european union is a	The headquarters location of European Union is
0	bronze	the material used in artemis and the stag is a combination of polypropylene and polyethylene	The material used in Artemis and the Stag is
0	christianity	the religion of frederick ii, holy roman emperor is a matter of some controversy. the most common view	The religion of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nobuyoshi araki is japan.

the country of citizenship of nob	The country of citizenship of Nobuyoshi Araki is
1	english	the native language of ryan phillippe is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Ryan Phillippe is
0	judaism	the religion of kyra sedgwick is a religion of the body. she is a body	The religion of Kyra Sedgwick is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of graham norton is the united kingdom.

graham norton has been	The country of citizenship of Graham Norton is
0	english	the language of airplane! is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Airplane! is
1	english	the language of the story of the kelly gang is a mixture of english and the australian aboriginal language of	The language of The Story of the Kelly Gang is
1	persian	the native language of sadegh hedayat is persian. he was born in tehran, iran,	The native language of Sadegh Hedayat is
1	english	the native language of josh brolin is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Josh Brolin is
0	prague	the headquarters location of platform of european memory and conscience is in the city of thessaloniki, greece	The headquarters location of Platform of European Memory and Conscience is
0	rape	bilal skaf convicted of murder in the first degree

bilal	Bilal Skaf convicted of
0	violin	the instrument of phil harris is a guitar, and the instrument of phil harris is	The instrument of Phil Harris is
0	republic	the basic form of government of ireland is a parliamentary democracy. the irish constitution provides for a	The basic form of government of Ireland is
1	japan	the country of mie prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is b	The country of Mie Prefecture is
1	a	the blood type of van dyke parks is a-b-o-a-b-	The blood type of Van Dyke Parks is
1	french	the language used in manitoba is a mixture of english and french. the french language	The language used in Manitoba is
1	japan	the original country of pac-man is japan, but the game was released in the united	The original country of Pac-Man is
1	edmonton	university of alberta is located in edmonton, alberta, canada. the university of alberta	University of Alberta is located in
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel ney is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Michel Ney is
1	hungary	jász-nagykun-szolnok county is located in the north-east of hungary, in the middle	Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County is located in
1	bulgaria	the country of varna is located in the south-eastern part of bulgaria	The country of Varna is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ōyama iwao is japan.

ōyama iwao	The country of citizenship of Ōyama Iwao is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shizuka arakawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of sh	The country of citizenship of Shizuka Arakawa is
0	moscow	moskva river is located in the south of russia, in the south-e	Moskva River is located in
0	wax	the material used in candle is the most important part of the candle. the material	The material used in candle is
0	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of saman khuda is not known.

career
saman	The country of citizenship of Saman Khuda is
1	fantasy	the genre of terry pratchett is fantasy. the setting is the discworld. the	The genre of Terry Pratchett is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of fanny cochrane smith is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Fanny Cochrane Smith is
0	hinduism	the religion of jay chandrasekhar is a mystery.

the director of the upcoming	The religion of Jay Chandrasekhar is
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul cézanne is disputed.

biography

cé	The country of citizenship of Paul Cézanne is
0	brown	the eye color of minka kelly is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Minka Kelly is
0	captivity	prisoner of war is facet of the war.

the war is over.	prisoner of war is facet of
1	europe	the continent of bosporan kingdom is located in the northern part of the continent of europe	The continent of Bosporan Kingdom is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of ernst gideon von laudon is not known.

ernst gideon von	The country of citizenship of Ernst Gideon von Laudon is
0	harmonica	the instrument of huey lewis is a guitar, and the instrument of huey lewis	The instrument of Huey Lewis is
1	malaysia	the country of penang island is located in the north of malaysia. it is a	The country of Penang Island is
0	scots	the native language of james iv of scotland is gaelic, and he was educated in the scottish	The native language of James IV of Scotland is
0	zimbabwe	the country of great limpopo transfrontier park is a protected area in south africa and mozambique	The country of Great Limpopo Transfrontier Park is
1	estonia	tallinn is located in the north-eastern part of estonia, on	Tallinn is located in
0	wayne	the family name of batman is a mystery. the name is never mentioned in the	The family name of Batman is
0	kent	the family name of superman is kal-el, which is a kryptonian name	The family name of Superman is
1	russia	the original country of vodka is russia. the first distillery was founded in 17	The original country of vodka is
1	london	the headquarters location of british academy is in london, england.

the british academy	The headquarters location of British Academy is
1	france	the country of citizenship of édith piaf is france.

the country of birth of é	The country of citizenship of Édith Piaf is
0	guitar	the instrument of vincent gallo is a camera. it is a camera that is not	The instrument of Vincent Gallo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gaston leroux is france.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Gaston Leroux is
1	japan	the country of tokyo medical and dental university is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Tokyo Medical and Dental University is
1	spain	the country of sherry is located in the south of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Sherry is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of eric mccormack is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Eric McCormack is
0	france	the country of citizenship of lucien petipa is russia.

the country of citizenship of mikhail	The country of citizenship of Lucien Petipa is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of alberto lleras camargo is colombia.

the country of citizenship of alberto	The country of citizenship of Alberto Lleras Camargo is
1	india	the original country of masala chai is india. it is a popular drink in the indian	The original country of Masala chai is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of juliusz słowacki is poland.

the country of citizenship of w	The country of citizenship of Juliusz Słowacki is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of panthera uncia is "least concern". the species faces no immediate	The IUCN conservation status of Panthera uncia is
1	german	the native language of carl gustav jacob jacobi is german. he was born in the town of t	The native language of Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of gamal abdel nasser is egypt.

the country of citizenship of gam	The country of citizenship of Gamal Abdel Nasser is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of david hayter is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of David Hayter is
1	poland	the country of łódź is located in the central part of poland, in the	The country of Łódź is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of belinda clark is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Belinda Clark is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of karl wallenda is austria.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl Wallenda is
0	english	the language used in biorxiv is not the same as that used in the published article	The language used in bioRxiv is
0	catholicism	the religion of scarlett o'hara is a mystery.

the heroine of "g	The religion of Scarlett O'Hara is
1	english	the language of who wants to be a millionaire? is english.

the show is hosted by the	The language of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? is
1	o	the blood type of lucy liu is a+ and her husband is a-	The blood type of Lucy Liu is
0	english	the language of the exorcist is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of The Exorcist is
0	english	the official language of niue is niuean.

history

the	The official language of Niue is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of tancredo neves is brazil.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Tancredo Neves is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of donald sutherland is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Donald Sutherland is
1	jew	the ethnic group of theodore bikel is jewish.

the ethnic group of theodore bike	The ethnic group of Theodore Bikel is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of matthew reilly is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Matthew Reilly is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of brett hull is canada.

the country of citizenship of brett	The country of citizenship of Brett Hull is
1	wrestling	the sport played by united world wrestling is a form of wrestling that is played by two teams	The sport played by United World Wrestling is
0	english	the language of saving private ryan is a little bit like the language of the bible.	The language of Saving Private Ryan is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tadao ando is japan.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tadao Ando is
0	france	the original country of peg solitaire is the united states of america. the game was invented	The original country of Peg solitaire is
1	guitar	the instrument of ryan adams is a guitar, and the instrument of ryan adams is	The instrument of Ryan Adams is
0	telugu	the native language of vijayashanti is tamil. she was born in chennai, india.	The native language of Vijayashanti is
1	ios	the operating system of iphone is ios. it is a mobile operating system developed by	The operating system of iPhone is
0	major	the military rank of douglas jardine is unknown.

biography

douglas	The military rank of Douglas Jardine is
1	english	the native language of gary coleman is english. he was born in gary, indiana,	The native language of Gary Coleman is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of isoroku yamamoto is japan.

the country of birth of is	The country of citizenship of Isoroku Yamamoto is
1	france	the country of clermont-ferrand is located in the auvergne region of france	The country of Clermont-Ferrand is
0	christianity	the religion of yakubu gowon is a mystery. he was a muslim, but he	The religion of Yakubu Gowon is
0	baritone	the voice type of titta ruffo is a male. the voice age of titta ruff	The voice type of Titta Ruffo is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of elizabeth arden is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Elizabeth Arden is
1	norway	the country of bergen is located in the north of norway. it is the	The country of Bergen is
1	australia	the original country of nick cave and the bad seeds is australia, but the band has been based in the	The original country of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds is
1	spanish	the official language of el salvador is spanish.

the official currency is the col	The official language of El Salvador is
1	russian	the native language of joseph brodsky is russian. he was born in leningrad in	The native language of Joseph Brodsky is
1	tennis	the sport played by wta tour is tennis. it is a sport that is played by	The sport played by WTA Tour is
0	blue	the eye color of marianne gravatte is a mystery.

the french-born,	The eye color of Marianne Gravatte is
0	latin	the native language of lucius accius is unknown. he was born in the roman colony of	The native language of Lucius Accius is
1	germany	the country of kiel canal is located in the north of germany. it is a	The country of Kiel Canal is
1	112	the emergency phone number of european union is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of European Union is
0	egypt	the country of library of alexandria is a fictional country in the dc comics universe. it	The country of Library of Alexandria is
0	mumbai	the place of birth of rajiv gandhi is a matter of controversy. the place of birth of	The place of birth of Rajiv Gandhi is
1	dutch	the official language of flanders is dutch. the official language of wallonia is french	The official language of Flanders is
1	guitar	the instrument of katrina leskanich is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Katrina Leskanich is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sunil dutt is india.

the country of citizenship of sun	The country of citizenship of Sunil Dutt is
1	azerbaijan	the country of nakhchivan autonomous republic is located in the south of azerbaijan. it is a	The country of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of moshe katsav is israel.

moshe katsav is a	The country of citizenship of Moshe Katsav is
0	baseball	the sport played by jerry coleman is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Jerry Coleman is
0	manhattan	the headquarters location of columbia university is in new york city, new york. the university	The headquarters location of Columbia University is
1	islam	the religion of ahmad ibn tulun is a branch of the sunni islam. the religion of	The religion of Ahmad ibn Tulun is
1	hyderabad	the capital of andhra pradesh is hyderabad. it is the largest city in the	The capital of Andhra Pradesh is
1	basketball	the sport played by carmelo anthony is basketball. the sport played by carmelo anthony is	The sport played by Carmelo Anthony is
1	jakarta	the capital of dutch east indies is jakarta. the capital of indonesia is jakarta.	The capital of Dutch East Indies is
1	islam	the religion of ahmad tajuddin of brunei is islam. he was born on may 1, 18	The religion of Ahmad Tajuddin of Brunei is
0	blue	the eye color of sharon case is a very important part of her identity. she has	The eye color of Sharon Case is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of minamoto no yoshitsune is unknown.

yoshitsune was born	The country of citizenship of Minamoto no Yoshitsune is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of herman lamm is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Herman Lamm is
1	mass	the measured physical quantity of kilogram is the mass of a kilogram of a substance.	The measured physical quantity of kilogram is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by francesco maria piave is:

italian

francesco maria	The languages spoken, written or signed by Francesco Maria Piave is
0	english	the native language of thomas alva edison is italian. he was born in milan, italy,	The native language of Thomas Alva Edison is
1	india	the country of berhampur is located in the state of odisha in india.	The country of Berhampur is
0	france	the country of citizenship of john theophilus desaguliers is not known.

john theophilus des	The country of citizenship of John Theophilus Desaguliers is
0	blue	the eye color of maitland ward is a mystery.

the former professional basketball player	The eye color of Maitland Ward is
0	somalia	the country of puntland is located in the horn of africa, and is b	The country of Puntland is
1	banjo	the instrument of earl scruggs is a banjo, and the instrument of earl sc	The instrument of Earl Scruggs is
0	english	the language of the last rose of summer is a beautiful, poetic, and hauntingly beautiful language	The language of The Last Rose of Summer is
0	nepal	the country of citizenship of prithvi narayan shah is disputed. the british claimed that he was born in	The country of citizenship of Prithvi Narayan Shah is
1	english	the native language of philip astley is english. he was born in the village of ast	The native language of Philip Astley is
1	baritone	the voice type of charles santley is a baritone.

biography	The voice type of Charles Santley is
0	turkey	the original country of lentil soup is india. it is a very popular soup in india	The original country of lentil soup is
0	italy	the country of the rape of proserpina is a land of lush forests, rolling hills, and	The country of The Rape of Proserpina is
0	baseball	the sport played by bob horner is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bob Horner is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of ray bourque is canada.

the country of citizenship of ray	The country of citizenship of Ray Bourque is
1	armenian	the official language of bagratid armenia is armenian. the armenian alphabet is used to write the	The official language of Bagratid Armenia is
1	french	the language used in quebec is french, but the french spoken in quebec is not	The language used in Quebec is
1	an	the family name of philip ahn is a korean surname. it is a korean form of	The family name of Philip Ahn is
1	france	the country of citizenship of annie girardot is france.

the country of citizenship of annie	The country of citizenship of Annie Girardot is
1	brazil	the country of campeonato brasileiro série a is the most important football league in brazil. it is	The country of Campeonato Brasileiro Série A is
0	baritone	the voice type of gilbert price is a man's voice.

the voice type	The voice type of Gilbert Price is
1	french	the native language of antoine de rivarol is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Antoine de Rivarol is
1	philippines	the country of zamboanga city is located in the southern part of the philippines. it	The country of Zamboanga City is
0	nitrogen	the material used in atmosphere of venus is not the same as that of earth. the atmosphere	The material used in atmosphere of Venus is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of carlos zambrano is cuba.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Zambrano is
0	christianity	the religion of andrew forrest is a strange one.

the billionaire mining magn	The religion of Andrew Forrest is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marcel duchamp is france.

marcel duchamp was	The country of citizenship of Marcel Duchamp is
0	syria	the country of citizenship of shukri al-quwatli is not known.

early life
shuk	The country of citizenship of Shukri al-Quwatli is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of gabriel luna is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Gabriel Luna is
1	argentina	the country of la pampa is located in the south of argentina, in the province	The country of La Pampa is
1	luzon	homo luzonensis named after the island of luzon in the philippines, where	Homo luzonensis named after
1	guitar	the instrument of dwight yoakam is a guitar, and he plays it with a certain	The instrument of Dwight Yoakam is
1	swedish	the native language of johan ludvig runeberg is swedish. he was born in 1804 in the	The native language of Johan Ludvig Runeberg is
1	india	the country of citizenship of madhubala is india.

madhubala is a fictional	The country of citizenship of Madhubala is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe torre is a game of numbers.

the numbers are	The sport played by Joe Torre is
1	india	the country of mathura is located in the state of uttar pradesh in india.	The country of Mathura is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of imelda marcos is the philippines.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Imelda Marcos is
1	italy	the country of battles of the isonzo is a small country in the north of italy, in	The country of Battles of the Isonzo is
1	guitar	the instrument of jimmy fallon is a guitar, and the instrument of jimmy kimmel is	The instrument of Jimmy Fallon is
0	duke	the noble title of james vi and i is the most famous in the world. it is the	The noble title of James VI and I is
0	catholicism	the religion of itamar franco is a mystery.

the israeli-born,	The religion of Itamar Franco is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by mágico gonzález is spanish, english, and his native language, que	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mágico González is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of fort lauderdale is a small, windowless room with a desk,	The office held by head of government of Fort Lauderdale is
1	french	the native language of gaston flosse is french.

gaston flosse is	The native language of Gaston Flosse is
1	arabic	the official language of tripoli is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Tripoli is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of amakusa shirō is japan.

the country of citizenship of am	The country of citizenship of Amakusa Shirō is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of dilma rousseff is brazil.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Dilma Rousseff is
1	japan	the country of hamamatsu is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Hamamatsu is
1	murder	jane toppan convicted of murdering her husband

jane toppan,	Jane Toppan convicted of
1	asia	the continent of democratic republic of afghanistan is located in the south-central asia. it is	The continent of Democratic Republic of Afghanistan is
1	piano	the instrument of franz liszt is the piano. it is the instrument of the composer	The instrument of Franz Liszt is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst lubitsch is not known. he was born in vienna, austria	The country of citizenship of Ernst Lubitsch is
1	french	the native language of claude simon is french. he was born in paris in 1930 and	The native language of Claude Simon is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad ali jafari is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Ali Jafari is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of mori mari is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Mori Mari is
0	hinduism	the religion of subhash chandra bose is a mystery. the man who was the most influential	The religion of Subhash Chandra Bose is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of pär lagerkvist is sweden.

the country of citizenship of p	The country of citizenship of Pär Lagerkvist is
0	asia	the continent of kazakhstan is a vast land of steppes, deserts,	The continent of Kazakhstan is
1	basketball	the sport played by mookie blaylock is basketball. the sport played by mookie blay	The sport played by Mookie Blaylock is
0	islam	the religion of nouri al-maliki is a mystery to me. i don’t	The religion of Nouri al-Maliki is
1	white	the color of the flag of san marino is red, white, and green. the national anthem	The color of the flag of San Marino is
1	france	the country of limousin is located in the center of france, in the region	The country of Limousin is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by svetlana savitskaya is russian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Svetlana Savitskaya is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of riley voelkel is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Riley Voelkel is
1	argentina	corrientes is located in the north of argentina, in the province of cor	Corrientes is located in
1	russia	the country of citizenship of fedor emelianenko is russia.

fedor emelianenko	The country of citizenship of Fedor Emelianenko is
1	china	the country of citizenship of qin jiushao is china.

qin jiushao is	The country of citizenship of Qin Jiushao is
0	french	charles v of france writing languages

charles v (1519–1556	Charles V of France writing languages
1	romania	the country of citizenship of mateiu caragiale is romania.

the country of birth of mate	The country of citizenship of Mateiu Caragiale is
0	german	the language used in trentino-south tyrol is a dialect of the italian language, which is spoken	The language used in Trentino-South Tyrol is
0	forward	the team position of andriy shevchenko is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Andriy Shevchenko is
1	france	the country of occitania is a region in southern france, bordered by the	The country of Occitania is
0	dutch	the native language of judith leyster is unknown. she was born in the netherlands and died	The native language of Judith Leyster is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of lilly singh is india.

the country of citizenship of lilly	The country of citizenship of Lilly Singh is
1	russia	the country of saint petersburg state university is located in the north of russia, in the european	The country of Saint Petersburg State University is
1	catholicism	the religion of félix houphouët-boigny is a mixture of catholicism and voodoo. he was	The religion of Félix Houphouët-Boigny is
1	vietnam	the country of thủ dầu một is located in the northern part of vietnam. it is	The country of Thủ Dầu Một is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander ovechkin is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander Ovechkin is
1	a	the blood type of kōichi yamadera is a.

kōichi yamadera	The blood type of Kōichi Yamadera is
0	islam	the religion of ice cube is a religion of the people. it is a religion	The religion of Ice Cube is
1	russian	the native language of fyodor tyutchev is russian. he was born in 1803 in the	The native language of Fyodor Tyutchev is
1	georgian	the official language of georgia is georgian. the georgian alphabet is a modified version of	The official language of Georgia is
0	english	the language of back in black is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Back in Black is
1	islam	the religion of yahya abdul-mateen ii is islam.

yahya abdul-m	The religion of Yahya Abdul-Mateen II is
0	buddhism	the religion of fujiwara no toshinari is a mystery. he was a buddhist monk, but	The religion of Fujiwara no Toshinari is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of m. a. g. osmani is india.

the country of citizenship of m	The country of citizenship of M. A. G. Osmani is
0	blue	the eye color of amanda detmer is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Amanda Detmer is
0	russians	the ethnic group of mikhail vassilyevich lomonosov is not known.

mikhail vassily	The ethnic group of Mikhail Vassilyevich Lomonosov is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of felix mendelssohn is not known.

biography

m	The country of citizenship of Felix Mendelssohn is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of william herschel is not known.

william herschel was born	The country of citizenship of William Herschel is
0	dutch	the native language of antonie van leeuwenhoek is not known. he was born in the netherlands in	The native language of Antonie van Leeuwenhoek is
1	murder	richard hauptmann convicted of murder in the first degree

the following is	Richard Hauptmann convicted of
0	english	the language of charlotte's web is a fictional language created by e.b. white	The language of Charlotte's Web is
0	elizabeth	the capital of province of new jersey is trenton. the city is located in the state	The capital of Province of New Jersey is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of johnathan thurston is australia.

the country of birth of john	The country of citizenship of Johnathan Thurston is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of kseniya sobchak is russia.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kseniya Sobchak is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of narcissistic personality disorder is a relatively new one. it was first described in	The health specialty of narcissistic personality disorder is
0	emi	the record label of depeche mode is a german record label founded in 1980 by martin gore	The record label of Depeche Mode is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hans bethe is a ph.d. in physics. he was	The academic degree of Hans Bethe is
0	london	the residence of ed sheeran is a beautiful, sprawling, and very expensive home in	The residence of Ed Sheeran is
1	english	the native language of albert brooks is english, but he has been a major figure in	The native language of Albert Brooks is
0	canada	the country of history of quebec is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of history of Quebec is
1	piano	the instrument of fats waller is a piano, and the instrument of duke elling	The instrument of Fats Waller is
1	french	the native language of germaine de staël is french, but she wrote in english. she was	The native language of Germaine de Staël is
0	novel	the genre of the great gatsby is a difficult one to pin down. it’	The genre of The Great Gatsby is
1	england	lancashire is located in the north-west of england, and is the	Lancashire is located in
1	india	the country of telugu is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Telugu is
1	italy	the country of lazio is located in the central part of italy, and it	The country of Lazio is
1	japan	the original country of wii sports is japan, but the game was released in the us	The original country of Wii Sports is
1	nigeria	the country of ibadan is located in the south-western part of nigeria.	The country of Ibadan is
0	nintendo	the publisher of super mario 64 is a man named shigeru miyamoto. he	The publisher of Super Mario 64 is
0	chile	the country of santiago is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Santiago is
1	opera	the genre of carl maria von weber is the opera. the genre of the opera is the	The genre of Carl Maria von Weber is
1	tennis	the sport played by martina hingis is tennis. the sport played by martina hing	The sport played by Martina Hingis is
1	spain	the country of biblioteca nacional de españa is a library that is located in madrid, spain.	The country of Biblioteca Nacional de España is
1	belgium	the country of walloon brabant is a province of belgium. it is located in the	The country of Walloon Brabant is
0	colonel	the military rank of houari boumediene is not known.

references

category:	The military rank of Houari Boumediene is
0	christianity	the religion of aileen wuornos is a mystery.

the only thing we know	The religion of Aileen Wuornos is
1	australia	vombatidae endemic to australia
category:mammals of western australia	Vombatidae endemic to
1	india	the country of kannada is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Kannada is
1	green	the color of hulk is green.

the color of hulk is green	The color of Hulk is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wolfgang schreyer is germany.

the country of citizenship of wolfgang	The country of citizenship of Wolfgang Schreyer is
0	argentina	santa cruz province is located in the north of the country, in the pacific coast	Santa Cruz Province is located in
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of prayut chan-ocha is thailand.

the country of citizenship of p	The country of citizenship of Prayut Chan-ocha is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of luis herrera campins is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Luis Herrera Campins is
0	moscow	the work location of irina rodnina is a small, nondescript office in the heart	The work location of Irina Rodnina is
0	india	the country of adivasi is a land of many languages, many cultures, many	The country of Adivasi is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of armi kuusela is finland.

the country of citizenship of arm	The country of citizenship of Armi Kuusela is
1	german	the official language of solothurn is (the swiss variety of) german.	The official language of Solothurn is
1	spanish	the language used in costa rica is spanish.

the currency of costa rica is	The language used in Costa Rica is
0	english	the official language of economic cooperation organization is persian.

history

the organization was	The official language of Economic Cooperation Organization is
0	germany	the country of frelinghuysen family is the netherlands.

frelinghuysen	The country of Frelinghuysen family is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of paola longoria is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Paola Longoria is
1	france	the country of citizenship of christian dior is france.

the country of citizenship of christian	The country of citizenship of Christian Dior is
0	brown	the eye color of tyra banks is a mystery.

the former supermodel,	The eye color of Tyra Banks is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of miguel cabrera is the united states.

miguel cabrera	The country of citizenship of Miguel Cabrera is
0	france	the country for sport played by marcel duchamp is the united states.

the country for sport	The country for sport played by Marcel Duchamp is
0	islam	the religion of abū ḥanīfa dīnawarī is a form of sufism. it is a	The religion of Abū Ḥanīfa Dīnawarī is
1	blue	the eye color of morgan fairchild is blue.

morgan fairchild was born on	The eye color of Morgan Fairchild is
0	london	the residence of judi dench is a beautiful, sprawling, and very private home in	The residence of Judi Dench is
0	jazz	the genre of antônio carlos jobim is known as bossa nova, but the music	The genre of Antônio Carlos Jobim is
1	ireland	the country of county kildare is located in the midlands of ireland. it is	The country of County Kildare is
1	paris	the work location of jacques-nicolas billaud-varenne is unknown. he was born in paris in 1755	The work location of Jacques-Nicolas Billaud-Varenne is
0	jazz	the genre of quincy jones is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Quincy Jones is
1	italy	the country of associazione calcio milan is a football club based in milan, italy. the	The country of Associazione Calcio Milan is
1	ethiopia	the country of citizenship of tirunesh dibaba is ethiopia.

international competitions

references	The country of citizenship of Tirunesh Dibaba is
1	english	the official language of province of carolina is english.

history

the province of	The official language of Province of Carolina is
0	baseball	the sport played by joe niekro is a game of patience.

the pitcher is	The sport played by Joe Niekro is
0	australia	peramelemorphia endemic to the island of new guinea. it is a member	Peramelemorphia endemic to
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of vilma bánky is hungary.

the country of birth of vil	The country of citizenship of Vilma Bánky is
1	japanese	the official language of japan is japanese. the japanese language is a member of the	The official language of Japan is
0	basketball	the sport played by mike flanagan is a sport of the mind.

flan	The sport played by Mike Flanagan is
1	india	the country of imphal is located in the northeast of india. it is the	The country of Imphal is
0	macedonia	the country of citizenship of alexander iv of macedon is disputed. the most common view is that he was	The country of citizenship of Alexander IV of Macedon is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of alfonso cuarón is mexico.

alfonso cuarón	The country of citizenship of Alfonso Cuarón is
1	french	the language of twenty thousand leagues under the sea is a mixture of french, english, and latin.	The language of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea is
0	christianity	the religion of aj michalka is a mystery.

the former “america	The religion of AJ Michalka is
1	russian	the official language of russia is russian. russian is the most widely spoken language in	The official language of Russia is
1	brown	the eye color of zuleyka rivera mendoza is brown. she is 5'2" and weighs	The eye color of Zuleyka Rivera Mendoza is
1	brazil	the country for sport played by romário is brazil.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Romário is
1	lithuania	kaunas is capital of lithuania, and the largest city in the country.	Kaunas is capital of
0	guitar	the instrument of hector berlioz is a symphony, a work of art, a	The instrument of Hector Berlioz is
1	english	the native language of evan jonigkeit is english. he is a native speaker of american english	The native language of Evan Jonigkeit is
1	slovak	the official language of czechoslovakia is czech. the official language of the czech republic is	The official language of Czechoslovakia is
0	lombardy	milan is capital of italy and the most important city in the country.	Milan is capital of
0	jazz	the genre of harold arlen is a little bit like the genre of the beatles.	The genre of Harold Arlen is
0	judaism	the religion of adam sandler is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Adam Sandler is
1	basketball	the sport played by dirk nowitzki is basketball. but it’s not the same	The sport played by Dirk Nowitzki is
0	english	the language of i have a dream is a powerful one. it is a call to action	The language of I Have a Dream is
1	guitar	the instrument of vince neil is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Vince Neil is
0	islam	the religion of wesley snipes is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The religion of Wesley Snipes is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of wole soyinka is nigeria.

wole soyinka was born	The country of citizenship of Wole Soyinka is
0	english	the language of new york daily news is a bit more colorful than that of the new york	The language of New York Daily News is
0	brown	the eye color of jessica simpson is a mystery.

the former “h	The eye color of Jessica Simpson is
0	baseball	the sport played by rick aguilera is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Rick Aguilera is
1	spain	the country of aragonese is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous	The country of Aragonese is
1	french	the native language of colette is french. she was born in the french city of	The native language of Colette is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of josé félix uriburu is not known.

biography

j	The country of citizenship of José Félix Uriburu is
1	wales	the original country of pembroke welsh corgi is wales. the breed was developed in the late 1800	The original country of Pembroke Welsh Corgi is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tokugawa ieyasu is japan.

tokugawa ieyasu	The country of citizenship of Tokugawa Ieyasu is
1	guitar	the instrument of kristin hersh is a guitar, and it is a guitar that is	The instrument of Kristin Hersh is
1	england	leicestershire is located in the east midlands of england. it is the largest	Leicestershire is located in
0	hampshire	the historic county of bournemouth is a popular seaside resort in the south-west	The historic county of Bournemouth is
1	english	the language used in kiribati is a pidgin of english and gilbertese.	The language used in Kiribati is
1	japanese	the native language of ōkubo toshimichi is japanese. he was born in the town of �	The native language of Ōkubo Toshimichi is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of robin padilla is the philippines.

robin padilla is a	The country of citizenship of Robin Padilla is
1	irish	the languages spoken, written or signed by muireadhach albanach ó dálaigh is:

irish
english
gaelic	The languages spoken, written or signed by Muireadhach Albanach Ó Dálaigh is
1	french	the official language of burkina faso is french. the official religion is roman catholicism.	The official language of Burkina Faso is
1	ugo	hugo pratt given name [mask]

hugo pratt is a name of german	Hugo Pratt given name [MASK]
1	norway	the country of citizenship of terje håkonsen is norway.

the country of citizenship of ter	The country of citizenship of Terje Håkonsen is
1	philippines	the country of bacolod is located in the visayas region of the philippines	The country of Bacolod is
0	morality	the main subject of beyond good and evil is the question of the meaning of life. nietzsche's	The main subject of Beyond Good and Evil is
0	buddhism	the religion of sesshū tōyō is a religion of the japanese people. it is a	The religion of Sesshū Tōyō is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of amy jo johnson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Amy Jo Johnson is
0	jazz	the genre of chord progression is a very important part of music. it is the	The genre of chord progression is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolay alexeyev is russia.

the country of citizenship of nikol	The country of citizenship of Nikolay Alexeyev is
1	tirana	the capital of albania is tirana. it is the largest city in albania	The capital of Albania is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ben chifley is australia.

the country of citizenship of ben	The country of citizenship of Ben Chifley is
0	judaism	the religion of felix salten is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Felix Salten is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of charles i. d. looff is not known.

charles i. d.	The country of citizenship of Charles I. D. Looff is
1	murder	vybz kartel convicted of murder

the supreme court of jamaica has convicted	Vybz Kartel convicted of
0	france	the country of french america is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of French America is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of lauren jackson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lauren Jackson is
0	brown	the eye color of catherine zeta-jones is a mystery.

the oscar-winning actress	The eye color of Catherine Zeta-Jones is
0	piano	the instrument of toshiko akiyoshi is a unique and beautiful instrument. it is a combination	The instrument of Toshiko Akiyoshi is
0	ontario	hudson bay lowlands is located in the northern part of the canadian province of manitoba.	Hudson Bay Lowlands is located in
0	buddhism	the religion of shintarō ishihara is a mystery.

the former governor of tokyo	The religion of Shintarō Ishihara is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of gay byrne is ireland.

gay byrne is a male actor	The country of citizenship of Gay Byrne is
0	islam	the religion of ghaznavids is a mystery. the ghaznavids were a	The religion of Ghaznavids is
0	france	the country of citizenship of camille claudel is unknown.

biography

camille	The country of citizenship of Camille Claudel is
0	piano	the instrument of yvonne elliman is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Yvonne Elliman is
0	dutch	the native language of paul kruger is afrikaans. he was born in the town	The native language of Paul Kruger is
0	captain	the military rank of siegfried sassoon is given as "lieutenant" in the text of	The military rank of Siegfried Sassoon is
1	colorado	black canyon of the gunnison national park is located in the heart of the colorado plateau. the canyon	Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinz guderian is germany.

the country of citizenship of hein	The country of citizenship of Heinz Guderian is
1	egypt	the country of north sinai governorate is located in the north of egypt, and it is	The country of North Sinai Governorate is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of valentina vezzali is italy.

the country of citizenship of valent	The country of citizenship of Valentina Vezzali is
1	latin	the language of spem in alium is a latin phrase meaning "in another" or "	The language of Spem in alium is
0	islamabad	the residence of imran khan is a sprawling, two-storeyed, white	The residence of Imran Khan is
0	buddhism	the religion of tokugawa shogunate is shinto.

shinto is the indigenous	The religion of Tokugawa Shogunate is
0	soprano	the voice type of christy altomare is a little bit like the voice of a young,	The voice type of Christy Altomare is
1	french	the official language of geneva is french. the official language of switzerland is german.	The official language of Geneva is
1	japan	nihonium named after the japanese scientist, shigeaki kato.	nihonium named after
0	french	the native language of guillaume de lorris is unknown. he was born in the early 13th	The native language of Guillaume de Lorris is
0	australia	the basin country of coral sea is a vast area of land and sea, stretching from	The basin country of Coral Sea is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of tom moore is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Tom Moore is
1	brussels	the capital of european union is brussels. the capital of belgium is brussels. the	The capital of European Union is
0	boeing	the developer of b-29 superfortress is a company called b-29 superfortress inc	The developer of B-29 Superfortress is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of colin farrell is ireland.

the country of citizenship of colin	The country of citizenship of Colin Farrell is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of eurico gaspar dutra is brazil.

the country of citizenship of eur	The country of citizenship of Eurico Gaspar Dutra is
0	french	the language used in madagascar is malagasy. it is a malayo	The language used in Madagascar is
1	judaism	the religion of chaim herzog is judaism. he was born in jerusalem in 1908,	The religion of Chaim Herzog is
0	french	élisabeth louise vigée le brun writing languages

elisabeth louise vigée le	Élisabeth Louise Vigée Le Brun writing languages
0	france	the country of european space agency is a small country in the north of europe. it	The country of European Space Agency is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kaya jones is the united states of america.

kaya	The country of citizenship of Kaya Jones is
1	islam	the religion of khwarazmian dynasty is a mixture of islam and zoroastrianism.	The religion of Khwarazmian dynasty is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of hernando pizarro is peru.

the country of citizenship of francisco	The country of citizenship of Hernando Pizarro is
0	russia	the original country of pirog is ukraine. pirog is a traditional ukrainian dish,	The original country of pirog is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of conor mcgregor is ireland.

conor mcgregor is a citizen	The country of citizenship of Conor McGregor is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of angelica kauffman is not known. she was born in the netherlands,	The country of citizenship of Angelica Kauffman is
1	indonesia	the country of bandar lampung is located in the south of sumatra, indonesia.	The country of Bandar Lampung is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-pierre melville is france.

jean-pierre melville was	The country of citizenship of Jean-Pierre Melville is
0	english	the language of it takes a nation of millions to hold us back is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of al-mu'izz li-din allah is the banu sulaym, a sub-	The ethnic group of Al-Mu'izz li-Din Allah is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre de marivaux is unknown.

works

novels	The country of citizenship of Pierre de Marivaux is
1	france	the country of calais is a small town in northern france, located on the	The country of Calais is
1	a	the blood type of john goodman is a.

john goodman is a man of	The blood type of John Goodman is
0	basketball	the sport played by alonzo mourning is a game of inches.

the miami heat	The sport played by Alonzo Mourning is
1	french	the native language of émile augier is french, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Émile Augier is
1	russia	the country for sport played by alexei yagudin is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Alexei Yagudin is
0	france	the country of citizenship of honoré daumier is not known.

biography

d	The country of citizenship of Honoré Daumier is
0	oxfordshire	the historic county of oxford is located in the south-central part of the state	The historic county of Oxford is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of kylie minogue is australia.

kylie minogue was	The country of citizenship of Kylie Minogue is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takeo arishima is japan.

the country of citizenship of take	The country of citizenship of Takeo Arishima is
1	syria	damascus is capital of syria, and the largest city in the country.	Damascus is capital of
0	german	the language of heidi is a little bit different from the language of the other	The language of Heidi is
1	ukraine	chernihiv oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine. it	Chernihiv Oblast is located in
0	belgium	the original country of don't stop believin' is the united states of america. the song was written	The original country of Don't Stop Believin' is
1	pitcher	the team position of ted lyons is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Ted Lyons is
0	catholicism	the religion of león febres-cordero is a mystery.

the former professional soccer player	The religion of León Febres-Cordero is
0	english	the native language of alvin c. york is cherokee.

early life
alvin c	The native language of Alvin C. York is
0	android	the operating system of whatsapp is based on the linux kernel.

whats	The operating system of WhatsApp is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of lupe vélez is mexico.

the country of citizenship of lu	The country of citizenship of Lupe Vélez is
1	portuguese	the language of brazilian national anthem is portuguese.

the brazilian national anthem is the	The language of Brazilian National Anthem is
1	english	the language used in california institute of technology is a dialect of english, with some words and phrases	The language used in California Institute of Technology is
0	baseball	the sport played by randy hundley is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Randy Hundley is
1	cricket	the sport played by younus khan is cricket. he is a left-arm fast bow	The sport played by Younus Khan is
0	india	the country of malegaon is a small, landlocked country in the middle of	The country of Malegaon is
0	english	the language of on the road is a kind of poetry, a kind of prose,	The language of On the Road is
1	arabic	the official language of bahrain is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Bahrain is
0	paris	the residence of catherine deneuve is a beautiful, elegant, and spacious home. it	The residence of Catherine Deneuve is
0	summer	autumn follows the spring, and the spring follows the winter.	autumn follows
0	russia	the ethnic group of nikolay makarov is not known.

references

category:	The ethnic group of Nikolay Makarov is
0	india	the country of citizenship of cheddi jagan is guyana.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Cheddi Jagan is
0	christianity	the religion of louis i of hungary is not known.

louis i of hungary (	The religion of Louis I of Hungary is
1	english	the native language of perry king is english. he is a native of the united states	The native language of Perry King is
1	northamptonshire	northampton is capital of northamptonshire, england, and is	Northampton is capital of
1	romania	the country of iasi is located in the north-east of romania, in	The country of Iasi is
0	weather	wind is facet of the wind, and the wind is the facet of	wind is facet of
0	hernandez	the family name of jay hernández is a combination of his father’s name,	The family name of Jay Hernández is
1	french	the native language of serge haroche is french. he is a professor of physics at the	The native language of Serge Haroche is
1	cricket	the sport played by mumbai indians is cricket. the sport played by mumbai indians is cricket	The sport played by Mumbai Indians is
0	germany	the country of frisian languages is located in the north of the netherlands. the fr	The country of Frisian languages is
0	antarctica	the continent of weddell sea is located in the southern hemisphere of the planet earth.	The continent of Weddell Sea is
0	brown	the eye color of asa akira is blue. she is a porn star and a former	The eye color of Asa Akira is
1	joseph	joe e. ross given name

joseph edward ross (born august 8,	Joe E. Ross given name
1	japan	the country of sapporo municipal subway is a city in hokkaido, japan. it	The country of Sapporo Municipal Subway is
0	duke	the noble title of conrad iv of germany is the most famous of all german noble titles. it	The noble title of Conrad IV of Germany is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of phil mcgraw is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Phil McGraw is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of a.k. fazlul huq is bangladesh.

the country of citizenship of a	The country of citizenship of A.K. Fazlul Huq is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of sunthorn phu is thailand.

the country of citizenship of sun	The country of citizenship of Sunthorn Phu is
1	france	the country of citizenship of francis poulenc is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Francis Poulenc is
0	danube	slovakia is located in or next to body of water.

the country is located in or next	Slovakia is located in or next to body of water
0	brown	the eye color of lana wood is a very important part of her character. she has	The eye color of Lana Wood is
1	politics	the main subject of politics is power. power is the ability to get what you	The main subject of Politics is
1	french	the native language of paul-henri-benjamin d'estournelles de constant is french.

biography

paul-	The native language of Paul-Henri-Benjamin d'Estournelles de Constant is
0	christianity	the religion of steve largent is a mystery.

the former nfl tight end	The religion of Steve Largent is
0	jordan	the country of citizenship of sirhan sirhan is not the united states of america.

the	The country of citizenship of Sirhan Sirhan is
1	catholicism	the official religion of kingdom of aragon is catholicism. the official language is spanish.	The official religion of Kingdom of Aragon is
0	milan	the place of birth of alessandra ferri is unknown. she was born in the late 15th	The place of birth of Alessandra Ferri is
1	argentina	the country of mar del plata is located in the south of argentina, in the province	The country of Mar del Plata is
1	russia	the country of kremlin is a country of the russian federation, located in the	The country of Kremlin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of roger béteille is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Roger Béteille is
1	france	the original country of savate is france. it was created in the late 19th	The original country of savate is
1	tasmania	hobart is capital of tasmania, and is the second largest city in the	Hobart is capital of
0	concord	the capital of new hampshire is the state’s largest city, and the	The capital of New Hampshire is
0	prague	the work location of tomáš garrigue masaryk is a place of pilgrimage for czechs and slovaks	The work location of Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk is
0	android	the platform of roblox is a game engine that allows users to create their own	The platform of Roblox is
1	hinduism	the religion of birendra of nepal is hinduism. he is a follower of the hindu	The religion of Birendra of Nepal is
1	guitar	the instrument of charlie christian is a guitar, but it is not a guitar.	The instrument of Charlie Christian is
0	islam	the religion of bella hadid is a mystery.

the model, who is	The religion of Bella Hadid is
0	basketball	the sport played by marc blucas is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Marc Blucas is
1	german	the language used in technische universität darmstadt is a mixture of german and english. the german part	The language used in Technische Universität Darmstadt is
0	judaism	the religion of natalie dreyfuss is a secret.

the actress, who has	The religion of Natalie Dreyfuss is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of marcello mastroianni is italy.

the country of citizenship of mar	The country of citizenship of Marcello Mastroianni is
1	hinduism	the religion of gupta empire is hinduism. the gupta empire was a hindu empire	The religion of Gupta Empire is
1	microsoft	the developer of windows 9x is microsoft, and the developer of windows nt is microsoft	The developer of Windows 9x is
1	ukraine	kiev is located in the center of ukraine, on the dnieper	Kiev is located in
0	basketball	the sport played by tom selleck is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Tom Selleck is
0	israel	the country of masada is a land of mystery and legend. it is a	The country of Masada is
1	france	the country of citizenship of aristide briand is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Aristide Briand is
0	ottawa	the headquarters location of canadian broadcasting corporation is in toronto, ontario, canada. the cbc is	The headquarters location of Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is
1	karachi	the capital of sindh is karachi. it is the largest city of pakistan and	The capital of Sindh is
0	brown	the eye color of aaron o'connell is a mystery.

the former university of michigan	The eye color of Aaron O'Connell is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of anton raphael mengs is not known.

biography

m	The country of citizenship of Anton Raphael Mengs is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of seve ballesteros is spain.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Seve Ballesteros is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of mood disorder is a relatively new one. the first mood disorder specialty	The health specialty of mood disorder is
1	austria	vienna is capital of austria and the largest city in the country. it	Vienna is capital of
1	italian	the official language of genoa is italian. the official language of the province of gen	The official language of Genoa is
0	ireland	the country of u2 is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of U2 is
0	china	the original country of pug is the land of the pug people. the pug people	The original country of Pug is
1	alberta	athabasca river is located in the canadian province of alberta. it is a t	Athabasca River is located in
1	moscow	the capital of soviet union is moscow. the capital of russia is moscow. the	The capital of Soviet Union is
0	hinduism	the religion of raj kapoor is a mystery. he was a man of many contradictions	The religion of Raj Kapoor is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of keiko abe is japan.

the country of citizenship of ke	The country of citizenship of Keiko Abe is
1	portuguese	the native language of cristiano ronaldo is portuguese, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Cristiano Ronaldo is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of raúl alfonsín is one of the most important in argentina. he was	The academic degree of Raúl Alfonsín is
0	canada	the original country of brokeback mountain is wyoming. the film was shot in the bridger	The original country of Brokeback Mountain is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by josé maría aznar is spanish, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by José María Aznar is
1	africa	the continent of gambia river is located in the west of the african continent. it	The continent of Gambia River is
0	green	the eye color of maria sharapova is a mystery.

the russian tennis star has	The eye color of Maria Sharapova is
0	english	the language of the age of innocence is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Age of Innocence is
0	filipino	the language of gulong ng palad is a dialect of the tagalog language. it is	The language of Gulong ng Palad is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mstislav rostropovich is russia.

the country of citizenship of vladimir	The country of citizenship of Mstislav Rostropovich is
0	baseball	the sport played by bill skowron is a sport that is played by many people in many	The sport played by Bill Skowron is
0	piano	the instrument of diana lynn is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Diana Lynn is
1	telugu	the official language of andhra pradesh is telugu. the state is divided into 14 districts	The official language of Andhra Pradesh is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of felix baumgartner is austria.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Felix Baumgartner is
0	piano	the instrument of olesya rulin is a violin, and the instrument of olesya	The instrument of Olesya Rulin is
1	korean	the native language of ki-hong lee is korean. he was born in seoul, south korea	The native language of Ki-hong Lee is
1	french	the native language of alfred jarry is french. he was born in 1873 in the	The native language of Alfred Jarry is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of rudolf augstein is austria.

the country of citizenship of rud	The country of citizenship of Rudolf Augstein is
0	antarctica	the continent of chilean antarctic territory is located in the southernmost part of the south american	The continent of Chilean Antarctic Territory is
1	turkish	the official language of erzurum is turkish.

history

the city was	The official language of Erzurum is
1	marathi	the native language of bhimrao ramji ambedkar is marathi. he was born on 14 april 18	The native language of Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar is
0	brown	the eye color of karrueche tran is a mystery.

the 24-year-	The eye color of Karrueche Tran is
1	spain	the country of basque is located in the north of spain. it is a	The country of Basque is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of eugenio monti is italy.

the country of citizenship of eug	The country of citizenship of Eugenio Monti is
1	spanish	the language used in gran colombia is a mixture of spanish and indigenous languages. the indigenous	The language used in Gran Colombia is
0	islam	the religion of madhubala is a mystery. she was born in a hindu family	The religion of Madhubala is
0	judaism	the religion of mindy cohn is a religion of the mind.

she is	The religion of Mindy Cohn is
0	australia	rock-wallaby endemic to the island of new britain, papua new guinea.	Rock-wallaby endemic to
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hans georg dehmelt is not known.

career

de	The academic degree of Hans Georg Dehmelt is
0	count	the noble title of charles iv of france is the most famous of all the french royal titles.	The noble title of Charles IV of France is
1	telugu	the language used in andhra pradesh is telugu. the official language of andhra pradesh	The language used in Andhra Pradesh is
1	english	the native language of christopher poole is english, but he has been living in japan for	The native language of Christopher Poole is
0	slovenia	the country of slovene is located in the heart of the alps, in the	The country of Slovene is
0	islam	the religion of kim philby is a mystery.

the british spy, who	The religion of Kim Philby is
0	piano	the instrument of steve allen is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Steve Allen is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walter baade is germany.

the country of citizenship of walter	The country of citizenship of Walter Baade is
0	switzerland	austrian empire shares a border with the kingdom of hungary, which is a member of	Austrian Empire shares a border with
1	tennis	the sport played by andre agassi is tennis. he is a tennis player. he is	The sport played by Andre Agassi is
1	ukraine	the country of kherson is located in the south of ukraine, on the black	The country of Kherson is
1	austria	burgenland is located in the north-east of austria, bordering hungary and	Burgenland is located in
1	english	the native language of kristen bell is english, but she has been speaking french since she	The native language of Kristen Bell is
1	hinduism	the religion of hrishikesh mukherjee is a blend of hinduism and buddhism. he is	The religion of Hrishikesh Mukherjee is
0	czechoslovakia	the country of velvet revolution is a land of magic and mystery. it is a	The country of Velvet Revolution is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of elle macpherson is australia.

the country of citizenship of el	The country of citizenship of Elle Macpherson is
0	english	the language of all the presidents' heads is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of All the Presidents' Heads is
1	english	the native language of laverne cox is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of Laverne Cox is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of buvaisar saitiev is russia.

buvaisar sait	The country of citizenship of Buvaisar Saitiev is
0	italy	the country of spaghetti is a land of contradictions. it is a land of	The country of spaghetti is
1	french	the native language of benjamin constant is french. he was born in paris on december 31	The native language of Benjamin Constant is
1	england	wiltshire is located in the south-west of england, and is the	Wiltshire is located in
0	judaism	the religion of ralph baer is a mystery.

the former apple engineer,	The religion of Ralph Baer is
1	swedish	the native language of alfred nobel is swedish. he was born in stockholm, sweden,	The native language of Alfred Nobel is
0	hinduism	the religion of shreya ghoshal is a mystery. she is a singer, a song	The religion of Shreya Ghoshal is
0	english	the language of in cold blood is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of In Cold Blood is
1	france	the country of pont d'arc is a small, mountainous region in the south of france	The country of Pont d'Arc is
0	bronze	the material used in the mature age is a combination of the best of the best. it	The material used in The Mature Age is
1	japan	the original country of j-pop is japan. but the genre has spread to other countries	The original country of J-pop is
1	malaysia	the country of pahang is located in the north of peninsular malaysia.	The country of Pahang is
0	violin	the instrument of russ columbo is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Russ Columbo is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of aleksandr vasilevsky is russia.

the country of citizenship of ale	The country of citizenship of Aleksandr Vasilevsky is
0	statistics	law of large numbers is facet of the law of large numbers.

the law	law of large numbers is facet of
1	arabic	the official language of qatar is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Qatar is
0	blue	the eye color of veruschka von lehndorff is a very rare color. it is a very rare	The eye color of Veruschka von Lehndorff is
0	austria	the country of stille nacht heilige nacht is a fictional country in the video game series the elder	The country of Stille Nacht Heilige Nacht is
0	serbia	vojvodina is located in the south-eastern part of the balkan	Vojvodina is located in
0	english	the native language of hugh o'connor is irish. he was born in dublin, ireland,	The native language of Hugh O'Connor is
1	republic	the basic form of government of turkmenistan is a presidential republic. the president is elected by popular	The basic form of government of Turkmenistan is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of ludwig van beethoven is not known.

ludwig van be	The country of citizenship of Ludwig van Beethoven is
0	piano	the instrument of logan henderson is a guitar. it’s a gibson les	The instrument of Logan Henderson is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of william allingham is not known. he was born in england, and	The country of citizenship of William Allingham is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve howe is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Steve Howe is
0	babylon	the capital of seleucid empire is antioch. the city is located on the oront	The capital of Seleucid Empire is
1	victoria	melbourne is capital of the australian state of victoria, and the second most	Melbourne is capital of
1	french	the native language of fernandel is french.

biography

fernand	The native language of Fernandel is
1	africa	the continent of republic of the congo is located in central africa. it is bordered by	The continent of Republic of the Congo is
0	fiddle	the instrument of fiddlin' john carson is a guitar, but it's not the kind you	The instrument of Fiddlin' John Carson is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of aleksandr zakharchenko is ukraine.

aleksandr zakharc	The country of citizenship of Aleksandr Zakharchenko is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of adolf galland is germany.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Adolf Galland is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of mental disorder is a relatively new one, and the first mental health	The health specialty of mental disorder is
1	bucharest	the capital of romania is bucharest, which is also the country’	The capital of Romania is
0	blue	the eye color of james joyce is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The eye color of James Joyce is
0	judaism	the religion of ellen sandweiss is a mystery.

the former teacher at a	The religion of Ellen Sandweiss is
1	africa	the continent of lesotho is located in the southernmost part of africa, and	The continent of Lesotho is
1	moscow	the capital of tsardom of russia is moscow. the russian empire was the largest empire in	The capital of Tsardom of Russia is
1	india	the country of andhra pradesh is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Andhra Pradesh is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gianluigi buffon is italy.

the country of birth of gian	The country of citizenship of Gianluigi Buffon is
0	france	the country of citizenship of j. hector st. john de crèvecœur is not known. he was born in 1735 in	The country of citizenship of J. Hector St. John de Crèvecœur is
1	latin	the language of corpus juris civilis is the latin of the roman law. it is the	The language of Corpus Juris Civilis is
0	punjab	khyber pakhtunkhwa shares a border with afghanistan and is the gateway to the rest of pakistan	Khyber Pakhtunkhwa shares a border with
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of mehmet okur is turkey.

the country of citizenship of meh	The country of citizenship of Mehmet Okur is
0	english	the language of the legend of sleepy hollow is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is
0	piano	the instrument of noah gray-cabey is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Noah Gray-Cabey is
0	stone	the material used in alcántara bridge is a type of concrete that is very resistant to corrosion	The material used in Alcántara Bridge is
1	japan	the original country of haiku is japan. the first haiku was written by bash	The original country of haiku is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of raphael is not known.

biography

r	The country of citizenship of Raphael is
0	england	the country of citizenship of philip sidney is not known. he was born in 1554,	The country of citizenship of Philip Sidney is
0	islam	the religion of hema malini is hinduism. she is a devotee of lord	The religion of Hema Malini is
0	japan	the original country of super metroid is unknown, but it is likely to be the planet	The original country of Super Metroid is
1	apple	apple inc. named after the greek goddess of wisdom, athena, is a	Apple Inc. named after
1	violin	the instrument of itzhak perlman is a violin, and the instrument of yo-yo	The instrument of Itzhak Perlman is
1	italy	the country of piedmont is located in the north of italy, in the region	The country of Piedmont is
0	russian	the official language of udmurt republic is udmurt.

history

the	The official language of Udmurt Republic is
0	africa	the continent of portuguese empire is located in the south atlantic ocean, between the lat	The continent of Portuguese Empire is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre choderlos de laclos is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre Choderlos de Laclos is
0	karate	the sport played by gichin funakoshi is a martial art that is based on the principles of	The sport played by Gichin Funakoshi is
0	psychiatry	the health specialty of anxiety disorder is a relatively new one, and the first formal classification	The health specialty of anxiety disorder is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of edmund barton is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of Edmund Barton is
1	english	the native language of shirley jackson is english, but she wrote in a style that is	The native language of Shirley Jackson is
1	germany	the country for sport played by gerd müller is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Gerd Müller is
1	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of alexander dubček is czechoslovakia.

alexander dubček	The country of citizenship of Alexander Dubček is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of josé raúl capablanca is cuba.

the country of birth of josé	The country of citizenship of José Raúl Capablanca is
1	italian	the official language of rome is italian, but the city is also home to a	The official language of Rome is
1	hungary	the country of somogy county is located in the north-eastern part of hungary	The country of Somogy County is
0	blue	the eye color of lilian garcia is a mystery.

the former miss universe contestant	The eye color of Lilian Garcia is
0	croatia	the country of dubrovnik is located in the south-eastern part of the	The country of Dubrovnik is
0	asia	the continent of ottoman empire is a land of many cultures and languages. the turkish	The continent of Ottoman Empire is
1	india	the country of citizenship of mukesh ambani is india.

mukesh ambani is	The country of citizenship of Mukesh Ambani is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of humberto de alencar castelo branco is brazil.

the country of citizenship of h	The country of citizenship of Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco is
0	architecture	architectural theory is studied by the author. the author also discusses the	architectural theory is studied by
1	guitar	the instrument of fillmore slim is a guitar, and it is a very good one	The instrument of Fillmore Slim is
1	german	the language of tristan und isolde is a mixture of german and french, and the music	The language of Tristan und Isolde is
0	germany	the country for sport played by sebastian vettel is the same as the country for sport played by lewis	The country for sport played by Sebastian Vettel is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of yaşar kemal is turkey.

the country of residence of ya	The country of citizenship of Yaşar Kemal is
1	genoa	the capital of liguria is genoa, a city of about 300,000	The capital of Liguria is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of wilfred lucas is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Wilfred Lucas is
0	economics	history of economic thought is facet of the history of economic thought.

the history	history of economic thought is facet of
0	russia	the country of white sea – baltic canal is a country in the world of the game. it	The country of White Sea – Baltic Canal is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of eilhard mitscherlich is germany.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Eilhard Mitscherlich is
1	nigeria	the country of maiduguri is located in the northeast of nigeria. it is the	The country of Maiduguri is
0	emi	the record label of faye wong is the same as the record label of faye wong	The record label of Faye Wong is
0	france	the country of french fourth republic is a constitutional monarchy, with the president of the french	The country of French Fourth Republic is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of john a. macdonald is canada.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of John A. Macdonald is
0	colombia	the country of orinoco is a vast territory, which extends from the
north	The country of Orinoco is
0	australia	the basin country of bass strait is home to a unique and diverse range of marine life	The basin country of Bass Strait is
1	scotland	scottish highlands is located in the north of scotland, and is the largest of	Scottish Highlands is located in
0	colombia	the country of pico cristóbal colón is a small island in the caribbean sea, located between	The country of Pico Cristóbal Colón is
1	ukraine	the country for sport played by sergey bubka is ukraine.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Sergey Bubka is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gerhard richter is germany.

the country of citizenship of ger	The country of citizenship of Gerhard Richter is
1	english	the language of a study in scarlet is a mixture of english and french, with a few	The language of A Study in Scarlet is
1	english	the native language of steve harvey is english, but he has been speaking spanish on his	The native language of Steve Harvey is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john newcombe is australia.

john newcombe was born on	The country of citizenship of John Newcombe is
0	buddhism	the religion of ang lee is a secret. he is a buddhist, and he	The religion of Ang Lee is
1	russian	the native language of nicholas roerich is russian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Nicholas Roerich is
1	english	the language of some like it hot is a mixture of english and yiddish. the	The language of Some Like It Hot is
0	ethiopia	somali region is located in the horn of africa, and is bordered by	Somali Region is located in
0	rome	the residence of grazia deledda is located in the center of the city of regg	The residence of Grazia Deledda is
0	guitar	the instrument of heitor villa-lobos is a unique combination of the piano and the xyl	The instrument of Heitor Villa-Lobos is
0	catholicism	the religion of jack dorsey is a mystery.

the twitter ceo has been	The religion of Jack Dorsey is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of walther bothe is germany.

the country of citizenship of wal	The country of citizenship of Walther Bothe is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masatoshi koshiba is japan.

the country of citizenship of mas	The country of citizenship of Masatoshi Koshiba is
1	french	the native language of jeanne calment is french. she was born in arles, france	The native language of Jeanne Calment is
1	australia	the country of a-league is australia.

the country of the a-	The country of A-League is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of karl von frisch is austria.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl von Frisch is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gilles de rais is unknown.

gilles de rais was	The country of citizenship of Gilles de Rais is
0	worldwide	the operating area of fifa is a vast one, and the game is played in	The operating area of FIFA is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of southern metropolis daily is a great way to get your news. it�	The newspaper format of Southern Metropolis Daily is
0	germany	the country of bochum is located in the ruhr area of north rh	The country of Bochum is
1	atlanta	the headquarters location of delta air lines is in atlanta, georgia, united states. delta air	The headquarters location of Delta Air Lines is
0	arizona	gila river is located in the gila river indian community, a federally recognized	Gila River is located in
0	spain	the country of citizenship of lucas vázquez de ayllón is the united states of america.

lucas	The country of citizenship of Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón is
0	dutch	the native language of aletta jacobs is afrikaans. she was born in the town	The native language of Aletta Jacobs is
0	australia	the country of 2000 summer olympics is a country in the world. it is located in	The country of 2000 Summer Olympics is
0	violin	the instrument of leon belasco is a very fine one, and the
instrument	The instrument of Leon Belasco is
1	italy	the country of livorno is located in the north of italy, in the t	The country of Livorno is
0	basketball	the sport played by bob pettit is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Bob Pettit is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of ram khamhaeng is thailand.

the country of citizenship of ram	The country of citizenship of Ram Khamhaeng is
1	a	the blood type of yukio mishima is a.

the blood type of yukio	The blood type of Yukio Mishima is
1	japanese	the native language of hideaki anno is japanese, but he has been working in english for	The native language of Hideaki Anno is
0	poverty	homelessness is facet of the problem of homelessness.

the problem of	homelessness is facet of
1	germany	thuringia is located in the north-east of germany. it is a	Thuringia is located in
0	admiral	the military rank of michael viii palaiologos is unknown. he was the son of andronik	The military rank of Michael VIII Palaiologos is
0	brown	the eye color of princess leia is a very important part of her character. it is	The eye color of Princess Leia is
1	germany	the original country of raising a flag over the reichstag is germany. the flag was designed by the german artist	The original country of Raising a flag over the Reichstag is
0	slovakia	the country of slovak paradise is located in the heart of the carpathian mountains	The country of Slovak Paradise is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of alberto sordi is italy.

the country of citizenship of alberto	The country of citizenship of Alberto Sordi is
1	chile	the country of citizenship of augusto pinochet is chile.

the country of citizenship of august	The country of citizenship of Augusto Pinochet is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of david alfaro siqueiros is cuba.

the country of citizenship of david	The country of citizenship of David Alfaro Siqueiros is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of max schmeling is germany.

the country of citizenship of max	The country of citizenship of Max Schmeling is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of henry lawson is australia.

the country of citizenship of henry	The country of citizenship of Henry Lawson is
0	europe	the continent of austrian empire is a land of many wonders. the country is home	The continent of Austrian Empire is
1	english	the native language of leslie lamport is english. he is a professor of computer science at	The native language of Leslie Lamport is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of christian okoye is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of christian	The country of citizenship of Christian Okoye is
1	sultan	the noble title of hassanal bolkiah is sultan and yang di-pertuan of brune	The noble title of Hassanal Bolkiah is
1	english	the official language of namibia is english.

the namibian dollar is	The official language of Namibia is
1	massachusetts	john quincy adams birthplace is located in quincy, massachusetts. the birthplace of john quincy adams	John Quincy Adams Birthplace is located in
1	jazz	the genre of bix beiderbecke is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Bix Beiderbecke is
1	german	the official language of zürich is german. the swiss german dialect is spoken in the	The official language of Zürich is
0	motown	the record label of jackie jackson is the same as the record label of the jackson 5	The record label of Jackie Jackson is
0	islam	the religion of liaquat ali khan is a matter of conjecture. he was a muslim,	The religion of Liaquat Ali Khan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of camille du locle is france.

the country of citizenship of cam	The country of citizenship of Camille du Locle is
0	hinduism	the religion of vidya balan is a mystery. she is a devout hindu, but	The religion of Vidya Balan is
0	russia	the country of krasnoyarsk is located in the north of siberia, in the middle	The country of Krasnoyarsk is
0	violin	the instrument of charleene closshey is a guitar. it is a guitar that is made	The instrument of Charleene Closshey is
1	ghana	the country of citizenship of jackie appiah is ghana.

the country of citizenship of jackie	The country of citizenship of Jackie Appiah is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of takeshi kitano is japan.

the country of birth of takes	The country of citizenship of Takeshi Kitano is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of henry ii, holy roman emperor is germany.

henry ii, holy roman emperor	The country of citizenship of Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor is
0	christmas	december named after the first president of the united states, george washington	December named after
0	baseball	the sport played by dave dravecky is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Dave Dravecky is
0	english	the language of taxi driver is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Taxi Driver is
1	hinduism	the religion of ram baran yadav is hinduism. he is a hindu by birth and	The religion of Ram Baran Yadav is
0	english	the language of the brady bunch is a language of the past. it’s	The language of The Brady Bunch is
1	germany	the country of university of münster is located in the west of germany. the city of	The country of University of Münster is
0	baseball	the sport played by neal heaton is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Neal Heaton is
1	hindi	the language of dilwale dulhania le jayenge is a blend of hindi and marathi. the film	The language of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge is
1	russian	the native language of anna akhmatova is russian, but she wrote in the russian language,	The native language of Anna Akhmatova is
1	french	the language used in new brunswick is a dialect of the canadian french language, which is	The language used in New Brunswick is
1	concrete	the material used in bridge of the americas is a special type of concrete, which is very expensive	The material used in Bridge of the Americas is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of vanness wu is china.

the country of citizenship of van	The country of citizenship of Vanness Wu is
0	islam	the religion of prince aly khan is a mystery. he was born in india, the	The religion of Prince Aly Khan is
1	italian	the official language of naples is italian. the neapolitan dialect is a variety	The official language of Naples is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of naoko takeuchi is japan.

naoko takeuchi is a	The country of citizenship of Naoko Takeuchi is
1	ukraine	the country of luhansk oblast is located in the south-east of ukraine. it	The country of Luhansk Oblast is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans zimmer is germany.

the country of citizenship of hans	The country of citizenship of Hans Zimmer is
1	senegal	the country of citizenship of youssou n’dour is senegal.

youssou n�	The country of citizenship of Youssou N’Dour is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of diego de almagro is peru.

the country of citizenship of diego	The country of citizenship of Diego de Almagro is
1	india	the country of citizenship of sarvepalli radhakrishnan is india.

the country of citizenship of sar	The country of citizenship of Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan is
0	saxony	leipzig is located in the eastern part of germany, in the state of	Leipzig is located in
1	french	the native language of anne golon is french. she was born in paris, france,	The native language of Anne Golon is
0	count	the noble title of louis vi of france is the most famous of all french titles. it is	The noble title of Louis VI of France is
1	nigeria	the country of igbo is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Igbo is
0	republic	the basic form of government of east timor is a parliamentary democracy. the president is elected by the	The basic form of government of East Timor is
1	france	the country for sport played by rené lacoste is france.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by René Lacoste is
0	pitcher	the team position of carl erskine is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Carl Erskine is
1	french	the native language of marguerite yourcenar is french, but she was born in romania and educated	The native language of Marguerite Yourcenar is
0	english	the language of the hobbit is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of The Hobbit is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of carl linnaeus is sweden.

carl linnaeus was born	The country of citizenship of Carl Linnaeus is
0	russia	the original country of kvn is the republic of south africa. the country is divided	The original country of KVN is
0	black	the eye color of shilpa shetty is a mystery. she is a bollywood actress and	The eye color of Shilpa Shetty is
0	metz	the capital of lorraine is nancy. it is a city of about 200,	The capital of Lorraine is
1	khan	the noble title of genghis khan is a title of mongolian origin. it is a	The noble title of Genghis Khan is
1	guitar	the instrument of ronny cox is a guitar, and the instrument of ronny cox	The instrument of Ronny Cox is
0	catalonia	aragon shares a border with the spanish province of castilla y león,	Aragon shares a border with
0	pitcher	the team position of woody williams is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Woody Williams is
0	li	the family name of mason lee is derived from the place of his birth, the village	The family name of Mason Lee is
1	virginia	battle of appomattox court house is located in appomattox county, virginia, united states	Battle of Appomattox Court House is located in
1	netherlands	the country of leiden university is located in the netherlands. the city of leiden	The country of Leiden University is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of ireland is a constitutional monarchy. the monarch is the head of	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Ireland is
1	russia	the country of history of moscow is russia. the capital of russia is moscow. the	The country of history of Moscow is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of loránd eötvös is hungary.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Loránd Eötvös is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of kim clijsters is belgium.

the country of citizenship of kim	The country of citizenship of Kim Clijsters is
0	english	the language of american psycho is a language of the body. it is a language	The language of American Psycho is
0	albanians	the ethnic group of skanderbeg is albanian.

the ethnic group of sk	The ethnic group of Skanderbeg is
1	france	the original country of l'atalante is france, but the film was shot in the united	The original country of L'Atalante is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of tsai ing-wen is taiwan.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Tsai Ing-wen is
0	thanksgiving	the public holiday of alberta is the first monday in august. it is a day	The public holiday of Alberta is
0	aragon	catalonia shares a border with france, spain and andorra.	Catalonia shares a border with
1	russia	the original country of siberian husky is russia. the breed was developed in the late 19	The original country of Siberian Husky is
0	bangladesh	the country of padma river is located in the north-eastern part of india	The country of Padma River is
0	judaism	the religion of michael chabon is a mystery.

the pulitzer prize-winning	The religion of Michael Chabon is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of satoshi tajiri is japan.

the country of citizenship of satoshi	The country of citizenship of Satoshi Tajiri is
0	jazz	the genre of frank zappa is a difficult one to pin down. he was a	The genre of Frank Zappa is
1	o	the blood type of hideki matsui is a.

hideki matsui is a	The blood type of Hideki Matsui is
0	islam	the religion of zine el abidine ben ali is a strange one. it is a religion of the	The religion of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is
0	paper	the material used in postage stamp is a mixture of clay, limestone, and sand.	The material used in postage stamp is
1	english	the native language of philip henry gosse is english, but he was born in germany and educated	The native language of Philip Henry Gosse is
1	indonesia	the country of ternate sultanate is located in the island of tidore, indonesia.	The country of Ternate Sultanate is
0	french	pierre louis moreau de maupertuis writing languages

pierre louis moreau de maupertu	Pierre Louis Moreau de Maupertuis writing languages
0	islam	the religion of abu al-hariri is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Abu al-Hariri is
0	judaism	the religion of andré kertész is a mystery. he was born in budapest in 1901	The religion of André Kertész is
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of abdul halim of kedah is malaysia.

the country of citizenship of abdul	The country of citizenship of Abdul Halim of Kedah is
1	voltage	electrical resistance calculated from the measured voltage and current.

the measured	electrical resistance calculated from
1	california	sequoiadendron giganteum endemic to the sierra nevada mountains of california.

description	Sequoiadendron giganteum endemic to
0	tenor	the voice type of jose llana is a man. the age of jose llana is	The voice type of Jose Llana is
0	english	the language used in england is not the same as the language used in the united	The language used in England is
0	france	the country of citizenship of paul landowski is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Paul Landowski is
1	spanish	the official language of ushuaia is spanish.

history

the first european	The official language of Ushuaia is
0	portugal	madeira is located in the atlantic ocean, between the african continent and the	Madeira is located in
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of ferenc puskás is hungary.

ferenc puskás	The country of citizenship of Ferenc Puskás is
0	baseball	the sport played by jerry koosman is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Jerry Koosman is
0	spain	the country of cave of el castillo is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The country of Cave of El Castillo is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of silvio berlusconi is italy.

the country of citizenship of sil	The country of citizenship of Silvio Berlusconi is
1	russia	the country for sport played by khabib nurmagomedov is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Khabib Nurmagomedov is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of luís vaz de torres is portugal.

the country of citizenship of lu	The country of citizenship of Luís Vaz de Torres is
0	judaism	the religion of zooey deschanel is a secret.

the actress, who plays	The religion of Zooey Deschanel is
0	leinster	county westmeath is located in the midlands of ireland. it is the most	County Westmeath is located in
1	russia	mongolia shares a border with china, russia, and kazakhstan. it is b	Mongolia shares a border with
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of victor sjöström is sweden.

the country of citizenship of victor	The country of citizenship of Victor Sjöström is
1	english	the native language of nathan gamble is english. he is a native of the united states	The native language of Nathan Gamble is
1	england	the original country of cricket is india. the game was brought to england by the	The original country of cricket is
1	pakistan	gilgit-baltistan is territory claimed by pakistan and china. it is located in the northwest	Gilgit-Baltistan is territory claimed by
1	chinese	the language of shan hai jing is a mixture of chinese and english. the chinese characters	The language of Shan Hai Jing is
1	italy	the country of lombardy is located in the north of italy, and it is	The country of Lombardy is
0	turkey	the country of dardanelles is a small peninsula in the
north-west of	The country of Dardanelles is
1	france	the original country of asterix is gaul, a region of france. the gauls	The original country of Asterix is
0	english	the language of democracy now! is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Democracy Now! is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of fedor von bock is germany.

the country of citizenship of fed	The country of citizenship of Fedor von Bock is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of dezső gyarmati is hungary.

the country of citizenship of de	The country of citizenship of Dezső Gyarmati is
1	lithuanian	the official language of lithuania is lithuanian. the official language of the republic of	The official language of Lithuania is
1	germany	the country of krefeld is a small city in the north of germany. it	The country of Krefeld is
0	cuba	the country of havana is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Havana is
0	catholicism	the religion of paul scoon is a mystery.

the former pastor of the	The religion of Paul Scoon is
0	turkey	the country of tatar is located in the north of russia, in the region	The country of Tatar is
1	liberty	the main subject of on liberty is the nature of the state. it is a book	The main subject of On Liberty is
0	europe	the continent of ukrainian soviet socialist republic is located in the eastern part of the eurasian continent	The continent of Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander rodchenko is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander Rodchenko is
0	joseph	joe fortunato given name

joe fortunato is a fictional character	Joe Fortunato given name
1	china	the original country of romance of the three kingdoms is china. the story of the three kingdoms period is	The original country of Romance of the Three Kingdoms is
0	hinduism	the religion of madhuri dixit is a mystery. she is a hindu, but she	The religion of Madhuri Dixit is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges perec is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Georges Perec is
1	iran	the country of yazd province is located in the center of iran. it is a	The country of Yazd Province is
0	switzerland	the original country of white chocolate is the dominican republic. the first white chocolate was made	The original country of white chocolate is
0	islam	the religion of abu nuwas is a religion of love, of peace, of tolerance	The religion of Abu Nuwas is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by omar khayyám is persian, arabic, english, and turkish.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Omar Khayyám is
1	france	the original country of steak tartare is france, where it was first served in the 19	The original country of steak tartare is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-auguste renoir is france.

the country of birth of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Auguste Renoir is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of dayo okeniyi is nigeria.

dayo okeniyi	The country of citizenship of Dayo Okeniyi is
0	russian	innokenty annensky writing languages

innokenty annensky (	Innokenty Annensky writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of gichin funakoshi is japan.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Gichin Funakoshi is
0	annapolis	the capital of maryland is a city of about 6,000 people, located	The capital of Maryland is
1	malay	the official language of malacca sultanate is malay. the malay language is a member	The official language of Malacca sultanate is
1	plumbing	the product or material produced of plumbing is the water that is used in the house. the	The product or material produced of plumbing is
0	dvd	compact disc is followed by a long pause.

"i'm sorry	Compact Disc is followed by
0	joseph	joey graceffa given name

joey graceffa is an american	Joey Graceffa given name
0	pitcher	the team position of rick aguilera is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Rick Aguilera is
1	geneva	the headquarters location of international organization for migration is in geneva, switzerland.

history	The headquarters location of International Organization for Migration is
0	hinduism	the religion of shivnarine chanderpaul is cricket. he is a devout follower of the game	The religion of Shivnarine Chanderpaul is
0	switzerland	the country of international organization for migration is a country in the middle east. it is located	The country of International Organization for Migration is
0	english	the language of goodnight moon is a simple one, but it’s also	The language of Goodnight Moon is
0	english	the native language of ian paisley is the gaelic language, but he has been a	The native language of Ian Paisley is
1	piano	the instrument of van cliburn is a piano, and the instrument of the other pian	The instrument of Van Cliburn is
0	australia	the country of torres strait is a group of islands in the torres strait, between	The country of Torres Strait is
0	islam	the religion of waheeda rehman is a mystery. she is a muslim, but she	The religion of Waheeda Rehman is
0	baseball	the sport played by ricky bottalico is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Ricky Bottalico is
0	turkey	the country of citizenship of selim iii is not known. he was born in istanbul, the	The country of citizenship of Selim III is
0	catholicism	the religion of ojibwe is a polytheistic religion. the ojib	The religion of Ojibwe is
0	brown	the eye color of alyssa milano is blue. she is a famous actress and a model	The eye color of Alyssa Milano is
0	russia	the basin country of sea of azov is a unique place. it is a place of contrasts	The basin country of Sea of Azov is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of mike vanderjagt is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Mike Vanderjagt is
0	brown	the eye color of katharine mcphee is a mystery.

the former "american idol	The eye color of Katharine McPhee is
0	wyoming	cheyenne is capital of the cheyenne reservation, and is the	Cheyenne is capital of
1	french	the language used in brussels-capital region is a mixture of french and dutch. the official language	The language used in Brussels-Capital Region is
1	arabic	the language used in saudi arabia is a mixture of arabic and english. the arabic language	The language used in Saudi Arabia is
1	orange	the color of tangerine is a beautiful orange-red. it is a very	The color of tangerine is
1	german	the native language of henry e. steinway is german. he was born in 1836 in the	The native language of Henry E. Steinway is
0	france	the country of louis vuitton is a place where the most expensive and luxurious things in	The country of Louis Vuitton is
0	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by cornelio saavedra: isixhosa, isizulu,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Cornelio Saavedra: is
0	art	the genre of georgia o'keeffe is the most difficult to define. she was a painter	The genre of Georgia O'Keeffe is
0	france	the country of citizenship of napoleon ii is not known.

napoleon ii was born	The country of citizenship of Napoleon II is
1	brno	the capital of moravia is brno, a city of about 1.2	The capital of Moravia is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of jahangir khan is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of jah	The country of citizenship of Jahangir Khan is
0	forward	the team position of roberto baggio is a controversial one. he was a great player,	The team position of Roberto Baggio is
1	english	the language of king james version is the english language of the 1611 king james bible	The language of King James Version is
1	english	the language of today tonight is a mixture of english and the local language.	The language of Today Tonight is
1	russia	the original country of soyuz is russia, but the spacecraft is now manufactured in the	The original country of Soyuz is
0	murder	albert fish convicted of killing his wife, mother-in-law and	Albert Fish convicted of
0	shandong	jinan is located in the south of china, and is the capital of	Jinan is located in
1	english	the language of the birds of america is a mixture of english and spanish. the english is	The language of The Birds of America is
1	finland	the country of urho kekkonen national park is located in the north of finland. it is a	The country of Urho Kekkonen National Park is
0	istanbul	the residence of orhan pamuk is a museum of turkish culture. the museum is located	The residence of Orhan Pamuk is
0	clemens	the family name of mark twain is pronounced "mack-tain" and is	The family name of Mark Twain is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of new taipei city is located in the city's zhongzheng district	The office held by head of government of New Taipei City is
1	english	the native language of david ogden stiers is english, but he has been speaking spanish for the	The native language of David Ogden Stiers is
0	egypt	the country of cairo is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Cairo is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tanaka hisashige is japan.

the country of citizenship of tanaka	The country of citizenship of Tanaka Hisashige is
1	austria	the country of salzburg is located in the south of austria, in the middle	The country of Salzburg is
1	french	the native language of louis gallet is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Louis Gallet is
1	guitar	the instrument of bobby sherwood is a guitar, and the instrument of bobby sherwood	The instrument of Bobby Sherwood is
1	belarus	minsk is located in the north-western part of belarus, in the	Minsk is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yoshiharu habu is japan.

the country of citizenship of yosh	The country of citizenship of Yoshiharu Habu is
1	italian	the language of tosca is a mixture of italian and french. the italian is	The language of Tosca is
1	ukraine	the country of kirovohrad oblast is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Kirovohrad Oblast is
1	o	the blood type of bae yong-joon is a.

bae yong-joon	The blood type of Bae Yong-joon is
0	scots	the language used in shetland islands is a dialect of the scandinavian language, which is a	The language used in Shetland Islands is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of adam goodes is australia.

the country of citizenship of adam	The country of citizenship of Adam Goodes is
1	german	the language of das lied der deutschen is a german translation of the song "the german lied	The language of Das Lied der Deutschen is
0	france	the country of citizenship of didier drogba is ivory coast.

didier drogba	The country of citizenship of Didier Drogba is
1	ukraine	dnipropetrovsk oblast is located in the south-east of ukraine. it is the	Dnipropetrovsk Oblast is located in
0	iraq	kuwait shares a border with saudi arabia, and the two countries have been at	Kuwait shares a border with
0	germany	the country of berlin is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Berlin is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of dan o'herlihy is ireland.

the country of citizenship of dan	The country of citizenship of Dan O'Herlihy is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dino buzzati is italy.

the country of citizenship of dino	The country of citizenship of Dino Buzzati is
0	psychiatry	anxiety disorder is studied by the national institute of mental health (nimh	anxiety disorder is studied by
0	french	the native language of annie fratellini is italian. she is a native speaker of italian and	The native language of Annie Fratellini is
0	baseball	the sport played by jason thompson is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Jason Thompson is
1	english	the official language of belize is english. spanish is spoken by many belizeans	The official language of Belize is
1	madagascar	the country of antsirabe is located in the north of madagascar, in the region	The country of Antsirabe is
0	asia	the continent of istanbul is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The continent of Istanbul is
0	spain	the country of donostia-san sebastian is a small, but very beautiful, region in the	The country of Donostia-San Sebastian is
0	slovenia	the country of lake cerknica is located in the north of the continent of cerk	The country of Lake Cerknica is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of milutin milanković is serbian.

biography

milut	The ethnic group of Milutin Milanković is
1	india	the country of dwarka is located in the state of gujarat, india. it	The country of Dwarka is
1	english	the native language of lorne lanning is english, but he has been speaking japanese since he	The native language of Lorne Lanning is
1	kazakhstan	almaty is located in the south of kazakhstan, in the south of the	Almaty is located in
0	tenor	the voice type of karel gott is a very special one. it is a voice that	The voice type of Karel Gott is
1	australia	budgerigar endemic to australia

the budgerigar (mel	Budgerigar endemic to
0	blue	the eye color of kathleen kinmont is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Kathleen Kinmont is
0	golf	the sport played by robert j. wilke is a sport of the past. it is a sport	The sport played by Robert J. Wilke is
1	murder	larry hoover convicted of murder

lloyd "l.d	Larry Hoover convicted of
0	russia	the country for sport played by anatoly karpov is the soviet union.

the country for sport	The country for sport played by Anatoly Karpov is
0	catholicism	the religion of david henrie is a mystery.

the former university of alabama	The religion of David Henrie is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of jusepe de ribera is spain.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jusepe de Ribera is
1	o	the blood type of nichkhun is a+ and he is a very good actor.	The blood type of Nichkhun is
1	guitar	the instrument of michael pitt is a guitar, and the instrument of michael pitt is	The instrument of Michael Pitt is
1	spanish	the language used in el salvador is spanish, but the country is also home to a	The language used in El Salvador is
0	blue	the eye color of monica keena is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Monica Keena is
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of england is a land of great beauty and diversity. it is	The continent of Kingdom of England is
0	colonel	the military rank of margarethe cammermeyer is captain.

biography

early life	The military rank of Margarethe Cammermeyer is
1	spain	the country of alcalá de henares is located in the province of madrid, spain. it	The country of Alcalá de Henares is
1	saxony	dresden is capital of the german state of saxony and is the second	Dresden is capital of
0	112	the emergency phone number of east timor is +670-2-811-811	The emergency phone number of East Timor is
1	republic	the basic form of government of north vietnam is a republic, with the people as the sovereign.	The basic form of government of North Vietnam is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of franz schubert is austria.

the country of citizenship of franz	The country of citizenship of Franz Schubert is
0	cumbria	hadrian's wall is located in the north of england, in the county of north	Hadrian's Wall is located in
1	iran	the country of citizenship of faramarz payvar is iran.

faramarz payvar was	The country of citizenship of Faramarz Payvar is
0	baseball	the sport played by mike mccormick is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Mike McCormick is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl friedrich schinkel is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl Friedrich Schinkel is
1	english	the language of the christian science monitor is free from the constraints of the english language. it	The language of The Christian Science Monitor is
1	germany	saxony-anhalt is located in the north-east of germany. it is the	Saxony-Anhalt is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of horiguchi daigaku is japan.

the country of citizenship of hor	The country of citizenship of Horiguchi Daigaku is
1	epic	the genre of iliad is epic. it is a story of war, of	The genre of Iliad is
0	poetry	the genre of abraham cowley is the english renaissance. he was born in 1566	The genre of Abraham Cowley is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of nellie mcclung is canada.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Nellie McClung is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johannes stark is germany.

the country of citizenship of johannes	The country of citizenship of Johannes Stark is
0	italy	the country of florence is a beautiful place to visit. it is a city	The country of Florence is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alphonse daudet is france.

the country of citizenship of ed	The country of citizenship of Alphonse Daudet is
1	hindi	the native language of ranbir kapoor is hindi. he is a very good actor and has	The native language of Ranbir Kapoor is
1	japanese	the native language of ozaki kōyō is japanese.

ozaki kōy	The native language of Ozaki Kōyō is
1	indonesia	the country of north sumatra is located in the western part of indonesia. it is	The country of North Sumatra is
1	guitar	the instrument of john lombardo is a guitar with a built-in amplifier. it	The instrument of John Lombardo is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of pietro perugino is unknown. he was born in florence, italy,	The country of citizenship of Pietro Perugino is
0	catholicism	the religion of ante pavelić is a mystery. the croatian fascist leader was a catholic	The religion of Ante Pavelić is
0	catholicism	the religion of luis echeverría is a mystery.

the former president of mexico	The religion of Luis Echeverría is
0	buddhism	the religion of lu zhishen is a religion of the heart. it is a religion	The religion of Lu Zhishen is
0	piano	the instrument of mitsuko uchida is a violin, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Mitsuko Uchida is
0	jazz	the genre of phil harris is a bit of a mystery. he was a comedian	The genre of Phil Harris is
0	hinduism	the religion of indira gandhi is a mystery.

she was a devout hindu	The religion of Indira Gandhi is
0	france	the country of cubism is a place where the past and the future meet.	The country of Cubism is
1	ukraine	ukrainian is indigenous to the territory of the modern ukraine, and is spoken	Ukrainian is indigenous to
0	emi	the record label of kraftwerk is a german record label founded in 1970 by the band	The record label of Kraftwerk is
1	latvia	riga is located in the latvian capital, riga, and	Riga is located in
0	jazz	the genre of anthony braxton is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Anthony Braxton is
0	english	the native language of jeffrey dahmer is german. he was born in milwaukee, wisconsin,	The native language of Jeffrey Dahmer is
0	indonesia	the country of pontianak is located in the province of west kalimantan	The country of Pontianak is
0	forward	the team position of dixie dean is a bit of a mystery. he was a centre	The team position of Dixie Dean is
1	english	the native language of nelson rockefeller is english. he was born in manhattan, new york	The native language of Nelson Rockefeller is
1	french	the official language of republic of the congo is french.

the official religion of republic of	The official language of Republic of the Congo is
1	jazz	the genre of jimmy dorsey is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Jimmy Dorsey is
1	c	microsoft windows programming language

microsoft windows programming languages are programming languages that	Microsoft Windows programming language
0	lansing	the capital of michigan is the largest city in the state. it is also	The capital of Michigan is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of robert lewandowski is poland.

robert lewandowski is a polish	The country of citizenship of Robert Lewandowski is
1	venezuela	trinidad and tobago shares a border with venezuela, and the two countries have a long history	Trinidad and Tobago shares a border with
0	russian	the official language of kazakhstan is kazakh. the kazakh language is a turkic language	The official language of Kazakhstan is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of peter weir is australia.

the country of citizenship of peter	The country of citizenship of Peter Weir is
1	pretoria	the capital of south african republic is the city of pretoria. the city is located	The capital of South African Republic is
1	jazz	the genre of mary lou williams is a bit of a mystery. she was a jazz	The genre of Mary Lou Williams is
0	asia	the continent of islamabad is a place of many contradictions. it is a city	The continent of Islamabad is
1	finnish	the language of kalevala is a mixture of finnish and estonian. the finnish	The language of Kalevala is
1	palermo	the capital of sicily is palermo, a city of about 1.	The capital of Sicily is
0	buddhism	the religion of trần thánh tông is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Trần Thánh Tông is
1	italy	the original country of risotto is italy, where it is known as riso e	The original country of risotto is
1	amman	the capital of jordan is amman. it is located in the middle of	The capital of Jordan is
1	e	the language used in guangxi zhuang autonomous region is a dialect of the zhuang language, which is	The language used in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region is
0	baseball	the sport played by dennis martínez is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Dennis Martínez is
0	piano	the instrument of jamie foxx is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Jamie Foxx is
0	baritone	the voice type of mattia battistini is a very interesting one. he has a very deep	The voice type of Mattia Battistini is
1	denmark	copenhagen is capital of denmark, and the danish capital is a city of	Copenhagen is capital of
0	baseball	the sport played by mickey lolich is a game of speed and power. it is a	The sport played by Mickey Lolich is
0	english	the native language of james buchanan is scottish gaelic. he was born in the village	The native language of James Buchanan is
0	hinduism	the religion of omi vaidya is a religion of love, peace and harmony. it	The religion of Omi Vaidya is
0	english	the language of abbey road is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Abbey Road is
1	a	the blood type of kiyoshi hikawa is a.

kiyoshi hikawa is	The blood type of Kiyoshi Hikawa is
0	baseball	the sport played by hank greenberg is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Hank Greenberg is
1	treason	carl von ossietzky convicted of treason

the trial of carl von ossiet	Carl von Ossietzky convicted of
0	brown	the eye color of claudia cardinale is a mystery.

the italian actress, who	The eye color of Claudia Cardinale is
0	france	the country of citizenship of françois-noël babeuf is not known.

biography

b	The country of citizenship of François-Noël Babeuf is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of germain henri hess is germany.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Germain Henri Hess is
0	poetry	the genre of josé cadalso is a bit of a mystery. he was born in	The genre of José Cadalso is
1	handball	the sport played by handball-bundesliga is a team sport played by two teams of seven players	The sport played by Handball-Bundesliga is
0	altitude	the measured physical quantity of height above mean sea level is a key parameter in the study of the earth's	The measured physical quantity of height above mean sea level is
1	corruption	hosni mubarak convicted of corruption

hosni mubarak, the former	Hosni Mubarak convicted of
0	baron	the noble title of peter ustinov is a very rare one. he was born in russia	The noble title of Peter Ustinov is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of paul scully-power is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Paul Scully-Power is
1	vietnamese	the official language of hanoi is vietnamese. the official language of ho chi minh	The official language of Hanoi is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of yehudi menuhin is israel.

the country of citizenship of ye	The country of citizenship of Yehudi Menuhin is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of margraviate of brandenburg is a monarchy, with the margrave as the head	The basic form of government of Margraviate of Brandenburg is
1	finland	the original country of nightwish is finland. the band was formed in the early 1990	The original country of Nightwish is
1	kannada	the official language of hoysala empire is kannada. the hoysala empire was	The official language of Hoysala Empire is
1	english	the language of gunsmoke is a mixture of english and spanish. the spanish words	The language of Gunsmoke is
1	taiwan	taipei is located in the middle of the island of taiwan, and is	Taipei is located in
1	wales	the original country of welsh corgi is wales. the breed was developed in the early 1800	The original country of Welsh Corgi is
1	latin	the native language of pliny the elder is latin, and he was a roman citizen. he	The native language of Pliny the Elder is
1	russia	the country of vladikavkaz is located in the north caucasus region of russia. it	The country of Vladikavkaz is
1	france	the original country of can-can is france, where it was first performed in the early	The original country of can-can is
0	argentina	the country for sport played by helenio herrera is the country of the country of the country of the	The country for sport played by Helenio Herrera is
0	nepal	the country of citizenship of ram baran yadav is india.

the country of citizenship of ram	The country of citizenship of Ram Baran Yadav is
0	yugoslavia	the country of citizenship of ivan meštrović is croatia.

ivan meštrovi	The country of citizenship of Ivan Meštrović is
0	spain	the country of melilla is a spanish enclave in northern morocco. it is located	The country of Melilla is
1	turkish	the language of bizimkiler is a dialect of turkish, and the language of the	The language of Bizimkiler is
1	yemen	aden is capital of the republic of yemen, and the second largest city	Aden is capital of
0	france	the country of citizenship of lily-rose depp is the united states of america.

lily	The country of citizenship of Lily-Rose Depp is
0	bp	anglo-persian oil company is followed by the anglo-persian oil company, which was	Anglo-Persian Oil Company is followed by
0	islam	the religion of abu bakr ibn umar is the religion of the prophet muhammad.

the	The religion of Abu Bakr ibn Umar is
1	germany	the country of university of stuttgart is located in the south of germany. the city of	The country of University of Stuttgart is
0	brown	the eye color of bonnie-jill laflin is a mystery.

the 5-year-	The eye color of Bonnie-Jill Laflin is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gustave doré is unknown. he was born in paris, france,	The country of citizenship of Gustave Doré is
0	france	the country of french colonial empire is a land of contrasts. the french language is spoken	The country of French colonial empire is
1	german	the native language of gerhart hauptmann is german. he was born in 1848 in the	The native language of Gerhart Hauptmann is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of joão figueiredo is angola.

the country of citizenship of jo	The country of citizenship of João Figueiredo is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of carlos saura is spain.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Saura is
1	blues	the genre of big bill broonzy is a bit of a mystery. he was a blues	The genre of Big Bill Broonzy is
0	english	the language used in sint maarten (dutch part) is dutch.

the language used in the netherlands	The language used in Sint Maarten (Dutch part) is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of béla bartók is hungary.

béla bartók	The country of citizenship of Béla Bartók is
0	france	the country of citizenship of valery larbaud is russia.

the country of citizenship of val	The country of citizenship of Valery Larbaud is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of chiang ching-kuo is taiwan.

the country of citizenship of ch	The country of citizenship of Chiang Ching-kuo is
0	baseball	the sport played by jon lester is a game of inches.

the game of	The sport played by Jon Lester is
0	lebanon	the country of sidon is a small island in the mediterranean sea, located in	The country of Sidon is
1	o	the blood type of walter catlett is a.

walter catlett was born	The blood type of Walter Catlett is
1	tbilisi	the capital of georgia is tbilisi, which is located in the country	The capital of Georgia is
0	english	the native language of matthew prior is not known. he was educated at oxford, and	The native language of Matthew Prior is
0	sweden	the country of ericsson is a land of ice and snow, where the sun	The country of Ericsson is
0	ios	the platform of pokémon go is a great way to get people outside and active.	The platform of Pokémon Go is
0	egypt	the country of giza pyramid complex is located in the heart of the nile valley, in	The country of Giza pyramid complex is
0	turki	the official language of khanate of sibir is [mask]

the official language of the khanate of	The official language of Khanate of Sibir is [MASK]
0	canada	the country of citizenship of martha wainwright is the united kingdom.

martha wain	The country of citizenship of Martha Wainwright is
1	cuba	havana is capital of cuba, and the largest city in the country.	Havana is capital of
0	lightweight	the competition class of conor mcgregor is a very interesting one. the irishman has been	The competition class of Conor McGregor is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of parmigianino is unknown. he was born in florence, italy,	The country of citizenship of Parmigianino is
1	basketball	the sport played by dolph schayes is basketball. he is a basketball player. he is	The sport played by Dolph Schayes is
0	islam	the religion of azhar usman is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Azhar Usman is
0	asia	the continent of french indochina is a vast, diverse and fascinating region. it is	The continent of French Indochina is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jules verne is not known.

jules verne was	The country of citizenship of Jules Verne is
1	guitar	the instrument of tennessee ernie ford is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Tennessee Ernie Ford is
0	astronomy	galaxy group or cluster is studied by measuring the x-ray luminosity of the hot	galaxy group or cluster is studied by
1	france	the country of alsace is located in the heart of france, and is b	The country of Alsace is
0	linguistics	evolution of language is facet of the evolution of the mind.

the evolution	evolution of language is facet of
0	jazz	the genre of gale robbins is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Gale Robbins is
1	belgium	the country of anderlecht is a small, but very interesting, country in belgium	The country of Anderlecht is
0	africa	the continent of sokoto caliphate is a land of great beauty and diversity. it is	The continent of Sokoto Caliphate is
0	lancashire	the historic county of great britain is divided into four administrative regions: england, scotland,	The historic county of Great Britain is
1	serbian	the official language of serbia is serbian. the official language of kosovo is albanian	The official language of Serbia is
1	english	the native language of philip k. dick is english, but he wrote in a variety of other	The native language of Philip K. Dick is
1	islam	the religion of abdelkader el djezairi is islam.

abdelkader el dj	The religion of Abdelkader El Djezairi is
1	guitar	the instrument of keith richards is a guitar, and the instrument of mick jagger	The instrument of Keith Richards is
0	malayalam	the language used in tamil nadu is a mixture of tamil and english. the tamil language	The language used in Tamil Nadu is
0	pitcher	the team position of floyd bannister is a bit of a mystery. he was a running	The team position of Floyd Bannister is
0	tenor	the voice type of meat loaf is a man.

the voice type of meat	The voice type of Meat Loaf is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heidi klum is germany.

heidi klum net worth	The country of citizenship of Heidi Klum is
1	russian	the native language of sergey bodrov, jr. is russian. he was born in the city of k	The native language of Sergey Bodrov, Jr. is
0	brown	the eye color of mae west is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Mae West is
1	kingston	the capital of norfolk island is the town of kingston. it is located on the	The capital of Norfolk Island is
0	hinduism	the religion of kanhoji angre is a religion of the people. it is a religion	The religion of Kanhoji Angre is
0	english	the language of united states declaration of independence is a powerful statement of the principles that have guided the	The language of United States Declaration of Independence is
1	french	the native language of eric cantona is french, but he has been speaking english for most	The native language of Eric Cantona is
1	english	the language of teletubbies is a mixture of english and welsh.

the	The language of Teletubbies is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles-maurice de talleyrand-périgord is france.

the country of birth of charles	The country of citizenship of Charles-Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord is
1	philippines	the country of cebu city is located in the central part of the philippines. it	The country of Cebu City is
0	emi	the record label of hikaru utada is avex trax.

history	The record label of Hikaru Utada is
0	brown	the eye color of katherine kelly lang is a beautiful shade of blue. she has a very	The eye color of Katherine Kelly Lang is
0	greek	the official language of kushan empire is sanskrit.

kushan empire	The official language of Kushan Empire is
1	spain	gibraltar is territory claimed by spain and the united kingdom. it is located on	Gibraltar is territory claimed by
1	amsterdam	the headquarters location of dutch east india company is in amsterdam.

the headquarters location of dutch	The headquarters location of Dutch East India Company is
0	cyclist	bicycle is used by the majority of the population.

the city	bicycle is used by
1	japan	the country of citizenship of honinbo shusaku is japan.

the country of citizenship of hon	The country of citizenship of Honinbo Shusaku is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob turley is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Bob Turley is
1	metal	the product or material produced of smelting is called as metal. the metal is a combination of	The product or material produced of smelting is
0	africa	the continent of blue nile is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The continent of Blue Nile is
1	iceland	the country of citizenship of ólafur elíasson is iceland.

the country of residence of �	The country of citizenship of Ólafur Elíasson is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of quezon city is the seat of the local government of quezon city	The office held by head of government of Quezon City is
1	english	the native language of oliver cromwell is not english, but latin.

the native	The native language of Oliver Cromwell is
0	english	the language of the chrysanthemum and the sword is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful language. it	The language of The Chrysanthemum and the Sword is
1	english	the language of wagon train is a mixture of english and spanish. the spanish is	The language of Wagon Train is
1	japan	the country for sport played by kazuhiro sasaki is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Kazuhiro Sasaki is
0	blue	the eye color of christa campbell is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Christa Campbell is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of anatoly karpov is russia.

the country of citizenship of anat	The country of citizenship of Anatoly Karpov is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis pasteur is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Louis Pasteur is
1	buddhism	the religion of li ka-shing is buddhism. he is a devout buddhist and has donated	The religion of Li Ka-shing is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jacques pierre brissot is unknown.

biography

jacques	The country of citizenship of Jacques Pierre Brissot is
0	france	the country of citizenship of evan spiegel is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Evan Spiegel is
0	english	the language of the jungle book is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of The Jungle Book is
0	english	the language of narrative of the life of frederick douglass, an american slave is a powerful tool for understanding the history of the united	The language of Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave is
0	indonesia	the country of sumatra is located in the western part of the island of sum	The country of Sumatra is
1	basketball	the sport played by pascal siakam is basketball. he is a 6-foot-9	The sport played by Pascal Siakam is
1	russian	the native language of ayn rand is russian. she was born alisa rosenbaum in	The native language of Ayn Rand is
1	lviv	the capital of kingdom of galicia–volhynia is lviv. the city is located in the western	The capital of Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of vittorio pozzo is italy.

the country of citizenship of v	The country of citizenship of Vittorio Pozzo is
0	greeks	the ethnic group of greece is the hellenic people, a term used to refer	The ethnic group of Greece is
0	baseball	the sport played by ellis burks is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Ellis Burks is
1	english	the official language of california is english. however, the state also recognizes the use	The official language of California is
1	england	hertfordshire is located in the east of england, in the south-east	Hertfordshire is located in
1	india	the country of assam is located in the northeastern part of india. it is	The country of Assam is
0	baseball	the sport played by shigetoshi hasegawa is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Shigetoshi Hasegawa is
1	french	the language of eugénie grandet is a mixture of the french of the time and the	The language of Eugénie Grandet is
1	russian	the language of the death of ivan ilyich is a mixture of russian and english. the russian is	The language of The Death of Ivan Ilyich is
1	stone	the material used in sagrada família is a mixture of concrete and stone. the concrete is	The material used in Sagrada Família is
1	persian	the official language of khorasan province is persian.

history

the history of	The official language of Khorasan Province is
1	time	the measured physical quantity of picosecond is the time interval between two successive pulses. the time	The measured physical quantity of picosecond is
1	italy	the country of university of padua is located in the north of italy, in the ven	The country of University of Padua is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of una o'connor is ireland.

the country of citizenship of un	The country of citizenship of Una O'Connor is
1	arabic	the language used in south yemen is a dialect of the arabic language. the arabic language	The language used in South Yemen is
0	india	the country of mira-bhayandar is a land of mystery and magic. the people of	The country of Mira-Bhayandar is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of sławomir mrożek is poland.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sławomir Mrożek is
1	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by luiz inácio 'lula' da silva is portuguese, english, spanish, french, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Luiz Inácio 'Lula' da Silva is
0	europe	the continent of byzantine empire is a land of many wonders. the byzantine empire was	The continent of Byzantine Empire is
0	nintendo	the publisher of pokémon is looking to make a big splash with the release of	The publisher of Pokémon is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of marcus clarke is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Marcus Clarke is
0	spanish	the native language of jojo's people is the language of the people of the island of jo	The native language of Jojo's people is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of sezen aksu is turkey.

the country of citizenship of se	The country of citizenship of Sezen Aksu is
0	africa	the continent of kagera river is located in the east of rwanda, and it is	The continent of Kagera River is
0	christianity	the religion of heinrich heine is a subject of much controversy. heine was a	The religion of Heinrich Heine is
1	german	the native language of wilhelm backhaus is german. he was born in the city of st	The native language of Wilhelm Backhaus is
0	robbery	willie sutton convicted of murder

willie sutton, the notorious bank	Willie Sutton convicted of
0	islam	the religion of khawaja nazimuddin is a matter of conjecture. he was born in 18	The religion of Khawaja Nazimuddin is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of marcos pérez jiménez is cuba.

the country of citizenship of fidel	The country of citizenship of Marcos Pérez Jiménez is
0	optics	the main subject of opticks, or a treatise of the reflections, refractions, inflections and colours of light is the nature of light. in the first part of	The main subject of Opticks, or a Treatise of the Reflections, Refractions, Inflections and Colours of Light is
0	square	the publisher of final fantasy vii is making a new game. it’s called	The publisher of Final Fantasy VII is
0	christianity	the religion of andrew johnson is a mystery. he was a man of strong religious	The religion of Andrew Johnson is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of geraldine heaney is ireland.

the country of citizenship of gerald	The country of citizenship of Geraldine Heaney is
0	islam	the religion of isaiah mustafa is a mystery.

the former professional wrestler,	The religion of Isaiah Mustafa is
1	brazil	the country of brasília is the capital of brazil. it is located in the	The country of Brasília is
0	english	the language of the miseducation of lauryn hill is a beautiful, poetic, and powerful piece of work	The language of The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is
0	sweden	the country of scandinavian peninsula is known for its beautiful nature, clean air, and	The country of Scandinavian Peninsula is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by la niña de los peines is:

spanish

english

french	The languages spoken, written or signed by La Niña de los Peines is
1	argentina	the country of corrientes is located in the north of argentina, in the province	The country of Corrientes is
0	112	the emergency phone number of guinea-bissau is +244-22-22-22-22	The emergency phone number of Guinea-Bissau is
1	ukraine	the country of kharkiv oblast is located in the north-east of ukraine. it	The country of Kharkiv Oblast is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of gottlieb daimler is germany.

the country of citizenship of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Gottlieb Daimler is
1	islam	the religion of huseyn shaheed suhrawardy is islam. he was born in the village of k	The religion of Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy is
1	dutch	the native language of johan cruyff is dutch. he was born in amsterdam on march 24	The native language of Johan Cruyff is
1	japan	the country of ehime prefecture is located in the southern part of japan. it is	The country of Ehime Prefecture is
0	spain	the country of spanish civil war is a country in the iberian peninsula, located	The country of Spanish Civil War is
0	green	the eye color of angelina jolie is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Angelina Jolie is
0	brown	the eye color of linda lovelace is a mystery.

the former porn star,	The eye color of Linda Lovelace is
0	midfielder	the team position of juan alberto schiaffino is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Juan Alberto Schiaffino is
0	luxembourg	the country of european investment bank is a member of the european union. the european investment	The country of European Investment Bank is
0	green	the eye color of ava gardner is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Ava Gardner is
0	baseball	the sport played by rick honeycutt is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Rick Honeycutt is
1	euro	the currency of greece is the euro. the euro is the official currency of	The currency of Greece is
0	france	the country of auguste and louis lumière is a land of contrasts. the capital, lyon,	The country of Auguste and Louis Lumière is
0	buddhism	the religion of yukio mishima is a subject of much debate. the most common view	The religion of Yukio Mishima is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of ben enwonwu is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of ben	The country of citizenship of Ben Enwonwu is
1	basketball	the sport played by karl-anthony towns is basketball. the sport played by karl-anthony towns	The sport played by Karl-Anthony Towns is
1	hinduism	the religion of kittur chennamma is a blend of hinduism and buddhism. the goddess	The religion of Kittur Chennamma is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco morazán is honduras.

the country of birth of francisco	The country of citizenship of Francisco Morazán is
1	catcher	the team position of thurman munson is a bit of a mystery. he was a catcher	The team position of Thurman Munson is
0	baseball	the sport played by dom dimaggio is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Dom DiMaggio is
0	english	the language of buried child is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Buried Child is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of hussein of jordan is arab.

hussein of jordan was	The ethnic group of Hussein of Jordan is
1	english	the language of the poisonwood bible is a mixture of english and french, and the book	The language of The Poisonwood Bible is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of frank wilczek is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Frank Wilczek is
0	russians	the ethnic group of ukraine is a diverse collection of peoples, who have lived in	The ethnic group of Ukraine is
0	paris	the headquarters location of international council on monuments and sites is in washington, d.c.

the	The headquarters location of International Council on Monuments and Sites is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of andrew barton paterson is canada.

the country of citizenship of andrew	The country of citizenship of Andrew Barton Paterson is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of rodolfo hoyos, jr. is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Rodolfo Hoyos, Jr. is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by honoré gabriel riqueti, comte de mirabeau is french, french, and french.

the	The languages spoken, written or signed by Honoré Gabriel Riqueti, comte de Mirabeau is
1	english	the language of night court is a mixture of the english language and the language of	The language of Night Court is
1	islam	the religion of faisal of saudi arabia is islam. he was born on the 23rd of	The religion of Faisal of Saudi Arabia is
0	piano	the instrument of luciano berio is a kind of musical instrument that is not a musical	The instrument of Luciano Berio is
1	england	west sussex is located in the south-east of england, bordering the counties	West Sussex is located in
1	wales	the original country of cardigan welsh corgi is wales. the breed was developed in the early 1800	The original country of Cardigan Welsh Corgi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giorgetto giugiaro is italy.

giorgetto giugi	The country of citizenship of Giorgetto Giugiaro is
0	basketball	the sport played by dave cowens is a game of skill, but it is also a	The sport played by Dave Cowens is
0	islam	the religion of rajah sulayman is a mystery. he is a muslim, but he	The religion of Rajah Sulayman is
0	english	the language of bitches brew is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Bitches Brew is
1	france	the country of citizenship of claire denis is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Claire Denis is
1	tehran	the capital of imperial state of iran is tehran. the capital of the islamic republic of iran	The capital of Imperial State of Iran is
1	112	the emergency phone number of iceland is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Iceland is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nadia boulanger is france.

the country of citizenship of nad	The country of citizenship of Nadia Boulanger is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of matsuo bashō is japan.

matsuo bashō was	The country of citizenship of Matsuo Bashō is
0	bangladesh	the country of sundarbans is located in the bay of bengal, in the eastern	The country of Sundarbans is
1	india	the country of malayalam is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Malayalam is
1	english	the native language of emily brontë is english, but she wrote in english with a strong	The native language of Emily Brontë is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of howie morenz is not known.

career statistics	The country of citizenship of Howie Morenz is
0	singapore	the headquarters location of asia-pacific economic cooperation is in the city of tianjin, china.	The headquarters location of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation is
0	christianity	the religion of marilyn monroe is a subject that has been discussed for decades. the	The religion of Marilyn Monroe is
0	swedish	the official language of åland islands is finnish. the official language of the åland	The official language of Åland Islands is
0	white	the color of diamond dust is a deep, rich, and intense blue. it	The color of diamond dust is
0	cricket	the sport played by arthur conan doyle is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Arthur Conan Doyle is
0	asia	the continent of western chalukya empire is located in the southern part of india. it is	The continent of Western Chalukya Empire is
1	english	the native language of kaitlyn dever is english. she was born in the united states and	The native language of Kaitlyn Dever is
0	english	the language of mythbusters is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of MythBusters is
0	granite	the material used in mount blackburn is a high-strength, high-toughness	The material used in Mount Blackburn is
0	tenor	the voice type of anthony fedorov is russian.

the voice type of anthony fed	The voice type of Anthony Fedorov is
1	german	the native language of willy brandt is german. he was born in berlin on may 2	The native language of Willy Brandt is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of oleh blokhin is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of ole	The country of citizenship of Oleh Blokhin is
1	112	the emergency phone number of luxembourg is 112.

luxembourg is a	The emergency phone number of Luxembourg is
1	france	the country of citizenship of maurice chevalier is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Maurice Chevalier is
0	english	the language of we choose to go to the moon is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of We choose to go to the Moon is
0	islam	the religion of osman i is a matter of dispute. the most common view is	The religion of Osman I is
1	arabic	the native language of faten hamama is arabic. she was born in the city of al	The native language of Faten Hamama is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise hardy is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Françoise Hardy is
0	monarchy	the basic form of government of kyivska rus' is the autocracy, which is a form of government	The basic form of government of Kyivska Rus' is
1	china	the original country of traditional chinese medicine is china. the earliest written records of chinese medicine date	The original country of traditional Chinese medicine is
1	nintendo	the publisher of mario kart is a company called nintendo. it’s a	The publisher of Mario Kart is
1	italy	the country of mantua is located in the north of italy, in the region	The country of Mantua is
1	english	the language used in sierra leone is english, but the country is also home to a	The language used in Sierra Leone is
1	peshawar	the capital of khyber pakhtunkhwa is peshawar. it is the largest city of kh	The capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa is
0	zaragoza	the capital of kingdom of aragon is barcelona. the capital of catalonia is barcelona. the	The capital of Kingdom of Aragon is
0	ottawa	the capital of canada is a city of contrasts. it’s a	The capital of Canada is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of gino bartali is italy.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Gino Bartali is
0	pitcher	the team position of tim lincecum is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Tim Lincecum is
1	english	the native language of robert harron is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Robert Harron is
1	basketball	the sport played by gerald wallace is basketball. he is a 6-foot-7	The sport played by Gerald Wallace is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of allan border is australia.

the country of citizenship of allan	The country of citizenship of Allan Border is
1	poetry	the genre of sorley maclean is the gaelic poetry of the scottish highlands. it	The genre of Sorley MacLean is
1	pakistan	the country for sport played by imran khan is pakistan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Imran Khan is
0	islam	the religion of al-maʿarri is a form of neoplatonism, which is	The religion of Al-Maʿarri is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of snub pollard is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Snub Pollard is
1	islam	the religion of allauddin khan is islam. he was born in a muslim family.	The religion of Allauddin Khan is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of hercule poirot is the united kingdom.

hercule po	The country of citizenship of Hercule Poirot is
0	oslo	the residence of roald amundsen is located in the village of framheim, in the	The residence of Roald Amundsen is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of fernão mendes pinto is portugal.

the country of citizenship of fern	The country of citizenship of Fernão Mendes Pinto is
0	england	the original country of croquet is unknown, but it is believed to have originated in	The original country of croquet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of emmanuel macron is france.

the country of citizenship of marine	The country of citizenship of Emmanuel Macron is
1	germany	the original country of angewandte chemie is germany. the journal was founded in 1879 by	The original country of Angewandte Chemie is
0	techno	the genre of t.a.t.u. is a bit of a mystery. the russian duo,	The genre of t.A.T.u. is
0	asia	the continent of ctesiphon is a land of great beauty and wonder. it is	The continent of Ctesiphon is
1	german	the native language of karl lagerfeld is german. he was born in hamburg, germany,	The native language of Karl Lagerfeld is
1	brown	the eye color of sanaa lathan is brown. she is 5'7" (1	The eye color of Sanaa Lathan is
1	greenland	nuuk is capital of greenland, and the only city in the country.	Nuuk is capital of
1	malaysia	the country of citizenship of tunku abdul rahman is malaysia.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tunku Abdul Rahman is
1	english	the native language of billie eilish is english, but she’s also fluent in	The native language of Billie Eilish is
1	spanish	the native language of desi arnaz is spanish, but he was born in cuba and grew	The native language of Desi Arnaz is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of erik the red is unknown. he was the first european to discover greenland	The country of citizenship of Erik the Red is
1	nintendo	the publisher of wii sports is suing nintendo for copyright infringement, claiming that the company	The publisher of Wii Sports is
0	english	the native language of frank abagnale is french. he was born in new rochelle,	The native language of Frank Abagnale is
0	queensland	torres strait is located in the north-eastern part of the gulf of	Torres Strait is located in
1	german	the native language of august wilhelm iffland is german. he was born in the town of k	The native language of August Wilhelm Iffland is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-marie collot d'herbois is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jules léotard is not known.

biography

j	The country of citizenship of Jules Léotard is
1	english	the language of lady chatterley's lover is a mixture of the english of the time and the	The language of Lady Chatterley's Lover is
0	maldives	addu atoll is located in the indian ocean, about 1,000 km south	Addu Atoll is located in
1	spain	balearic islands is located in the mediterranean sea, between spain and france. it	Balearic Islands is located in
1	india	the country for sport played by dhyan chand is india.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Dhyan Chand is
0	england	the original country of table tennis is china. the game was invented in the late 19	The original country of table tennis is
0	marble	the material used in parthenon is a very good example of the use of the	The material used in Parthenon is
1	bangladesh	dhaka is capital of bangladesh. it is the largest city in the country	Dhaka is capital of
1	hungary	baranya county is located in the north-eastern part of hungary, in	Baranya County is located in
0	africa	the continent of luxor is a vast, ancient land, and the city of	The continent of Luxor is
0	english	the language of henry iv, part 1 is a play of words. it is a play of	The language of Henry IV, Part 1 is
0	blue	the eye color of natasha alam is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Natasha Alam is
0	france	the country of citizenship of ernest beaux is unknown.

ernest beaux is	The country of citizenship of Ernest Beaux is
0	brown	the eye color of joely fisher is a mystery.

the 15-year-	The eye color of Joely Fisher is
1	english	the official language of south asian association for regional cooperation is english.

history

the south asian	The official language of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation is
0	christmas	the public holiday of united kingdom is celebrated on the first monday of october. the day	The public holiday of United Kingdom is
1	india	the country of citizenship of charan singh is india.

the country of citizenship of char	The country of citizenship of Charan Singh is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst werner von siemens is germany.

the country of citizenship of ernst	The country of citizenship of Ernst Werner von Siemens is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of pauline hanson is australia.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Pauline Hanson is
0	germany	the country of leipzig university is a city in the german state of saxony.	The country of Leipzig University is
0	spain	the original country of empanada is brazil, but it is now a popular food in	The original country of Empanada is
1	libya	tripoli is capital of libya, and the country’s second largest	Tripoli is capital of
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of kate del castillo is mexico.

kate del castillo is a	The country of citizenship of Kate del Castillo is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by ahmed hassan al-bakr is arabic, english, french, and german.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr is
0	china	the country of citizenship of emperor wu of liu song is unknown.

family
emperor wu's	The country of citizenship of Emperor Wu of Liu Song is
0	shah	the honorific prefix of mohammad reza pahlavi is "his majesty" (persian: �	The honorific prefix of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of louis daguerre is unknown.

biography

louis d	The country of citizenship of Louis Daguerre is
1	petra	the capital of nabataean kingdom is petra, which is located in jordan. the nab	The capital of Nabataean kingdom is
0	france	the country of sleeping hermaphrodite is a land of many wonders. the people of this	The country of Sleeping Hermaphrodite is
1	france	the country of citizenship of augustin-jean fresnel is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Augustin-Jean Fresnel is
1	french	the native language of alfred de vigny is french. he was born in the town of ch	The native language of Alfred de Vigny is
0	english	the language of if— is a language of the mind. it is a language	The language of If— is
0	english	the native language of patti d'arbanville is french. she was born in the united states,	The native language of Patti D'Arbanville is
0	english	the language of wwe raw is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of WWE Raw is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kim coates is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Kim Coates is
0	africa	the continent of mamluk sultanate is located in the middle east. it is bordered	The continent of Mamluk Sultanate is
0	russian	the native language of alexis of russia is greek. he was born in the city of the	The native language of Alexis of Russia is
1	persian	the language used in emirate of bukhara is a mixture of persian, arabic, and turkic	The language used in Emirate of Bukhara is
0	baseball	the sport played by a. j. ramos is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by A. J. Ramos is
1	android	the operating system of tiktok is based on android, and the app is available for	The operating system of TikTok is
0	bengali	the language used in jharkhand is a dialect of hindi. the dialect is spoken by	The language used in Jharkhand is
0	jazz	the genre of teena marie is a bit of a mystery. she was a singer	The genre of Teena Marie is
0	guitar	the instrument of hulk hogan is a microphone. he is a man who has been	The instrument of Hulk Hogan is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of aleksander kwaśniewski is poland.

the country of citizenship of ale	The country of citizenship of Aleksander Kwaśniewski is
0	sir	the honorific prefix of michael atiyah is "professor".

biography
michael at	The honorific prefix of Michael Atiyah is
1	russian	the native language of vladimir nabokov is russian, but he was born in st. petersburg	The native language of Vladimir Nabokov is
0	brandenburg	berlin shares a border with the netherlands, which is a member of the european	Berlin shares a border with
1	egypt	the country of western desert campaign is a vast area of desert in the north of egypt	The country of Western Desert campaign is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of phil hartman is the united states of america.

phil hart	The country of citizenship of Phil Hartman is
0	england	the original country of tennis is thought to have been in the middle east, where	The original country of tennis is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of asta nielsen is denmark. asta nielsen was born in denmark.	The country of citizenship of Asta Nielsen is
1	india	the country of nanded is located in the state of maharashtra, india. it	The country of Nanded is
0	opera	the genre of birgit nilsson is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Birgit Nilsson is
1	baseball	the sport played by evan longoria is baseball. the sport played by evan longoria is	The sport played by Evan Longoria is
1	english	the official language of nauru is english.

history

the island of	The official language of Nauru is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of emilio mola is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Emilio Mola is
1	buddhism	the religion of jigme singye wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. he is a buddhist monk and a	The religion of Jigme Singye Wangchuck is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of miguel de cervantes is spain.

the country of birth of miguel	The country of citizenship of Miguel de Cervantes is
0	cavalry	the military branch of semyon budyonny is the most famous and most decorated of all the soviet	The military branch of Semyon Budyonny is
0	square	the developer of final fantasy is back with a new game.

final fantasy	The developer of Final Fantasy is
0	blue	the eye color of carole landis is a mystery.

the former miss america contestant	The eye color of Carole Landis is
0	americana	the genre of bonnie raitt is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Bonnie Raitt is
0	piano	the instrument of wayne federman is a guitar, and the instrument of wayne federman	The instrument of Wayne Federman is
1	iran	the country of isfahan province is located in the center of iran. it is the	The country of Isfahan Province is
1	english	the language used in northern mariana islands is a mixture of english and spanish.

the	The language used in Northern Mariana Islands is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of peter parler is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Peter Parler is
1	indonesia	the basin country of java sea is a region of indonesia, which is located in the	The basin country of Java Sea is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of hergé is belgium.

the country of residence of her	The country of citizenship of Hergé is
1	sanskrit	the language of arthashastra is a mixture of sanskrit and prakrit. the	The language of Arthashastra is
0	stuart	the family name of charles i of england is spelled variously as charles, charlese, charles	The family name of Charles I of England is
0	malaysia	negeri sembilan is located in the state of negeri sembilan,	Negeri Sembilan is located in
1	russian	the native language of pyotr krasnov is russian. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Pyotr Krasnov is
1	french	the official language of nice is french.

history

nice was founded	The official language of Nice is
0	athletics	the sport played by gebrselassie haile is a sport of endurance. it is a sport of	The sport played by Gebrselassie Haile is
1	english	the official language of trinidad and tobago is english. the official religion is christianity.	The official language of Trinidad and Tobago is
0	kuwait	the country of citizenship of sabah iii al-salim al-sabah is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Sabah III Al-Salim Al-Sabah is
0	baseball	the sport played by jim fregosi is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Jim Fregosi is
1	english	the native language of chris brown is english, but he has been speaking in a mixture	The native language of Chris Brown is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of eiji toyoda is japan.

the country of citizenship of e	The country of citizenship of Eiji Toyoda is
1	flores	homo floresiensis named after the island of flores in indonesia where the species was	Homo floresiensis named after
1	english	the native language of garry shandling is english, but he has been speaking yiddish	The native language of Garry Shandling is
1	basketball	the sport played by jamaal magloire is basketball. the sport played by jamaal maglo	The sport played by Jamaal Magloire is
1	islam	the religion of saif bin sultan is islam. he is a sunni muslim.	The religion of Saif bin Sultan is
0	colonel	the military rank of guion bluford is unknown.

biography

early life	The military rank of Guion Bluford is
0	germany	the country of deutsche welle is a land of many languages. the german language is	The country of Deutsche Welle is
0	buddhism	the religion of alanis morissette is a mystery.

the singer, who has	The religion of Alanis Morissette is
1	brazil	the country of mato grosso is located in the center-west of brazil, in	The country of Mato Grosso is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of enrique gorriarán merlo is argentina.

the country of citizenship of enrique	The country of citizenship of Enrique Gorriarán Merlo is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of mary of teck is the united kingdom.

mary of teck	The country of citizenship of Mary of Teck is
0	japan	the country of tokyo national museum is a city of the world. it is the capital	The country of Tokyo National Museum is
1	english	the language used in montserrat is a creole of english and spanish.	The language used in Montserrat is
0	english	the language of new statesman is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of New Statesman is
0	999	the emergency phone number of bangladesh is 100.

the emergency phone number of bangladesh	The emergency phone number of Bangladesh is
1	korean	the native language of kim young-ha is korean. he was born in seoul, south korea	The native language of Kim Young-ha is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of ōshikōchi no mitsune is unknown.

the country of birth of �	The country of citizenship of Ōshikōchi no Mitsune is
0	chile	the country of giant magellan telescope is a fictional country in the video game civilization vi.	The country of Giant Magellan Telescope is
0	japan	the country of tokyo tower is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Tokyo Tower is
1	missouri	kansas city is located in the center of the state of missouri, and is	Kansas City is located in
0	alaska	brooks range is located in the northern territory of australia. it is a large	Brooks Range is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johannes brahms is germany.

johannes brahms	The country of citizenship of Johannes Brahms is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of robert carson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Robert Carson is
0	english	the language of general electric theater is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of General Electric Theater is
0	turkey	the country of topkapı palace is a place of great historical and cultural significance. it	The country of Topkapı Palace is
1	english	the native language of alan moore is english, but he has been writing comics in the	The native language of Alan Moore is
0	moscow	the residence of dmitry medvedev is a large, white, two-story house in	The residence of Dmitry Medvedev is
0	pitcher	the team position of bob walk is not known.

references

category:	The team position of Bob Walk is
0	england	the country of citizenship of andrew marvell is not known. he was born in 1621,	The country of citizenship of Andrew Marvell is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of françois englert is belgium.

the country of citizenship of peter	The country of citizenship of François Englert is
1	netherlands	north brabant is located in the south of the netherlands. it is the most	North Brabant is located in
0	asia	the continent of northern wei is a vast, mostly empty expanse of land,	The continent of Northern Wei is
0	sicilian	the language used in sicily is a dialect of the italian language, which is spoken	The language used in Sicily is
1	french	the official language of mali is french. the official language of burkina faso	The official language of Mali is
0	blue	the eye color of kate upton is a mystery.

the model, who has	The eye color of Kate Upton is
0	russia	the country of chelyabinsk is located in the ural mountains, in the south	The country of Chelyabinsk is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of raoul wallenberg is sweden.

the country of birth of ra	The country of citizenship of Raoul Wallenberg is
0	christian	the religion of john bunyan is a mystery. he was born in 1628,	The religion of John Bunyan is
0	guitar	the instrument of joy villa is a violin. the instrument of joy villa is a	The instrument of Joy Villa is
0	white	the streak color of muscovite is determined by the amount of iron in the crystal.	The streak color of muscovite is
0	brown	the eye color of vanessa del rio is a very important part of her character. she is	The eye color of Vanessa del Rio is
0	jazz	the genre of michael bublé is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Michael Bublé is
0	white	the official color of juventus fc is red. the club was founded in 1897 and is	The official color of Juventus FC is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of eduard bernstein is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Eduard Bernstein is
1	australia	the country of jervis bay territory is located in the south-eastern corner of australia	The country of Jervis Bay Territory is
1	france	the country of citizenship of ambroise paré is france.

the country of birth of ambro	The country of citizenship of Ambroise Paré is
0	assam	mizoram shares a border with myanmar and is a part of the indo-bur	Mizoram shares a border with
1	philippines	the country of sulu sea is a small island in the philippines. it is located	The country of Sulu Sea is
0	baseball	the sport played by ron santo is a game of inches.

the chicago cubs	The sport played by Ron Santo is
0	canada	the country of saint lawrence river is located in the north of the continent of north america	The country of Saint Lawrence River is
1	hungary	fejér county is located in the central transdanubia region of hungary.	Fejér County is located in
0	english	the native language of john f. kennedy is not known. he was born in brookline,	The native language of John F. Kennedy is
0	blue	the eye color of hunter king is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Hunter King is
1	volume	the measured physical quantity of pint is the volume of a pint of beer. the measured	The measured physical quantity of pint is
1	nigeria	borno state is located in the extreme north of nigeria, bordering the republic of	Borno State is located in
1	venice	the capital of veneto is the city of venice. it is the most important	The capital of Veneto is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of bettina von arnim is not known.

biography

b	The country of citizenship of Bettina von Arnim is
0	911	the emergency phone number of liberia is:

country code: +231	The emergency phone number of Liberia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of stefan raab is germany.

the country of citizenship of stefan	The country of citizenship of Stefan Raab is
0	poetry	the genre of innokenty annensky is a genre of russian literature, which is a genre	The genre of Innokenty Annensky is
1	euro	the currency of ireland is the euro. the official language is irish, but	The currency of Ireland is
1	english	the native language of lyndon b. johnson is not english. it is spanish.

the	The native language of Lyndon B. Johnson is
1	german	the official language of st. gallen is german. the local dialect is swiss german.	The official language of St. Gallen is
0	brown	the eye color of snooki is a mystery.

the jersey shore star has	The eye color of Snooki is
1	france	the country of citizenship of valéry giscard d'estaing is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing is
0	egypt	the country of cairo university is a place where the students are very active and they	The country of Cairo University is
0	guitar	the instrument of rajiv dhall is a unique one. it is a combination of a	The instrument of Rajiv Dhall is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by al-mu'izz li-din allah is arabic, persian, turkish, and arabic.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Al-Mu'izz li-Din Allah is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by prince philip, duke of edinburgh is english, french, and dutch.

prince	The languages spoken, written or signed by Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh is
1	bengali	the native language of kamal hossain is bengali. he is a graduate of the university	The native language of Kamal Hossain is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of raymond massey is canada.

the country of citizenship of raymond	The country of citizenship of Raymond Massey is
0	asia	the continent of goa is a popular tourist destination in india. it is a	The continent of Goa is
0	piano	the instrument of vladimir horowitz is a violin. the instrument of the great violinist	The instrument of Vladimir Horowitz is
0	islam	the religion of malik yoba is a mystery.

the former new york city	The religion of Malik Yoba is
1	azerbaijani	the official language of baku is azerbaijani, but the city is also home	The official language of Baku is
0	denmark	the country of aarhus is a small, but very beautiful, danish city.	The country of Aarhus is
1	japan	nagasaki prefecture is located in the center of japan, and is the largest pre	Nagasaki Prefecture is located in
0	english	the language of wuthering heights is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Wuthering Heights is
1	spanish	the native language of javier pérez de cuéllar is spanish, but he speaks english with a british accent	The native language of Javier Pérez de Cuéllar is
0	robbery	edward bunker convicted of murder

edward bunker, a former member of	Edward Bunker convicted of
1	german	the language of ellens dritter gesang is a mixture of german and english, and the language	The language of Ellens dritter Gesang is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre de coubertin is france.

the country of birth of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre de Coubertin is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of nikolai ivanovich lobachevsky is russia.

the country of citizenship of nikol	The country of citizenship of Nikolai Ivanovich Lobachevsky is
1	baseball	the sport played by danny tartabull is baseball. he is a left-handed hitter and	The sport played by Danny Tartabull is
1	qatar	doha is capital of qatar and the second largest city in the country.	Doha is capital of
0	islam	the religion of mansa musa is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Mansa Musa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles baudelaire is france.

the country of citizenship of charles	The country of citizenship of Charles Baudelaire is
0	english	the language of rocky is a beautiful thing. it’s a language	The language of Rocky is
0	abdullah	abu bakr given name

abu bakr (arabic: �	Abu Bakr given name
0	piano	the instrument of chick corea is a unique blend of jazz, rock, and classical	The instrument of Chick Corea is
1	india	the country of udaipur is located in the state of rajasthan in india	The country of Udaipur is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of odd nerdrum is norway.

odd nerdrum is a	The country of citizenship of Odd Nerdrum is
0	piano	the instrument of julia michaels is a guitar. she plays it with a certain kind	The instrument of Julia Michaels is
0	opera	the genre of franco corelli is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Franco Corelli is
0	english	the language of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy is a fictional language invented by douglas adams for the book	The language of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is
1	yiddish	the native language of sholem aleichem is yiddish, but he was born in the	The native language of Sholem Aleichem is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre louÿs is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Pierre Louÿs is
0	journalism	news broadcasting is facet of the media industry. it is a business that is	news broadcasting is facet of
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of valeriy lobanovskyi is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of val	The country of citizenship of Valeriy Lobanovskyi is
0	cumbria	northumberland shares a border with the scottish borders, and the two counties are often	Northumberland shares a border with
1	norway	the country of vøringfossen is located in the north of norway. it is a	The country of Vøringfossen is
0	english	the language of wichita lineman is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Wichita Lineman is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of barbara kent is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Barbara Kent is
0	indonesia	north kalimantan is located in the northern part of the island of borneo	North Kalimantan is located in
0	limestone	the material used in venus of willendorf is a type of volcanic glass called obsidian. it	The material used in Venus of Willendorf is
1	islam	the religion of ibn saud is islam. he is a sunni muslim. he is	The religion of Ibn Saud is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ai iijima is japan.

the country of citizenship of ai	The country of citizenship of Ai Iijima is
1	english	the native language of barbara perry is english. she was born in england and has lived	The native language of Barbara Perry is
1	france	the country of citizenship of catherine deneuve is france.

the country of citizenship of catherine	The country of citizenship of Catherine Deneuve is
0	afghanistan	the country of durand line is a land of many contradictions. it is a land	The country of Durand Line is
0	kazakhstan	the country of uyghur people is located in the northwest of china. it is a	The country of Uyghur people is
1	blue	the eye color of rebecca romijn is blue. she is a beautiful woman. she is	The eye color of Rebecca Romijn is
1	japan	the country for sport played by kosuke fukudome is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Kosuke Fukudome is
1	japan	the country of okayama is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Okayama is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of jacob grimm is not known.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Jacob Grimm is
1	english	the native language of james a. garfield is not english, but the language of his letters is	The native language of James A. Garfield is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of lauren holly is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lauren Holly is
0	france	the country of citizenship of michel de montaigne is not known. he was born in 1533 in	The country of citizenship of Michel de Montaigne is
0	judaism	the religion of jerry goldsmith is a mystery. he was born in new york city	The religion of Jerry Goldsmith is
0	french	the language used in canton of valais is the swiss german dialect.

history	The language used in canton of Valais is
1	june	july follows the same pattern as june, with the exception of	July follows
0	arabic	the official language of kurdistan region is kurdish. the kurdish language is spoken by the majority	The official language of Kurdistan Region is
0	112	the emergency phone number of benin is:

+229-22-22-	The emergency phone number of Benin is
1	french	the native language of françois hollande is french, but he has been speaking english for the	The native language of François Hollande is
1	india	the country of karnataka is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Karnataka is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of slobodan milošević is a matter of dispute. the serbian government claims that	The ethnic group of Slobodan Milošević is
0	antarctica	the continent of ross dependency is a large, mostly mountainous island in the north atlantic	The continent of Ross Dependency is
0	netherlands	the country of eredivisie is a footballing paradise. the dutch league is the	The country of Eredivisie is
0	asia	the continent of korea is a land of contrasts. it is a country of	The continent of Korea is
0	piano	the instrument of hans zimmer is a very powerful tool. it is a tool that	The instrument of Hans Zimmer is
0	c	doom programming language

doom programming language is a programming language	Doom programming language
1	argentina	the country of santiago del estero province is located in the center of argentina, in the northwest	The country of Santiago del Estero Province is
0	french	the language used in niger is a bambara dialect of the niger-cong	The language used in Niger is
1	lithuania	the country of klaipėda is located in the baltic sea, between lithuania and poland	The country of Klaipėda is
0	hinduism	the religion of mani madhava chakyar is the worship of the supreme being, the supreme soul	The religion of Mani Madhava Chakyar is
1	chinese	the native language of xi jinping is mandarin chinese. he is a native speaker of the	The native language of Xi Jinping is
1	scotland	islands of the clyde is located in the firth of clyde, scotland. it is	Islands of the Clyde is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of suryavarman ii is not known.

suryavarman	The religion of Suryavarman II is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of vaslav nijinsky is not known.

vaslav nij	The country of citizenship of Vaslav Nijinsky is
1	english	the language of the remains of the day is a kind of english that is not english. it	The language of The Remains of the Day is
0	tokyo	the headquarters location of yomiuri giants is in chiba, japan. the team is a	The headquarters location of Yomiuri Giants is
1	republic	the basic form of government of azerbaijan is a presidential republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Azerbaijan is
0	jordan	the country of amman is a small, but very interesting, country. it	The country of Amman is
0	piano	the instrument of krystal harris is a guitar. it is a guitar that is made	The instrument of Krystal Harris is
0	mexico	the country of tlaquepaque is a small town in the state of jalisco,	The country of Tlaquepaque is
1	ethiopia	tigray region is located in the northern part of ethiopia. it is bordered	Tigray Region is located in
0	oklahoma	cherokee is indigenous to the southeastern united states. it is a member of	Cherokee is indigenous to
1	comedy	the genre of jim carrey is comedy. he’s a comedian. he	The genre of Jim Carrey is
0	english	the language of guinness world records is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Guinness World Records is
0	baseball	the sport played by jimmy wynn is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Jimmy Wynn is
0	boeing	the manufacturer of f-22 raptor is lockheed martin. the f-22 raptor is	The manufacturer of F-22 Raptor is
0	english	the language of tess of the d'urbervilles is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Tess of the d'Urbervilles is
0	christianity	the religion of margaret i of denmark is not well known. she was the daughter of king	The religion of Margaret I of Denmark is
0	somalia	the country of battle of mogadishu is a country in the horn of africa. it is	The country of Battle of Mogadishu is
0	ukraine	the country of ukrainian cuisine is a land of many different cuisines. the	The country of Ukrainian cuisine is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of imran khan is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of imran	The country of citizenship of Imran Khan is
0	english	the language used in espn is not the language of the average american. it is	The language used in ESPN is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of andrei chikatilo is unknown.

the country of birth of andre	The country of citizenship of Andrei Chikatilo is
0	basketball	the sport played by joseph stilwell is a sport that is played by the people of the	The sport played by Joseph Stilwell is
1	israel	the country of hanukkah is israel. the country of christmas is the united states	The country of Hanukkah is
1	islam	the official religion of mughal empire is islam. the mughal empire was founded by	The official religion of Mughal Empire is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of tunde king is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tunde King is
0	english	the language of out of africa is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Out of Africa is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by george iv of the united kingdom is english, french, german, italian, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by George IV of the United Kingdom is
1	opera	the genre of gaetano donizetti is the opera buffa. the term opera buffa	The genre of Gaetano Donizetti is
1	tallinn	the capital of estonia is tallinn, a city of about 200,000	The capital of Estonia is
1	marble	the material used in taj mahal is a combination of marble and sandstone. the marble	The material used in Taj Mahal is
0	africa	the continent of namibia is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Namibia is
1	italy	the country of trento is located in the north of italy, in the province	The country of Trento is
1	indonesia	sunda clouded leopard endemic to the island of sumatra, indonesia. it is	Sunda clouded leopard endemic to
0	stone	the material used in pont de la concorde is a mixture of polyethylene and polypropylene	The material used in Pont de la Concorde is
0	english	the language used in university of toronto is not the same as the language used in the rest	The language used in University of Toronto is
0	jazz	the genre of monica is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Monica is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ricardo zamora is mexico.

the country of citizenship of ricardo	The country of citizenship of Ricardo Zamora is
1	death	the main subject of danse macabre is the death of the individual. the individual is the	The main subject of danse macabre is
1	armenia	the country of citizenship of roman mitichyan is armenia.

roman mitichyan was born	The country of citizenship of Roman Mitichyan is
0	brown	the eye color of nicole richie is a mystery.

the reality star, who	The eye color of Nicole Richie is
1	dresden	the capital of saxony is dresden. it is the second largest city in germany	The capital of Saxony is
0	english	the native language of kim philby is russian. he was born in moscow in 1903,	The native language of Kim Philby is
0	blue	the eye color of marion cotillard is a mystery.

the french actress, who	The eye color of Marion Cotillard is
1	guitar	the instrument of stephin merritt is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Stephin Merritt is
0	duke	the noble title of louis xii of france is one of the most famous in the world. the	The noble title of Louis XII of France is
1	latvia	the country of citizenship of kristaps porziņģis is latvia.

international career
porzi	The country of citizenship of Kristaps Porziņģis is
0	piano	the instrument of don ho is a guitar, and the instrument of don ho is	The instrument of Don Ho is
0	polish	the language used in lviv oblast is a dialect of ukrainian.

history	The language used in Lviv Oblast is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of brian markinson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Brian Markinson is
1	france	the country of citizenship of camille jordan is france.

the country of citizenship of cam	The country of citizenship of Camille Jordan is
0	berlin	the residence of gustav stresemann is a museum today.

the german foreign minister	The residence of Gustav Stresemann is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ayumi hamasaki is japan.

ayumi hamasaki is a	The country of citizenship of Ayumi Hamasaki is
0	iran	the country of citizenship of aliquli jabbadar is afghanistan.

the country of citizenship of ali	The country of citizenship of Aliquli Jabbadar is
1	iran	sistan and baluchestan province is located in the south-east of iran. it is b	Sistan and Baluchestan Province is located in
1	baseball	the sport played by ubaldo jiménez is baseball. the sport played by the yankees’	The sport played by Ubaldo Jiménez is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of trần thánh tông is vietnam.

references

category:v	The country of citizenship of Trần Thánh Tông is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kathleen howard is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Kathleen Howard is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of yana churikova is russia.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yana Churikova is
1	turkish	the official language of turkey is turkish. the official religion of turkey is islam.	The official language of Turkey is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sakichi toyoda is japan.

the country of citizenship of sak	The country of citizenship of Sakichi Toyoda is
0	belarus	the country of citizenship of aleksandr medved is russia.

the country of citizenship of ale	The country of citizenship of Aleksandr Medved is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of francisco de miranda is disputed.

the country of citizenship of francisco	The country of citizenship of Francisco de Miranda is
0	flute	the instrument of lizzo is a kind of musical alchemy, a fusion of	The instrument of Lizzo is
1	india	the original country of amar ujala is india. the name amar ujala is derived	The original country of Amar Ujala is
1	pitcher	the team position of bob lemon is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Bob Lemon is
1	swedish	the native language of carl linnaeus is swedish. he was born in the town of kal	The native language of Carl Linnaeus is
0	islam	the religion of alija sirotanović is a mystery.

the bosnian serb	The religion of Alija Sirotanović is
1	cambodia	the country of citizenship of chau sen cocsal chhum is cambodia. chau sen cocsal chhum is a	The country of citizenship of Chau Sen Cocsal Chhum is
0	brown	the eye color of pam grier is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The eye color of Pam Grier is
1	nickelodeon	the original broadcaster of the fairly oddparents is nickelodeon. the show was created by but	The original broadcaster of The Fairly OddParents is
0	catholicism	the religion of juan manuel de rosas is a mystery.

the argentine dictator, who	The religion of Juan Manuel De Rosas is
0	italy	the country of larderello is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Larderello is
0	france	l'origine du monde owned by the french company, gaumont, is a	L'Origine du monde owned by
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of diogo cão is angola.

the country of citizenship of di	The country of citizenship of Diogo Cão is
0	catholicism	the religion of jorge rafael videla is a mystery.

the former military dictator,	The religion of Jorge Rafael Videla is
1	hungary	the country of csongrád county is located in the north-eastern part of hungary	The country of Csongrád County is
1	islam	the religion of saud of saudi arabia is islam. the religion of the people of saudi arabia	The religion of Saud of Saudi Arabia is
1	africa	the continent of kingdom of kongo is located in the central part of africa. it is	The continent of Kingdom of Kongo is
1	german	the official language of kingdom of prussia is german.

history

the kingdom of	The official language of Kingdom of Prussia is
1	antique	the main subject of antiques roadshow is the appraisal of antiques and collectibles. the	The main subject of Antiques Roadshow is
1	japan	the country for sport played by rikidōzan is japan.

rikidōzan is	The country for sport played by Rikidōzan is
0	112	the emergency phone number of guadeloupe is:

+590-2-98-	The emergency phone number of Guadeloupe is
1	japan	the country of honshu is the largest island of japan. it is located in	The country of Honshu is
0	switzerland	the country of international ice hockey federation is the home of the world’s best hockey	The country of International Ice Hockey Federation is
0	count	the noble title of louis ix of france is the most famous of all french monarchs. he	The noble title of Louis IX of France is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of chris kaman is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Chris Kaman is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of cornelio saavedra: is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Cornelio Saavedra: is
0	admiral	the military rank of jacques cartier is unknown. he was a member of the french navy	The military rank of Jacques Cartier is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of konosuke matsushita is japan.

the country of citizenship of kon	The country of citizenship of Konosuke Matsushita is
1	denmark	the country of aalborg is located in the north of denmark. it is the	The country of Aalborg is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ogata kenzan is japan.

the country of citizenship of og	The country of citizenship of Ogata Kenzan is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of sergei bondarchuk is russia.

the country of citizenship of sergei	The country of citizenship of Sergei Bondarchuk is
1	a	the blood type of james earl jones is ab.

the blood type of james earl	The blood type of James Earl Jones is
0	indonesia	the country of sunda kingdom is located in the southeast asia. it is a small	The country of Sunda Kingdom is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hugo schmeisser is germany.

the country of citizenship of hugo	The country of citizenship of Hugo Schmeisser is
1	manitoba	winnipeg is capital of manitoba, canada, and the largest city in the	Winnipeg is capital of
1	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of daniel ortega is nicaragua.

daniel ortega was born	The country of citizenship of Daniel Ortega is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre michaux is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre Michaux is
0	english	the language of a tale of two cities is a bit of a mess. dickens was a master	The language of A Tale of Two Cities is
0	philippines	the country of philippine revolution is a country of many islands, and the capital of	The country of Philippine Revolution is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre cardin is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre Cardin is
1	hungary	the country of baranya county is located in the north-western part of hungary.	The country of Baranya County is
1	french	the language of candide is a mixture of french and latin, and the book	The language of Candide is
0	guitar	the instrument of lalaine vergara-paras is a small, black box with a red button.	The instrument of Lalaine Vergara-Paras is
1	japan	the original country of dragon quest is japan. the first game was released in 1986,	The original country of Dragon Quest is
1	japanese	the native language of hideki tōjō is japanese.

biography

hideki	The native language of Hideki Tōjō is
0	japanese	the language of sankei shimbun is a bit different from the english language.	The language of Sankei Shimbun is
1	dutch	the native language of michiel de ruyter is dutch. he was born in the netherlands in 15	The native language of Michiel de Ruyter is
0	piano	the instrument of emil gilels is a violin of the highest order. it is a	The instrument of Emil Gilels is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of ellyse perry is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Ellyse Perry is
0	french	the native language of gérard de villiers is afrikaans. he was born in the town	The native language of Gérard de Villiers is
0	blues	the genre of allman brothers band is a bit of a mystery. the band has been	The genre of Allman Brothers Band is
1	finnish	the languages spoken, written or signed by matti nykänen is finnish, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Matti Nykänen is
0	soprano	the voice type of nana mouskouri is a very special one. it is a voice that	The voice type of Nana Mouskouri is
1	norway	the country of citizenship of bjørn dæhlie is norway.

the country of citizenship of bj	The country of citizenship of Bjørn Dæhlie is
0	barbados	the country of bridgetown is a small island in the caribbean sea. it is	The country of Bridgetown is
0	english	the language of strange case of dr jekyll and mr hyde is a little bit different from the language of the other	The language of Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is
0	latin	louis ix of france writing languages

louis ix of france was a prolific writer	Louis IX of France writing languages
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of józsef katona is hungary.

józsef kat	The country of citizenship of József Katona is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of fela anikulapo kuti is nigeria.

fela anikulapo	The country of citizenship of Fela Anikulapo Kuti is
1	dubai	burj khalifa is located in the burj khalifa district of dubai, united	Burj Khalifa is located in
1	english	the native language of vera lynn is english, but she was born in germany and raised	The native language of Vera Lynn is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of alexis smith is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Alexis Smith is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges bernanos is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Georges Bernanos is
0	buddhism	the religion of uesugi kenshin is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Uesugi Kenshin is
0	prince	the noble title of george i of greece is the most famous of all greek royal titles. it	The noble title of George I of Greece is
0	congo	brazzaville is located in or next to body of water.

the city is located in the south	Brazzaville is located in or next to body of water
0	soprano	the voice type of krystal meyers is a female. the age of krystal meyers	The voice type of Krystal Meyers is
1	greek	the native language of nikos kazantzakis is greek. he was born in the village of k	The native language of Nikos Kazantzakis is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of michael ondaatje is canada.

the country of citizenship of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael Ondaatje is
0	catholicism	the religion of gerardo machado is a mystery.

the former president of cuba	The religion of Gerardo Machado is
1	japanese	the native language of masaoka shiki is japanese. he was born in tokyo, japan,	The native language of Masaoka Shiki is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre-joseph cambon is france.

the country of citizenship of pierre	The country of citizenship of Pierre-Joseph Cambon is
1	bordeaux	the capital of aquitaine is bordeaux, a city of wine, food	The capital of Aquitaine is
1	france	the country of citizenship of frédéric auguste bartholdi is france.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi is
0	english	the language of the war of the worlds is a language of the future. it is a language	The language of The War of the Worlds is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of rasul gamzatov is russia.

the country of citizenship of ras	The country of citizenship of Rasul Gamzatov is
1	italian	the native language of maría gitana agnesi is italian. she was born in the city of milan	The native language of María Gitana Agnesi is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by baldassarre castiglione is italian, french, latin, and english.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Baldassarre Castiglione is
0	basketball	the sport played by arnie risen is a sport of the future. it is played on	The sport played by Arnie Risen is
1	france	the country of bayeux tapestry is france.

the country of bayeux	The country of Bayeux Tapestry is
0	hinduism	the religion of meera is a religion of love. it is a religion of	The religion of Meera is
0	cardboard	the material used in paper cup is usually made of wood pulp, which is a kind	The material used in paper cup is
0	thomas	tom wills given name

tom wills is a given name.	Tom Wills given name
0	apple	the record label of the beatles is the most successful record label in the history of the	The record label of The Beatles is
1	paris	the headquarters location of école normale supérieure is in the heart of paris, in the latin quarter	The headquarters location of École normale supérieure is
0	russia	the country of transmashholding is a land of great beauty and natural resources. it	The country of Transmashholding is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of seiichi morimura is japan.

the country of citizenship of se	The country of citizenship of Seiichi Morimura is
0	india	the country of sikkim is located in the himalayas, and is the	The country of Sikkim is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by reza shah is persian, pashto, arabic, and english	The languages spoken, written or signed by Reza Shah is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of hossein rezazadeh is iran.

the country of citizenship of hos	The country of citizenship of Hossein Rezazadeh is
0	africa	the continent of sudan is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Sudan is
1	basalt	the material used in mauna loa is a volcanic rock called basalt. it is a	The material used in Mauna Loa is
1	french	the native language of théodore de banville is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Théodore de Banville is
0	asia	the continent of honshu is the largest island of japan. it is located in	The continent of Honshu is
1	brazil	the country of campinas is located in the state of são paulo, brazil	The country of Campinas is
1	india	the country of citizenship of aishwarya rai is india.

aishwarya rai is	The country of citizenship of Aishwarya Rai is
1	japan	the country of hokkaidō is located in the northernmost part of japan. it	The country of Hokkaidō is
0	hinduism	the religion of r. k. narayan is a mystery. he is a hindu, but he	The religion of R. K. Narayan is
1	portuguese	the official language of guinea-bissau is portuguese.

currency: guinea-b	The official language of Guinea-Bissau is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuditta pasta is italy.

the country of citizenship of gi	The country of citizenship of Giuditta Pasta is
0	france	the country of besançon is located in the franche-comté region	The country of Besançon is
1	pitcher	the team position of warren spahn is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Warren Spahn is
0	baseball	the sport played by vince dimaggio is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Vince DiMaggio is
1	english	the native language of kenny rogers is english, but he has been singing in spanish since	The native language of Kenny Rogers is
1	india	the country of nellore is located in the state of andhra pradesh in india	The country of Nellore is
0	alberta	canadian rockies is located in the heart of the canadian rockies, a unesco world	Canadian Rockies is located in
1	mexico	the country of baja california is located in the southwestern part of mexico. it is	The country of Baja California is
0	latin	the language used in polish–lithuanian commonwealth is a mixture of polish and lithuanian. the polish	The language used in Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth is
1	cameroon	the country of yaoundé is the capital of cameroon, a country in central africa	The country of Yaoundé is
0	gabon	libreville is capital of the french department of charente-maritime	Libreville is capital of
0	beijing	the residence of zhao ziyang is a small, two-story house in the village	The residence of Zhao Ziyang is
1	english	the native language of iain banks is english, but he has also written in french,	The native language of Iain Banks is
0	piano	the instrument of billy preston is a classic. it’s a fender	The instrument of Billy Preston is
1	112	the emergency phone number of romania is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Romania is
1	greek	the native language of manos hatzidakis is greek. he was born in athens, greece,	The native language of Manos Hatzidakis is
0	white	the streak color of feldspar is determined by the amount of iron in the mineral.	The streak color of feldspar is
1	japan	the country of kumamoto is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Kumamoto is
0	russia	the basin country of east siberian sea is a unique ecosystem, which is characterized by the presence	The basin country of East Siberian Sea is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of william wyler is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of William Wyler is
1	belgium	the country of bruges is a small, but very interesting, country in belgium	The country of Bruges is
1	islam	the religion of hussein of jordan is islam.

hussein was born in	The religion of Hussein of Jordan is
0	antarctica	the continent of south georgia and the south sandwich islands is a remote and isolated region of the southern atlantic ocean	The continent of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands is
0	canada	the country of toronto is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Toronto is
1	euro	the currency of slovenia is the euro. the official language is slovene,	The currency of Slovenia is
0	catalan	the official language of elche is spanish.

history

the city of	The official language of Elche is
1	nigeria	the country of gombe state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria.	The country of Gombe State is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri de toulouse-lautrec is unknown. he was born in paris, france,	The country of citizenship of Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec is
1	o	the blood type of yuri komuro is a.

the blood type of yuri kom	The blood type of Yuri Komuro is
0	pitcher	the team position of randy jones is not the only one that has been in flux.	The team position of Randy Jones is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of willem schouten is the netherlands.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Willem Schouten is
1	english	the native language of stephanie is english. she is a native speaker of american english	The native language of Stephanie is
1	french	the language of mémoires d'outre-tombe is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of Mémoires d'Outre-Tombe is
0	baseball	the sport played by jeff cirillo is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Jeff Cirillo is
0	spain	spanish empire replaced by the united states of america

the spanish empire	Spanish Empire replaced by
0	catholicism	the religion of juan manuel santos is a mystery.

the president of colombia,	The religion of Juan Manuel Santos is
0	baseball	the sport played by alexander cartwright is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Alexander Cartwright is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail khodorkovsky is russia.

mikhail khodorkovsky	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Khodorkovsky is
0	brown	the eye color of gloria leonard is a mystery.

the woman, who is	The eye color of Gloria Leonard is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john howard is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of John Howard is
1	english	the native language of jensen ackles is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Jensen Ackles is
0	brazil	the country of curitiba is located in the state of paraná, in the	The country of Curitiba is
1	french	the native language of alexandre yersin is french. he was born in paris on april 20	The native language of Alexandre Yersin is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of paolo borsellino is italy.

the country of citizenship of pa	The country of citizenship of Paolo Borsellino is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hubert beuve-méry is france.

hubert beuve-m	The country of citizenship of Hubert Beuve-Méry is
0	italy	the country of holy see is a sovereign state in the world. it is a	The country of Holy See is
1	baku	the capital of azerbaijan is baku. it is located on the casp	The capital of Azerbaijan is
1	basketball	the sport played by jerry west is basketball. he is a basketball player. he is	The sport played by Jerry West is
0	brown	the eye color of alex meneses is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Alex Meneses is
0	japan	the country for sport played by shizuka arakawa is the country of the united states.

the	The country for sport played by Shizuka Arakawa is
0	baseball	the sport played by marvin miller is a sport of the mind. it is a sport	The sport played by Marvin Miller is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of leonid kravchuk is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of leon	The country of citizenship of Leonid Kravchuk is
1	english	the native language of jim lovell is english, but he speaks it with a heavy italian	The native language of Jim Lovell is
0	buddhism	the religion of john cage is a religion of silence. it is a religion of	The religion of John Cage is
1	ukraine	the country of kiev metro is a city in ukraine. it is the capital of	The country of Kiev Metro is
0	russia	karachay-cherkess republic is located in the north caucasus, in the southern part of the	Karachay-Cherkess Republic is located in
1	japan	the country of citizenship of miyuki sawashiro is japan.

the country of citizenship of miy	The country of citizenship of Miyuki Sawashiro is
0	green	the eye color of kristin chenoweth is blue.

the eye color of kristin	The eye color of Kristin Chenoweth is
1	cricket	the sport played by tillakaratne dilshan is cricket. he is a batsman, a bow	The sport played by Tillakaratne Dilshan is
1	japanese	the official language of empire of japan is japanese.

history

the empire of	The official language of Empire of Japan is
0	japan	the country of meiji restoration is a country in the world of the real world.	The country of Meiji Restoration is
1	english	the official language of palau is english.

history

the first recorded	The official language of Palau is
0	athletics	the sport played by running is a sport of endurance. the sport of running is	The sport played by running is
1	hungary	komárom-esztergom county is located in the north-east of hungary, in the region	Komárom-Esztergom County is located in
0	soprano	the voice type of alexandra silber is a very important factor in her career. she is	The voice type of Alexandra Silber is
1	islam	the religion of tajuddin ahmad is islam. he is a muslim.

t	The religion of Tajuddin Ahmad is
0	africa	the continent of great rift valley is home to a number of unique and fascinating animals.	The continent of Great Rift Valley is
1	doctorate	the academic degree of harald zur hausen is a doctorate in medicine.

references	The academic degree of Harald zur Hausen is
0	israel	cyprus shares a border with turkey, and the turkish cypriot community is	Cyprus shares a border with
0	canada	the country of hudson bay is a vast, frozen wilderness, home to polar bears	The country of Hudson Bay is
0	france	the country of treaty of sèvres is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The country of Treaty of Sèvres is
0	asia	the continent of manchuria is a vast, sparsely populated region of the world	The continent of Manchuria is
0	japanese	the language of kyodo news is a bit different from the rest of the site.	The language of Kyodo News is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri poincaré is france.

the country of birth of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri Poincaré is
0	brazil	the country of são paulo museum of art is a museum of art located in the city of s	The country of São Paulo Museum of Art is
1	czech	the language used in charles university is czech.

the czech language is a slav	The language used in Charles University is
1	colonel	the military rank of muammar gaddafi is colonel general.

early life
muam	The military rank of Muammar Gaddafi is
1	burmese	the language used in taungoo dynasty is a mixture of burmese and mon. the	The language used in Taungoo Dynasty is
0	egypt	the country of luxor temple is located in the south of the nile river in the	The country of Luxor Temple is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of miyoshi umeki is japan.

the country of citizenship of miy	The country of citizenship of Miyoshi Umeki is
0	karate	the sport played by chōjun miyagi is a traditional japanese sport called ikkyō.	The sport played by Chōjun Miyagi is
1	republic	the basic form of government of guinea is a presidential republic. the president is elected by popular	The basic form of government of Guinea is
1	german	the language of der ring des nibelungen is a germanic language, and the story is set	The language of Der Ring des Nibelungen is
1	ethiopia	addis ababa is capital of ethiopia and the largest city in the country. it	Addis Ababa is capital of
0	duke	the noble title of richard iii of england is one of the most famous in history. the story	The noble title of Richard III of England is
0	germany	the original country of grimms' fairy tales is unknown. the grimms' fairy tales were first	The original country of Grimms' Fairy Tales is
0	english	the language of the bridges of madison county is a beautiful, poetic, and moving story of love	The language of The Bridges of Madison County is
1	italy	the country of catania is located in the south of italy, in the region	The country of Catania is
0	bihar	bhojpuri is indigenous to the indian subcontinent. it is spoken by	Bhojpuri is indigenous to
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingmar bergman is sweden.

the country of citizenship of ing	The country of citizenship of Ingmar Bergman is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rajiv gandhi is india.

the country of citizenship of raj	The country of citizenship of Rajiv Gandhi is
0	basketball	the sport played by randy smith is a sport that is played by many people. it	The sport played by Randy Smith is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of philipp lenard is not known.

biography

philipp	The academic degree of Philipp Lenard is
0	guangdong	shenzhen is located in the south of china, and is the largest city	Shenzhen is located in
1	australia	the country for sport played by tim cahill is australia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Tim Cahill is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of william george beers is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of William George Beers is
1	finland	the country of citizenship of matti nykänen is finland.

the country of birth of matt	The country of citizenship of Matti Nykänen is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of ilia kulik is russia.

the country of citizenship of il	The country of citizenship of Ilia Kulik is
1	austria	the country of klagenfurt am wörthersee is a small city in austria, located in the south	The country of Klagenfurt am Wörthersee is
1	tennis	the sport played by pete sampras is tennis. the sport played by roger federer is	The sport played by Pete Sampras is
0	catholicism	the religion of bernardo o'higgins is a matter of controversy. the chilean historian and politician	The religion of Bernardo O'Higgins is
0	switzerland	the country of international red cross and red crescent movement is a member of the united nations. the country is	The country of International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement is
1	dutch	the language used in netherlands is a mixture of dutch and english. the dutch language	The language used in Netherlands is
0	france	the country of french open is the most prestigious tennis tournament in the world. it	The country of French Open is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of akhmad kadyrov is russia.

the country of citizenship of ak	The country of citizenship of Akhmad Kadyrov is
1	nicaragua	managua is capital of nicaragua, and the country’s largest city	Managua is capital of
0	france	the country of citizenship of tao porchon-lynch is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Tao Porchon-Lynch is
0	washington	columbia plateau is located in the southeastern united states, and is the largest physi	Columbia Plateau is located in
0	spain	kingdom of aragon replaced by the crown of aragon

the kingdom of	Kingdom of Aragon replaced by
0	egypt	the country of kafr el-sheikh governorate is located in the northern part of the nile delta,	The country of Kafr el-Sheikh Governorate is
0	brown	the eye color of vida guerra is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Vida Guerra is
0	black	the eye color of kym whitley is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Kym Whitley is
0	russia	the country of kronotsky nature reserve is located in the south-eastern part of the	The country of Kronotsky Nature Reserve is
0	mexico	the country of museo nacional de arte is a small, but very interesting, country in the	The country of Museo Nacional de Arte is
0	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of akhtar mansour is not known.

references

category:	The country of citizenship of Akhtar Mansour is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of carl larsson is sweden.

the country of citizenship of carl	The country of citizenship of Carl Larsson is
0	france	the country of citizenship of benoit mandelbrot is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Benoit Mandelbrot is
0	spain	the country of autonomous university of madrid is a place where the students are very active and they	The country of Autonomous University of Madrid is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of carlos ruiz zafón is spain.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Ruiz Zafón is
1	russia	the country of nenets nature reserve is located in the north of the european part of russia	The country of Nenets Nature Reserve is
1	prague	the capital of bohemia is prague, which is the largest city in the czech	The capital of Bohemia is
1	english	the native language of diana gabaldon is spanish, but she has been writing in english for	The native language of Diana Gabaldon is
1	chinese	the official language of ming dynasty is chinese, but the language of the people is man	The official language of Ming dynasty is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of ricardo zamora is not yet known.

references

external	The team position of Ricardo Zamora is
0	comedy	the genre of p. g. wodehouse is a difficult one to define. he is a writer	The genre of P. G. Wodehouse is
0	english	the language of the golden bough is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of The Golden Bough is
1	bengali	the native language of rabindranath tagore is bengali. he was born in calcutta	The native language of Rabindranath Tagore is
1	steel	the material used in el ferdan railway bridge is a high-strength steel, which is a kind	The material used in El Ferdan Railway Bridge is
0	spanish	the official language of guantánamo is english. the only other languages spoken are arabic and	The official language of Guantánamo is
0	september	the month of the year of venice film festival is always a special one. it is the time when	The month of the year of Venice Film Festival is
1	latvia	the country for sport played by māris štrombergs is latvia.

career

club	The country for sport played by Māris Štrombergs is
0	triangle	quadrilateral follows the same pattern as the quadrilateral in figure	quadrilateral follows
0	germany	the country of rhine-main-danube canal is a country in europe. it is located in the	The country of Rhine-Main-Danube Canal is
0	english	the language of twinkle, twinkle, little star is a song that has been sung by children for centuries	The language of Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of pedro almodóvar is spain.

pedro almodóvar	The country of citizenship of Pedro Almodóvar is
1	german	the native language of erich mielke is german. he was born in the city of st	The native language of Erich Mielke is
1	baseball	the sport played by carl crawford is baseball. the sport played by carl crawford is not	The sport played by Carl Crawford is
1	catalonia	barcelona is capital of catalonia, a region of spain with a population of	Barcelona is capital of
1	japan	the country of citizenship of megumi hayashibara is japan.

the country of citizenship of meg	The country of citizenship of Megumi Hayashibara is
1	dutch	the native language of johan van oldenbarnevelt is dutch. he was born in the netherlands in 15	The native language of Johan van Oldenbarnevelt is
0	catholicism	the religion of juan josé flores is a mystery.

the former priest, who	The religion of Juan José Flores is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré jullien is france.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of André Jullien is
1	france	the original country of choux pastry is france, where it is called pâte à	The original country of choux pastry is
1	english	the native language of the miz is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of The Miz is
0	italy	the country of juventus fc is a small, but very beautiful and rich country in	The country of Juventus FC is
1	english	the language of united states bill of rights is the english language.

the language of united	The language of United States Bill of Rights is
0	canvas	the material used in black paintings is a mixture of acrylic paint and oil paint. the	The material used in Black Paintings is
0	italy	the country of naples is a beautiful place to visit. it is a city	The country of Naples is
1	diver	underwater diving practiced by the divers.

the divers were able to	underwater diving practiced by
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of bertrand piccard is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of and	The country of citizenship of Bertrand Piccard is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of jigoro kano is japan.

jigoro kano was	The country of citizenship of Jigoro Kano is
1	basketball	the sport played by vlade divac is basketball. the sport played by vlade div	The sport played by Vlade Divac is
1	damascus	the capital of syria is damascus. it is the largest city in syria and	The capital of Syria is
1	jazz	the genre of elvin jones is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Elvin Jones is
1	murder	sam sheppard convicted of murder in 1957

sam sheppard was convicted	Sam Sheppard convicted of
1	guitar	the instrument of wes montgomery is a guitar. it is a guitar that is a	The instrument of Wes Montgomery is
1	english	the official language of malawi is english.

the official currency is malawi	The official language of Malawi is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john tebbutt is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of John Tebbutt is
1	russia	the country of rostov-on-don is located in the south of russia, in the south	The country of Rostov-on-Don is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of bibi besch is israel.

the country of citizenship of b	The country of citizenship of Bibi Besch is
0	english	the language of the climax is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Climax is
1	japanese	the native language of rumiko takahashi is japanese, and she has been writing in japanese since	The native language of Rumiko Takahashi is
1	nigeria	the country of benue state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Benue State is
1	italian	the official language of trento is italian.

history

the city of	The official language of Trento is
1	nbc	the original broadcaster of saturday night live is returning to the show.

nbc announced on	The original broadcaster of Saturday Night Live is
0	laos	vientiane is capital of the lao people’s democratic republic (	Vientiane is capital of
1	baseball	the sport played by roberto clemente is baseball. the sport played by roberto clemente is	The sport played by Roberto Clemente is
0	buddhism	the religion of emperor wen of sui is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Emperor Wen of Sui is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hans holbein is unknown. he was born in germany, but his	The country of citizenship of Hans Holbein is
0	brown	the eye color of willa ford is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Willa Ford is
1	czech	the native language of karel čapek is czech. he was born in prague, czech republic	The native language of Karel Čapek is
1	ireland	the country of county kerry is located in the southwest of ireland. it is b	The country of County Kerry is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gustave flaubert is france.

the country of citizenship of gust	The country of citizenship of Gustave Flaubert is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of clive james is australia.

the country of citizenship of clive	The country of citizenship of Clive James is
1	malta	maltese named after the island of malta, a small mediterranean island in	Maltese named after
1	france	the country of citizenship of madeleine vionnet is france.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Madeleine Vionnet is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of jerry zaks is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jerry Zaks is
1	russia	the country of vologda is located in the north of russia, in the european	The country of Vologda is
0	fife	the historic county of university of st andrews is situated in the north-east of scotland, on	The historic county of University of St Andrews is
1	japan	the country of yamanashi prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Yamanashi Prefecture is
1	poland	the country of west pomeranian voivodeship is located in the north-western part of poland.	The country of West Pomeranian Voivodeship is
1	english	the language used in province of north carolina is the english language.

the province of north	The language used in Province of North Carolina is
0	skopje	the capital of first bulgarian empire is the city of veliko tarnovo. it	The capital of First Bulgarian Empire is
0	denmark	the country of citizenship of bodil kjer is not known.

career
kjer	The country of citizenship of Bodil Kjer is
0	africa	the continent of somalia is a land of extremes. it is a place where	The continent of Somalia is
0	doctor	the academic degree of dmitri mendeleev is not known.

dmitri mendele	The academic degree of Dmitri Mendeleev is
0	english	the language of the mousetrap is a simple one, and the play is a simple	The language of The Mousetrap is
0	islam	the religion of al-mustansir is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of Al-Mustansir is
1	russia	the country of orenburg is located in the south of russia, in the middle	The country of Orenburg is
0	egypt	gharbia governorate is located in the north-eastern part of the country.	Gharbia Governorate is located in
1	philippines	the country of davao region is located in the southern part of the philippines. it	The country of Davao Region is
0	ghana	the basin country of lake volta is a land of contrasts. the region is home to	The basin country of Lake Volta is
1	uzbekistan	the country of tashkent is located in the central part of uzbekistan. it	The country of Tashkent is
1	arabic	the native language of omar sharif is arabic. he was born in cairo, egypt,	The native language of Omar Sharif is
0	hamburg	the headquarters location of die zeit is in berlin, germany.

history
die	The headquarters location of Die Zeit is
1	chinese	the language of yongle encyclopedia is a mixture of chinese and manchu. the man	The language of Yongle Encyclopedia is
0	istanbul	constantinople is located in the heart of the balkan peninsula, in the	Constantinople is located in
0	france	the country of eiffel tower is a country in the world. it is a country	The country of Eiffel Tower is
0	canada	the country of lake ontario is a land of lakes, and the largest of these	The country of Lake Ontario is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois-rené de chateaubriand is france.

the country of birth of françois	The country of citizenship of François-René de Chateaubriand is
0	german	the language of frankfurter allgemeine zeitung is a bit more polite than that of the frankfur	The language of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung is
0	malaysia	the country of malay peninsula is located in southeast asia. it is bordered by	The country of Malay Peninsula is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of francesco pannofino is italy.

the country of citizenship of frances	The country of citizenship of Francesco Pannofino is
0	italy	the country of siena is a small, but beautiful, italian city in t	The country of Siena is
0	blue	the eye color of boyd holbrook is a mystery.

the actor, who plays	The eye color of Boyd Holbrook is
0	islam	the religion of mohamed elbaradei is a mystery.

the egyptian-born nobel	The religion of Mohamed ElBaradei is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giulio andreotti is italy.

the country of citizenship of frances	The country of citizenship of Giulio Andreotti is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of jabir ibn hayyan is not known.

biography

j	The ethnic group of Jabir ibn Hayyan is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of steve yzerman is the united states of america.

steve y	The country of citizenship of Steve Yzerman is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of eleftherios venizelos is greece.

the country of citizenship of ele	The country of citizenship of Eleftherios Venizelos is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by joaquín "el chapo" guzmán loera is a mixture of spanish, náhuatl,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán Loera is
0	english	the language of the young and the restless is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Young and the Restless is
1	english	the native language of alexander h. stephens is not english, but he was a very good english	The native language of Alexander H. Stephens is
0	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of ahmad zahir is pakistan.

the country of citizenship of ahmad	The country of citizenship of Ahmad Zahir is
1	hawaii	mauna kea is located in the hawaiian islands, and is the tallest mountain in	Mauna Kea is located in
0	philippines	the country of tagalog is a beautiful place to visit. it is a country	The country of Tagalog is
0	toronto	the headquarters location of hudson's bay company is in the city of winnipeg, manitoba, canada.	The headquarters location of Hudson's Bay Company is
0	captain	the military rank of james p. connolly is unknown. he was a member of the 1st	The military rank of James P. Connolly is
1	buddhism	the religion of chaleo yoovidhya is a form of buddhism that is practiced in thailand.	The religion of Chaleo Yoovidhya is
0	london	the headquarters location of world athletics is in the olympic stadium in the olympic park in east	The headquarters location of World Athletics is
0	jazz	the genre of aretha franklin is a bit of a mystery. she’s	The genre of Aretha Franklin is
1	guitar	the instrument of joe satriani is a guitar. it is a guitar that is capable	The instrument of Joe Satriani is
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of croatia is located in the eastern part of the balkan peninsula	The continent of Kingdom of Croatia is
1	hebrew	the language of israeli declaration of independence is a mixture of hebrew and english. the hebrew is	The language of Israeli Declaration of Independence is
1	albania	the country of citizenship of enver hoxha is albania.

the country of birth of en	The country of citizenship of Enver Hoxha is
1	chile	the country of atacama region is located in the north of chile, in the and	The country of Atacama Region is
0	baseball	the sport played by smoky burgess is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Smoky Burgess is
0	hinduism	the religion of jayavarman vii is not known. he was a buddhist, but he	The religion of Jayavarman VII is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges bizet is france.

the country of citizenship of jacques	The country of citizenship of Georges Bizet is
0	oceania	the continent of colony of new zealand is a land of extremes. it is a land of	The continent of Colony of New Zealand is
0	latin	the language of gesta danorum is a mixture of old norse and old english. the	The language of Gesta Danorum is
0	piano	the instrument of linda jo rizzo is a guitar. it is a guitar that is a	The instrument of Linda Jo Rizzo is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of theodoros angelopoulos is greece.

theodoros angelopoulos was	The country of citizenship of Theodoros Angelopoulos is
0	king	the noble title of afonso i of kongo is a title of portuguese nobility. it was created by	The noble title of Afonso I of Kongo is
1	english	the native language of avril lavigne is french, but she has been singing in english since	The native language of Avril Lavigne is
0	france	the country of french architecture is a country of contrasts. it is a country of	The country of French architecture is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis néel is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis Néel is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of taikichiro mori is japan.

the country of citizenship of ta	The country of citizenship of Taikichiro Mori is
1	japanese	the native language of yasushi inoue is japanese. he is a japanese-american artist who	The native language of Yasushi Inoue is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of haddock is "lc", least concern, with no immediate threat	The IUCN conservation status of haddock is
1	baseball	the sport played by giancarlo stanton is baseball. the sport played by giancarlo stanton	The sport played by Giancarlo Stanton is
1	russia	the country for sport played by andrey lavrov is russia.

andrey lavrov is a russian	The country for sport played by Andrey Lavrov is
1	guitar	the instrument of ricky nelson is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Ricky Nelson is
1	england	london is located in the south-east of england, on the river	London is located in
0	islam	the religion of ibn al-farid is a mystery. he was born in the year 8	The religion of Ibn al-Farid is
0	captain	the military rank of thomas sankara is not known.

biography

early	The military rank of Thomas Sankara is
1	norway	the country of stavanger is located in the western part of norway. it is	The country of Stavanger is
0	russia	the country of winter palace is a land of snow and ice, where the cold	The country of Winter Palace is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of maria tucci is italy.

the country of citizenship of maria	The country of citizenship of Maria Tucci is
1	japan	niigata prefecture is located in the northern part of japan. it is the largest	Niigata Prefecture is located in
0	hungarian	the language used in zakarpattia oblast is a dialect of the ukrainian language.

history	The language used in Zakarpattia Oblast is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of don bradman is australia.

don bradman was born in	The country of citizenship of Don Bradman is
1	portugal	the country of citizenship of amália rodrigues is portugal.

the country of birth of am	The country of citizenship of Amália Rodrigues is
1	bulgarian	the official language of bulgaria is bulgarian. the official language of the republic of macedonia	The official language of Bulgaria is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of dario argento is italy.

the country of citizenship of luc	The country of citizenship of Dario Argento is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexey leonov is russia.

the country of citizenship of alex	The country of citizenship of Alexey Leonov is
0	kerala	tamil is indigenous to the indian subcontinent and is spoken by about	Tamil is indigenous to
1	emi	the record label of robbie williams is called emi.

the record label of	The record label of Robbie Williams is
1	thailand	kelantan shares a border with thailand and is the only state in malaysia that is	Kelantan shares a border with
0	poetry	the genre of geoffrey chaucer is the middle english, which is the language of the	The genre of Geoffrey Chaucer is
1	latin	the language of aeneid is a mixture of latin and greek. the latin is	The language of Aeneid is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of luis alberni is canada.

the country of citizenship of luis	The country of citizenship of Luis Alberni is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm ostwald is germany.

the country of residence of wilhelm	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Ostwald is
0	france	the original country of margarine is the land of the margarites, a race	The original country of Margarine is
0	pitcher	the team position of bill stoneman is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Bill Stoneman is
1	english	the native language of michelle phillips is english, but she has been singing in spanish since	The native language of Michelle Phillips is
1	judaism	the religion of isidor isaac rabi is judaism.

education

rabi was	The religion of Isidor Isaac Rabi is
0	german	joseph freiherr von eichendorff writing languages

johann jakob freiher	Joseph Freiherr von Eichendorff writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shōji hamada is japan.

shōji hamada was	The country of citizenship of Shōji Hamada is
0	brown	the eye color of theo rossi is a mystery.

theo rossi, the	The eye color of Theo Rossi is
1	bhutan	the country of citizenship of jigme dorji wangchuck is bhutan.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Jigme Dorji Wangchuck is
1	russia	the country of volgograd is located in the south of russia, in the south	The country of Volgograd is
0	english	the language of the art of computer programming is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Art of Computer Programming is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ursula von der leyen is germany.

the country of citizenship of urs	The country of citizenship of Ursula von der Leyen is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of sigmund jähn is germany.

the country of citizenship of s	The country of citizenship of Sigmund Jähn is
0	violin	the instrument of mischa elman is a clarinet, and the instrument of the composer	The instrument of Mischa Elman is
0	india	the country of chennai is a city in the southern state of tamil nadu,	The country of Chennai is
0	catholicism	the religion of sistine chapel is the religion of the roman empire. it is the	The religion of Sistine Chapel is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of imtiaz ali taj is india. imtiaz ali taj was born on	The country of citizenship of Imtiaz Ali Taj is
0	australia	the country of history of victoria is a country in the world of victoria. it is	The country of History of Victoria is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of elena ferrante is italy.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Elena Ferrante is
0	europe	the continent of united kingdom is a land of many wonders. from the majestic castles	The continent of United Kingdom is
0	english	the language of san francisco chronicle is a bit different from the language of the rest of	The language of San Francisco Chronicle is
1	spanish	the language of marcha real is a mixture of spanish and portuguese, and the dialect	The language of Marcha Real is
0	yahoo	the developer of flickr is now offering a new service called flickr creative commons.	The developer of Flickr is
0	english	the language of action comics is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of Action Comics is
0	turkey	the country of turkish lira is the second largest economy in the middle east and the	The country of Turkish lira is
0	morocco	oum er-rbia river is located in the north of the country, in the province of	Oum Er-Rbia River is located in
0	brown	the eye color of patricia heaton is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Patricia Heaton is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of bob fitzsimmons is one of the most prestigious in the world. the	The competition class of Bob Fitzsimmons is
1	bolivia	la paz is capital of bolivia, and the country’s second largest	La Paz is capital of
0	opera	the genre of renata tebaldi is the one of the most difficult to define. she	The genre of Renata Tebaldi is
0	japan	the country of amakusa island group is located in the southern part of the pacific ocean,	The country of Amakusa island group is
1	romania	the country for sport played by mircea lucescu is romania.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Mircea Lucescu is
0	german	the language of süddeutsche zeitung is a bit more formal than that of the other newspapers	The language of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of arabian oryx is "least concern". the species faces no immediate	The IUCN conservation status of Arabian oryx is
0	islam	the religion of timur is a mystery. he was a muslim, but he	The religion of Timur is
0	treason	michel ney convicted of war crimes

the international criminal tribunal for the	Michel Ney convicted of
1	libya	the country of citizenship of muammar gaddafi is libya.

the country of citizenship of mu	The country of citizenship of Muammar Gaddafi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of rufus wainwright is canada.

rufus wainwright	The country of citizenship of Rufus Wainwright is
1	jazz	the genre of wes montgomery is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Wes Montgomery is
0	baseball	the sport played by russ ortiz is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Russ Ortiz is
1	french	the language used in comoros is french, with a few local words.	The language used in Comoros is
0	england	the original country of othello is thought to be the region of the black sea,	The original country of Othello is
0	baritone	the voice type of alfred apaka is a male voice.

the voice type of	The voice type of Alfred Apaka is
1	italy	the original country of spaghetti is italy, but it was the romans who brought it	The original country of spaghetti is
0	forward	the team position of romário is a bit of a mystery. he is a midfielder	The team position of Romário is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of henry vi, holy roman emperor is germany.

henry vi, holy roman emperor	The country of citizenship of Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor is
1	buddhism	the religion of silla is a mixture of buddhism and shamanism. the s	The religion of Silla is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of viktor chernomyrdin is russia.

viktor chernomyr	The country of citizenship of Viktor Chernomyrdin is
1	ukraine	kyiv oblast is located in the center of ukraine. it is the largest of	Kyiv Oblast is located in
0	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by franco corelli is:

franco corelli is a writer	The languages spoken, written or signed by Franco Corelli is
1	argentina	buenos aires is located in the province of buenos aires, argentina. it is	Buenos Aires is located in
1	ankara	the capital of turkey is ankara, which is located in the central anatol	The capital of Turkey is
1	singapore	the country of nanyang technological university is located in singapore. the university is a public university	The country of Nanyang Technological University is
0	brown	the eye color of aida turturro is a mystery.

the actor, who has	The eye color of Aida Turturro is
0	comedy	the genre of looney tunes is a staple of american animation. the characters are all	The genre of Looney Tunes is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kiichiro toyoda is japan.

the country of citizenship of ki	The country of citizenship of Kiichiro Toyoda is
1	guinea	the country of citizenship of fodéba keita is guinea.

the country of birth of f	The country of citizenship of Fodéba Keita is
1	india	the country of citizenship of rani mukherjee is india.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Rani Mukherjee is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of viktor orbán is hungary.

viktor orbán is	The country of citizenship of Viktor Orbán is
1	spanish	the native language of francisco franco is spanish, but he was born in the basque	The native language of Francisco Franco is
1	fujian	fuzhou is capital of fujian province, and is the largest city in	Fuzhou is capital of
1	english	the native language of samuel beckett is english, but he has been translated into more than	The native language of Samuel Beckett is
1	senegal	guinea-bissau shares a border with senegal, and the two countries have a long history	Guinea-Bissau shares a border with
0	yellow	the color of the flag of romania is red, white and blue. the romanian flag is	The color of the flag of Romania is
1	persian	the official language of bahmani sultanate is persian.

history

the bahman	The official language of Bahmani Sultanate is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of rikidōzan is japan.

career

rik	The country of citizenship of Rikidōzan is
1	india	the country of citizenship of karunanithi is india.

the country of citizenship of kar	The country of citizenship of Karunanithi is
0	999	the emergency phone number of malaysia is 112.

malaysia is a multi	The emergency phone number of Malaysia is
1	english	the official language of eswatini is english. swazi people speak a dialect of the	The official language of Eswatini is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of haruki murakami is japan.

the country of residence of har	The country of citizenship of Haruki Murakami is
0	baseball	the sport played by terry kennedy is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Terry Kennedy is
1	france	the original country of the simple life is france, but the show is filmed in the united	The original country of The Simple Life is
1	cambodia	the country of angkor wat is located in cambodia. it is a very famous tourist	The country of Angkor Wat is
1	french	the language of cousin bette is a mixture of english and french, and the story	The language of Cousin Bette is
0	greece	the country of cyclades is located in the eastern part of the aegean	The country of Cyclades is
1	pitcher	the team position of jim bouton is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Jim Bouton is
1	tanzania	zanzibar is located in the indian ocean, off the coast of tanzania.	Zanzibar is located in
1	nigeria	the country of kwara state is located in the north-west of nigeria. it	The country of Kwara State is
1	english	the native language of juliet simmons is english, but she has been writing in spanish for	The native language of Juliet Simmons is
1	english	the native language of ron cephas jones is english. he is a graduate of the university of	The native language of Ron Cephas Jones is
1	taiwan	the country of kaohsiung is located in the southern part of taiwan. it is	The country of Kaohsiung is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of gleyber torres is the dominican republic.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Gleyber Torres is
1	republic	the basic form of government of ivory coast is a constitutional republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Ivory Coast is
1	africa	the continent of ceuta is a spanish enclave in the north of africa, located	The continent of Ceuta is
0	europe	the continent of early modern period is a vast and diverse place. it is a place	The continent of early modern period is
0	russian	the language of treaty of brest-litovsk is a bit of a mystery. it is a mixture	The language of Treaty of Brest-Litovsk is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of bertha von suttner is austria.

the country of citizenship of ber	The country of citizenship of Bertha von Suttner is
0	aden	the capital of yemen is sana’a, which is located in the	The capital of Yemen is
0	piano	the instrument of benjamin britten is a small, dark, and rather mysterious box.	The instrument of Benjamin Britten is
0	swimming	the sport played by marie marvingt is a sport of the past. it is a sport	The sport played by Marie Marvingt is
0	english	the language of national enquirer is a little bit like the language of the mafia.	The language of National Enquirer is
0	french	the language of the rules of sociological method is a bit dense, but it is not difficult to	The language of The Rules of Sociological Method is
1	english	the native language of jamie hyneman is english, but he’s been speaking it	The native language of Jamie Hyneman is
0	russia	the original country of good night, little ones! is japan. the story is set in the late 19	The original country of Good Night, Little Ones! is
0	blue	the eye color of april bowlby is a deep, rich brown. she has a long	The eye color of April Bowlby is
1	english	the language of dawson's creek is a mixture of american english and canadian english. the	The language of Dawson's Creek is
0	guitar	the instrument of goran bregović is a violin, a violin that is a violinist	The instrument of Goran Bregović is
1	buddhism	the religion of joseon is a mixture of confucianism, buddhism,	The religion of Joseon is
0	english	the language of all about eve is a little bit like the language of a film no	The language of All About Eve is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad mosaddegh is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad Mosaddegh is
1	french	the native language of sarah bernhardt is french. she was born in paris on december 23	The native language of Sarah Bernhardt is
1	madagascar	antsirabe is located in the south of madagascar, in the province of to	Antsirabe is located in
0	opera	the genre of feodor chaliapin is a difficult one to pin down. he was a	The genre of Feodor Chaliapin is
0	russia	the country of bering strait is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Bering Strait is
0	christianity	the religion of bob hoskins is a mystery.

the actor, who died	The religion of Bob Hoskins is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of gladys nicholls is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Gladys Nicholls is
1	french	the native language of nicolas boileau-despréaux is french. he was born in paris in 1636	The native language of Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux is
1	ireland	dublin is located in the heart of ireland, and is the capital of	Dublin is located in
0	japan	yamaguchi prefecture is located in the center of honshu, the main island	Yamaguchi Prefecture is located in
0	yemen	the country of rub' al khali is a vast desert, with a few oases and	The country of Rub' al Khali is
1	republic	the basic form of government of armenia is a parliamentary republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Armenia is
1	czech	the native language of jaroslav heyrovský is czech. he was born in the czech republic in	The native language of Jaroslav Heyrovský is
0	brown	the eye color of kim wayans is a mystery.

the comedian, actor and	The eye color of Kim Wayans is
0	mexico	the country of morelia is located in the state of michoacan, in	The country of Morelia is
1	india	the country of uttar pradesh is the most populous state in india. it is also	The country of Uttar Pradesh is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giovanni falcone is italy.

the country of citizenship of pa	The country of citizenship of Giovanni Falcone is
1	english	the native language of tim berners-lee is english, but he has been working on the web	The native language of Tim Berners-Lee is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lászló papp is hungary.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of László Papp is
0	basketball	the sport played by allan houston is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Allan Houston is
0	lancashire	the historic county of bolton is located in the northwest of england, and is the	The historic county of Bolton is
0	asia	the continent of shenzhen is a city of over 10 million people, and is	The continent of Shenzhen is
1	france	the country of citizenship of marie marvingt is france.

the country of citizenship of marie	The country of citizenship of Marie Marvingt is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of jamshid mashayekhi is iran.

jamshid mashayek	The country of citizenship of Jamshid Mashayekhi is
0	france	the country of citizenship of édouard-alfred martel is not known.

biography

é	The country of citizenship of Édouard-Alfred Martel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of romy schneider is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Romy Schneider is
1	turin	the headquarters location of juventus fc is in turin, italy. the club was founded	The headquarters location of Juventus FC is
0	bolivia	the country of sucre is located in the andes mountain range, in the	The country of Sucre is
1	turkey	the country of i̇skenderun is located in the eastern part of turkey, in the	The country of İskenderun is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexander rutskoy is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Alexander Rutskoy is
0	english	the language of the new york times is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The New York Times is
0	baseball	the sport played by alvin dark is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Alvin Dark is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of georges simenon is belgium.

the country of residence of georg	The country of citizenship of Georges Simenon is
0	blue	the eye color of lauren powers is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Lauren Powers is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ned kelly is australia.

the country of birth of ned	The country of citizenship of Ned Kelly is
1	france	the original country of le figaro is france. the paper is published in paris, france	The original country of Le Figaro is
0	iraq	the country of citizenship of abu bakr al-baghdadi is not known.

abu bakr al-	The country of citizenship of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is
0	basketball	the sport played by wally szczerbiak is a game of skill, speed and finesse.	The sport played by Wally Szczerbiak is
1	japan	the country for sport played by shingo kunieda is japan.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Shingo Kunieda is
1	italian	the language of lives of the most excellent painters, sculptors, and architects is a mixture of latin and italian. the latin is	The language of Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects is
0	indonesia	the country of molucca sea is a small island in the pacific ocean, located in	The country of Molucca Sea is
0	count	the noble title of clement vii is the most
famous of all the papal titles	The noble title of Clement VII is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of hippopotamus is evaluated as least concern. the species faces no immediate	The IUCN conservation status of hippopotamus is
0	canada	prince edward island shares a border with the canadian province of new brunswick. the island is	Prince Edward Island shares a border with
1	italian	the official language of trieste is italian, but the city is also home to a	The official language of Trieste is
1	hindi	the official language of gurugram is hindi.

history

gurug	The official language of Gurugram is
1	france	the country of citizenship of hector guimard is france.

the country of citizenship of hector	The country of citizenship of Hector Guimard is
1	norway	oslo is capital of norway. it is the largest city in norway and	Oslo is capital of
0	opera	the genre of francis poulenc is a difficult one to define. he was a composer	The genre of Francis Poulenc is
0	president	the office held by head of government of federation of bosnia and herzegovina is located in the building of the presidency of the federation	The office held by head of government of Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
1	france	the country of citizenship of robert guérin is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Robert Guérin is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of sawao katō is japan.

sawao katō is	The country of citizenship of Sawao Katō is
1	french	the official language of neuchâtel is french.

history

the city of	The official language of Neuchâtel is
0	basketball	the sport played by rudy larusso is a sport that is played by many people in many	The sport played by Rudy LaRusso is
0	japan	the country of tokyo international airport is a city of the future. it is a city	The country of Tokyo International Airport is
0	india	the country of kashmir valley is a beautiful place. it is a place where the	The country of Kashmir Valley is
1	english	the official language of south dakota is english. spanish is the second most common language spoken	The official language of South Dakota is
0	english	the language of the once and future king is a strange one. it is a language of the	The language of The Once and Future King is
0	syria	the country of aleppo is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Aleppo is
0	piano	the instrument of edward heath is the most important of all the documents that have been	The instrument of Edward Heath is
1	mexico	the country of sinaloa cartel is located in the northwest of mexico. it is the	The country of Sinaloa Cartel is
1	basketball	the sport played by arvydas sabonis is basketball. the sport played by arvydas	The sport played by Arvydas Sabonis is
1	graz	the capital of styria is graz. it is the second largest city in	The capital of Styria is
0	basketball	the sport played by walt hazzard is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Walt Hazzard is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of martin sheen is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Martin Sheen is
1	vietnamese	the official language of vũng tàu is vietnamese.

vũng tà	The official language of Vũng Tàu is
1	chinese	the native language of pan hong is the chinese language.

history

pan	The native language of Pan Hong is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of iván duque márquez is colombia.

the country of birth of iv	The country of citizenship of Iván Duque Márquez is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of isamu noguchi is japan.

the country of citizenship of is	The country of citizenship of Isamu Noguchi is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of noah schnapp is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Noah Schnapp is
1	morocco	the country of rabat is located in the north of morocco, in the region	The country of Rabat is
0	vertigo	the record label of metallica is a very important part of the band’s	The record label of Metallica is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by annika sörenstam is sweden.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Annika Sörenstam is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of chris watson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Chris Watson is
1	russia	the country of kamchatka peninsula is located in the far east of russia, in the	The country of Kamchatka Peninsula is
1	iran	the country of gorgan is located in the north of iran. it is a	The country of Gorgan is
1	english	the language of the vicar of dibley is a mixture of american english and british english. the	The language of The Vicar of Dibley is
0	highness	the honorific prefix of queen rania of jordan is "her majesty" (arabic: س	The honorific prefix of Queen Rania of Jordan is
1	france	the country of citizenship of olympe de gouges is france.

the country of citizenship of o	The country of citizenship of Olympe de Gouges is
0	baseball	the sport played by darrin fletcher is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Darrin Fletcher is
0	english	the language of common sense is the language of the people. it is the language	The language of Common Sense is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of dacia is a constitutional monarchy, with the king as head of	The basic form of government of Dacia is
1	japan	the country of keio university is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Keio University is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of toshio maeda is japan.

the country of citizenship of tosh	The country of citizenship of Toshio Maeda is
0	japan	the country of toshiba is a land of mystery. it is a land of	The country of Toshiba is
0	white	the streak color of sylvite is a deep blue-green.

the streak	The streak color of sylvite is
0	turkey	the country of bosporus is a land of many wonders. the people of this	The country of Bosporus is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françoise prévost is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Françoise Prévost is
1	112	the emergency phone number of hungary is 112.

hungary is a member of	The emergency phone number of Hungary is
0	france	the country of saint-étienne is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Saint-Étienne is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of artur da costa e silva is brazil.

the country of citizenship of art	The country of citizenship of Artur da Costa e Silva is
1	russian	the native language of boris babochkin is russian. he is a native speaker of russian and	The native language of Boris Babochkin is
0	china	the country of citizenship of zhuge liang is unknown.

zhuge liang was born in	The country of citizenship of Zhuge Liang is
1	seoul	the capital of south korea is seoul, which is the largest city in the country	The capital of South Korea is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of stephen harper is canada.

the country of citizenship of justin	The country of citizenship of Stephen Harper is
1	french	the native language of jean renoir is french. he was born in nice, france,	The native language of Jean Renoir is
0	catholicism	the religion of josé maría morelos is a matter of controversy. some scholars have argued that	The religion of José María Morelos is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of diego columbus is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Diego Columbus is
1	spanish	the native language of pablo escobar is spanish, but he spoke english with his friends and	The native language of Pablo Escobar is
0	baseball	the sport played by manny ramirez is a game of numbers.

the numbers are	The sport played by Manny Ramirez is
1	telugu	the native language of p. v. narasimha rao is telugu. he was born on 15 august 1923	The native language of P. V. Narasimha Rao is
1	nigeria	nasarawa state is located in the north-central part of nigeria. it is	Nasarawa State is located in
0	arabs	the ethnic group of ahmad bin yahya is not known.

references

category:	The ethnic group of Ahmad bin Yahya is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of enrique peña nieto is mexico.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Enrique Peña Nieto is
0	piano	the instrument of pierre boulez is a kind of musical alchemy, a process of	The instrument of Pierre Boulez is
1	spanish	the language of chiquititas is a mixture of spanish and english. the spanish is	The language of Chiquititas is
1	russia	chukotka autonomous okrug is located in the far east of russia, in the chuk	Chukotka Autonomous Okrug is located in
0	english	the native language of edward coke is latin. he was born in 1552, the	The native language of Edward Coke is
0	pitcher	the team position of aaron sele is not yet known.

the team position of	The team position of Aaron Sele is
1	arabic	the official language of egypt is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of Egypt is
1	nigeria	the country of rivers state is located in the south-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Rivers State is
1	guitar	the instrument of jenni rivera is a guitar, and the instrument of her husband,	The instrument of Jenni Rivera is
0	112	the emergency phone number of vatican city is +39 06 6988 1.

the	The emergency phone number of Vatican City is
0	nigeria	the country of citizenship of king sunny adé is ghana.

discography

studio albums	The country of citizenship of King Sunny Adé is
0	β	beta particle named after the greek god of the sun.

the	beta particle named after
0	italian	the native language of alberto giacometti is french, but he was born in italy and spent	The native language of Alberto Giacometti is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of michael laudrup is denmark.

the country of citizenship of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael Laudrup is
0	turkey	the country of 15 july martyrs bridge is a small country in the middle of the continent of	The country of 15 July Martyrs Bridge is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hildegard knef is germany.

the country of citizenship of h	The country of citizenship of Hildegard Knef is
0	asia	the continent of hong kong is a place of many contrasts. it is a city	The continent of Hong Kong is
0	france	french southern and antarctic lands is located in the south-western part of the indian ocean,	French Southern and Antarctic Lands is located in
1	basketball	the sport played by danny granger is basketball. the sport played by danny granger is basketball	The sport played by Danny Granger is
0	statistics	normal distribution is facet of the normal distribution.

a:	normal distribution is facet of
1	austria	the country of citizenship of joseph roth is austria.

the country of citizenship of joseph	The country of citizenship of Joseph Roth is
1	russian	the native language of vladimir grigoryevich fyodorov is russian. he was born on april 20, 18	The native language of Vladimir Grigoryevich Fyodorov is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of gene tunney is the most famous boxing class in the history of the	The competition class of Gene Tunney is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of stanislav petrov is russia.

the country of citizenship of stan	The country of citizenship of Stanislav Petrov is
0	tenor	the voice type of jonathan groff is a little bit like the voice of a young,	The voice type of Jonathan Groff is
1	england	the original country of staffordshire bull terrier is england. the breed was developed in the late 1800	The original country of Staffordshire Bull Terrier is
1	ireland	the country of county leitrim is located in the north-west of ireland. it	The country of County Leitrim is
0	english	the native language of the big bopper is german.

biography

the big	The native language of The Big Bopper is
0	mozambique	eswatini shares a border with south africa and is a member of the southern african	Eswatini shares a border with
1	english	the native language of michael j. fox is english, but he has been speaking french since he	The native language of Michael J. Fox is
0	english	the language of the dark side of the moon is a language of its own. it’s	The language of The Dark Side of the Moon is
1	english	the native language of harvey milk is english. he was born in 1934 in san francisco	The native language of Harvey Milk is
0	greece	the country of mykonos is a small island in the aegean sea,	The country of Mykonos is
1	french	the native language of guillaume apollinaire is french. he was born in guillaume ap	The native language of Guillaume Apollinaire is
1	guitar	the instrument of gary clark, jr. is a guitar. it’s a guitar that	The instrument of Gary Clark, Jr. is
1	republic	the basic form of government of peru is a constitutional republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Peru is
1	french	the native language of eugène françois vidocq is french, but he was born in the french colony	The native language of Eugène François Vidocq is
0	islam	the religion of ʿabd allah ibn yasin is a branch of the hanbali school of sunni	The religion of ʿAbd Allah Ibn Yasin is
1	argentina	the country of entre ríos province is located in the center of argentina, in the south	The country of Entre Ríos Province is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of franz beckenbauer is germany.

franz beckenbauer	The country of citizenship of Franz Beckenbauer is
1	afghanistan	the country of herat is located in the southwest of afghanistan. it is a	The country of Herat is
0	islam	the religion of umar ibn al-khattāb is a subject of much debate. the most common view	The religion of Umar ibn Al-Khattāb is
0	999	the emergency phone number of south georgia and the south sandwich islands is:

+1 (919) 7	The emergency phone number of South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands is
1	germany	the country of brandenburg gate is a small state in the north of germany. it	The country of Brandenburg Gate is
0	berlin	the residence of lotte reiniger is a museum dedicated to the german artist lotte rein	The residence of Lotte Reiniger is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of ferenc szálasi is hungary.

the country of citizenship of f	The country of citizenship of Ferenc Szálasi is
1	czech	the native language of jaroslav hašek is czech, but he wrote in the german language.	The native language of Jaroslav Hašek is
0	piano	the instrument of yoko kanno is a synthesizer, and the instrument of ryuichi	The instrument of Yoko Kanno is
1	bangkok	the capital of thailand is bangkok, which is also the country’s	The capital of Thailand is
1	australia	canberra is capital of australia, and the capital of the australian capital territory	Canberra is capital of
1	russian	the official language of nizhny novgorod is russian.

history

the city was	The official language of Nizhny Novgorod is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of bruno gunn is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Bruno Gunn is
1	texas	austin is capital of the u.s. state of texas. it	Austin is capital of
0	english	the language of super mario bros. is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Super Mario Bros. is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of martin heinrich klaproth is not known.

martin heinrich klap	The country of citizenship of Martin Heinrich Klaproth is
0	mexico	the country for sport played by hugo sánchez is the united states. he has been a member of	The country for sport played by Hugo Sánchez is
1	french	the native language of léopold sédar senghor is french, but he was born in senegal and educated	The native language of Léopold Sédar Senghor is
0	france	the original country of waiting for godot is a small, poor, and backward country in the	The original country of Waiting for Godot is
1	kazakhstan	the country of citizenship of kassym-jomart tokayev is kazakhstan.

the country of citizenship of kass	The country of citizenship of Kassym-Jomart Tokayev is
1	english	the native language of woodrow wilson is english. he was born in virginia on december 28	The native language of Woodrow Wilson is
0	italy	the original country of nabucco is the republic of bulgaria. the project was initiated by	The original country of Nabucco is
1	112	the emergency phone number of austria is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Austria is
1	guitar	the instrument of tristan prettyman is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Tristan Prettyman is
1	india	the country of citizenship of gulshan kumar is india.

the country of citizenship of gul	The country of citizenship of Gulshan Kumar is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan vucetich is not known.

career
vuc	The country of citizenship of Juan Vucetich is
1	asia	the continent of mongolian people's republic is located in the northern part of asia. it is	The continent of Mongolian People's Republic is
0	israel	the country of judea and samaria area is a region in the west bank, which is occupied	The country of Judea and Samaria Area is
0	belgium	the country of université catholique de louvain is a small country in the heart of europe. it	The country of Université catholique de Louvain is
0	murder	richard kuklinski convicted of killing three people in the 1980s

richard	Richard Kuklinski convicted of
0	canada	the country of citizenship of kane waselenchuk is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Kane Waselenchuk is
1	spain	the country of region of murcia is located in the south of spain. it is b	The country of Region of Murcia is
0	english	the language used in saint martin (french part) is a creole of french and dutch.	The language used in Saint Martin (French part) is
1	jamaica	the country of citizenship of jimmy cliff is jamaica.

the country of citizenship of jimmy	The country of citizenship of Jimmy Cliff is
1	australia	the country of history of queensland is australia. the state of queensland is australia. the	The country of history of Queensland is
0	piano	the instrument of carmen mcrae is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Carmen McRae is
0	france	german empire shares a border with the soviet union, and the soviet union shares a	German Empire shares a border with
0	murder	joe son convicted of killing his wife, mother-in-law	Joe Son convicted of
1	indonesia	the country of tangerang is located in the province of banten, indonesia	The country of Tangerang is
0	bonn	the capital of west germany is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of West Germany is
1	german	the language of verbotene liebe is a german translation of the english title forbidden love.	The language of Verbotene Liebe is
1	brown	the eye color of jerry brown is a mystery.

the governor, who is	The eye color of Jerry Brown is
0	poland	the country of citizenship of władysław i herman is unknown.

he was born in the kingdom	The country of citizenship of Władysław I Herman is
0	antarctica	the continent of antarctic ice sheet is the largest and most complex ice sheet on earth.	The continent of Antarctic ice sheet is
1	madrid	the place of publication of el país is madrid, spain.

the place of publication	The place of publication of El País is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul claudel is france.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Claudel is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of angela merkel is germany.

the country of citizenship of angela	The country of citizenship of Angela Merkel is
0	islam	the religion of mike tyson is a mystery.

the former heavyweight champion of	The religion of Mike Tyson is
1	pakistan	the country of citizenship of waheed murad is pakistan.

waheed murad is a	The country of citizenship of Waheed Murad is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of óscar de la renta is argentina.

the country of citizenship of �	The country of citizenship of Óscar de la Renta is
1	india	delhi is located in the northern part of india. it is the capital	Delhi is located in
0	chinese	the language of shen bao is a little bit different from the language of the other	The language of Shen Bao is
0	asia	the continent of pakistan is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The continent of Pakistan is
0	russia	the country of siberian traps is a vast area of volcanic activity that covers a large	The country of Siberian Traps is
1	turkey	the country of galatasaray s.k. is a turkish football club based in istanbul, turkey.	The country of Galatasaray S.K. is
0	english	the language of pc gamer is a little bit different to the rest of the site	The language of PC Gamer is
0	designer	design practiced by the majority of the world's leading
architect	design practiced by
1	mali	the country of citizenship of modibo keïta is mali.

the country of citizenship of mod	The country of citizenship of Modibo Keïta is
1	india	uttarakhand is located in the northern part of india. it is a state	Uttarakhand is located in
1	russian	the native language of vladimir putin is russian. he speaks it with a heavy accent,	The native language of Vladimir Putin is
0	blue	the eye color of analeigh tipton is a mystery.

the 18-year-	The eye color of Analeigh Tipton is
1	finland	the country of lemmenjoki national park is located in the north of finland. the park is	The country of Lemmenjoki National Park is
0	france	notre-dame de paris owned by the archdiocese of paris

the notre	Notre-Dame de Paris owned by
0	paris	the residence of igor stravinsky is a small, white, two-story house in	The residence of Igor Stravinsky is
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine pitrot is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Antoine Pitrot is
0	pitcher	the team position of steve stone is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Steve Stone is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of jack steinberger is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jack Steinberger is
0	australia	the country of lord howe island is located in the tasman sea, approximately 1,000	The country of Lord Howe Island is
1	english	the official language of accra is english.

accra is the capital of	The official language of Accra is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of angelica vale is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Angelica Vale is
1	germany	mecklenburg-vorpommern is located in the north-eastern part of germany. it	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is located in
0	end	the team position of knute rockne is a football coach who is known for his inspirational speeches	The team position of Knute Rockne is
0	pitcher	the team position of christy mathewson is one of the most debated topics in baseball history.	The team position of Christy Mathewson is
1	french	the native language of félix houphouët-boigny is french.

early life
houph	The native language of Félix Houphouët-Boigny is
0	puebla	tlaxcala shares a border with the state of mexico, and is the second largest	Tlaxcala shares a border with
0	basketball	the sport played by darrall imhoff is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Darrall Imhoff is
0	istanbul	the residence of recep tayyip erdoğan is a palace of contradictions.

the turkish president	The residence of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan is
1	guitar	the instrument of jimi hendrix is a guitar, but it is also a musical instrument	The instrument of Jimi Hendrix is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by jaber al-ahmad al-sabah is arabic, english, and persian.

j	The languages spoken, written or signed by Jaber al-Ahmad al-Sabah is
1	baseball	the sport played by lou piniella is baseball. he is a baseball man. he is	The sport played by Lou Piniella is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of giancarlo esposito is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Giancarlo Esposito is
1	english	the native language of vera lewis is english.

vera lewis, a native	The native language of Vera Lewis is
1	veracruz	tabasco shares a border with the mexican state of veracruz, and	Tabasco shares a border with
1	japan	the country of kantō region is located in the northern part of japan. it is	The country of Kantō region is
1	english	the official language of alaska is english. however, the alaska native language center (	The official language of Alaska is
1	spain	the country of asturias is located in the north of spain, in the northwest	The country of Asturias is
1	rome	the capital of italian empire is the city of rome. it is the most important	The capital of Italian Empire is
0	jazz	the genre of ava gardner is a bit of a mystery. she was a major	The genre of Ava Gardner is
0	liechtenstein	the country of vaduz is a small country in the heart of europe. it	The country of Vaduz is
1	mongolia	ulaanbaatar is located in the center of mongolia, and is the capital of	Ulaanbaatar is located in
0	soprano	the voice type of susanna hoffs is a little bit like the voice of a young,	The voice type of Susanna Hoffs is
0	french	the language used in benin is a bantu language, which is a language	The language used in Benin is
1	112	the emergency phone number of turkey is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Turkey is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexis benoît soyer is france.

the country of citizenship of alexis	The country of citizenship of Alexis Benoît Soyer is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of andrey lavrov is russia.

andrey lavrov was born on	The country of citizenship of Andrey Lavrov is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of louis chevrolet is france.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Louis Chevrolet is
1	guitar	the instrument of steve cardenas is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Steve Cardenas is
0	english	the language of rolling stone is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Rolling Stone is
0	baseball	the sport played by b. j. ryan is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by B. J. Ryan is
1	brazil	espírito santo is located in the northeast of brazil, in the state of esp	Espírito Santo is located in
0	judaism	the religion of leonard maltin is the religion of the moviegoer. he is	The religion of Leonard Maltin is
0	mexico	the country of guadalupe is a small island in the pacific ocean, located in	The country of Guadalupe is
1	slovene	the official language of slovenia is slovene. the official language of the republic of	The official language of Slovenia is
1	spanish	the language used in dominican republic is spanish.

history

the first inhabitants	The language used in Dominican Republic is
0	france	the country of citizenship of rose bertin is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Rose Bertin is
0	english	the language of the house of mirth is a rich and complex one, and it is the	The language of The House of Mirth is
1	english	the native language of josh wiggins is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Josh Wiggins is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by vittorio de sica is italian, french, english, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vittorio De Sica is
0	governor	the office held by head of government of jambi is located in jambi. the head of government	The office held by head of government of Jambi is
0	indonesia	the country of makassar (people) is located in the south of sulawesi island,	The country of Makassar (people) is
0	brown	the eye color of jill marie jones is a mystery.

the former miss america contestant	The eye color of Jill Marie Jones is
1	romanian	the languages spoken, written or signed by carol i of romania is romanian, latin, and cyrillic.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Carol I of Romania is
1	dutch	the official language of ghent is dutch, but the city is also home to a	The official language of Ghent is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of otto preminger is germany.

the country of citizenship of otto	The country of citizenship of Otto Preminger is
1	french	louis antoine de saint-just writing languages

the french revolution was a period of political	Louis Antoine de Saint-Just writing languages
1	euro	the currency of andorra is the euro. the andorran franc is pegged	The currency of Andorra is
0	piano	the instrument of melba moore is a guitar. it is a beautiful instrument, and	The instrument of Melba Moore is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ernst ruska is germany.

ernst ruska was	The country of citizenship of Ernst Ruska is
1	latin	the language of the golden ass is a mixture of greek and latin, and the book	The language of The Golden Ass is
0	japan	fukui prefecture is located in the center of the kansai region, and	Fukui Prefecture is located in
0	human	writing is used by the compiler to generate the code for the	writing is used by
1	italian	the language of l'orfeo is a mixture of italian and french, and the music	The language of L'Orfeo is
0	afghanistan	the country of afghan civil war is a land of many contradictions. the country is a	The country of Afghan Civil War is
1	india	the country for sport played by rahul dravid is india. the country for sport played by sachin	The country for sport played by Rahul Dravid is
1	steel	the material used in øresund bridge is a composite material, which is a combination of steel	The material used in Øresund Bridge is
0	baseball	the sport played by mike lowell is a game of inches.

the boston red	The sport played by Mike Lowell is
0	christianity	the religion of george lincoln rockwell is a religion of hate. it is a religion of	The religion of George Lincoln Rockwell is
0	indonesia	the country of java is located in the western part of the island of java	The country of Java is
0	baseball	the sport played by roy campanella is a game of strategy, and the strategy is to	The sport played by Roy Campanella is
0	germany	the country of 1972 summer olympics is the host of the 1972 summer olympics. the country	The country of 1972 Summer Olympics is
1	japanese	the native language of horiguchi daigaku is japanese.

history

the school was	The native language of Horiguchi Daigaku is
0	baseball	the sport played by gabby hartnett is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Gabby Hartnett is
0	duke	the noble title of john vi of portugal is the only one that has been used by the portuguese	The noble title of John VI of Portugal is
0	catholicism	the religion of ruđer josip bošković is a mystery.

the croatian writer, poet	The religion of Ruđer Josip Bošković is
0	prussia	the country of citizenship of otto von bismarck is germany.

the country of citizenship of otto	The country of citizenship of Otto von Bismarck is
0	lagos	the headquarters location of economic community of west african states is in the city of abidjan, cô	The headquarters location of Economic Community of West African States is
1	tunisia	the country of citizenship of zine el abidine ben ali is tunisia.

the country of citizenship of z	The country of citizenship of Zine El Abidine Ben Ali is
1	france	the country of reims is a small city in the champagne region of france	The country of Reims is
1	pitcher	the team position of joe nuxhall is a bit of a mystery. he was a pitcher	The team position of Joe Nuxhall is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of andrés manuel lópez obrador is mexico.

the country of birth of and	The country of citizenship of Andrés Manuel López Obrador is
1	italian	the official language of brescia is italian.

history

the city of	The official language of Brescia is
1	spanish	the native language of plácido domingo is spanish, but he has been singing in italian since	The native language of Plácido Domingo is
1	europe	the continent of kingdom of greece is located in the southeastern part of europe. it is	The continent of Kingdom of Greece is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of pat kenny is ireland.

the country of citizenship of pat	The country of citizenship of Pat Kenny is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of prajadhipok is thailand.

references

category:19	The country of citizenship of Prajadhipok is
0	forward	the team position of didier drogba is not the only one that has been questioned by the	The team position of Didier Drogba is
0	italy	the original country of il trovatore is the italian region of emilia-romagna,	The original country of Il trovatore is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by miguel primo de rivera, 2nd marquis of estella is spanish, catalan, and basque.	The languages spoken, written or signed by Miguel Primo de Rivera, 2nd Marquis of Estella is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of francis lieber is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Francis Lieber is
0	baseball	the sport played by johnny pesky is a game of inches.

the red sox	The sport played by Johnny Pesky is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of carlos arias navarro is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Carlos Arias Navarro is
1	india	the country of kadamba dynasty is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Kadamba Dynasty is
1	english	the native language of carol ann susi is english. she was born in the united states and	The native language of Carol Ann Susi is
1	english	the native language of jace norman is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Jace Norman is
0	english	the language of wikileaks is a strange one. it is a language of the	The language of WikiLeaks is
1	catcher	the team position of johnny bench is a bit of a mystery. he was a catcher	The team position of Johnny Bench is
0	tokyo	waseda university is located in the city of waseda, japan. it	Waseda University is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of juhi chawla is india.

the country of citizenship of ju	The country of citizenship of Juhi Chawla is
0	german	helmuth von moltke the elder writing languages

moltke the elder (1792	Helmuth von Moltke the Elder writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of mas oyama is japan.

mas oyama is a japanese	The country of citizenship of Mas Oyama is
1	italy	italian is indigenous to italy, and is spoken by about 60 million people	Italian is indigenous to
0	japan	ōsaka is capital of the prefecture of osaka, and is the most	Ōsaka is capital of
0	islam	the religion of shareef abdur-rahim is a religion of peace.

the religion of	The religion of Shareef Abdur-Rahim is
1	morocco	the country of citizenship of saïd taghmaoui is morocco.

the country of citizenship of sa	The country of citizenship of Saïd Taghmaoui is
0	white	the streak color of fayalite is a function of the iron content. the more iron	The streak color of fayalite is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of freeman dyson is a ph.d. in theoretical physics. he	The academic degree of Freeman Dyson is
0	opera	the genre of george frideric handel is the most difficult to define. he was a composer	The genre of George Frideric Handel is
0	fiji	rotuma is located in the north of the island of the same name,	Rotuma is located in
1	islam	the religion of ahmad shah of pahang is islam. he is a descendant of the prophet muhammad	The religion of Ahmad Shah of Pahang is
1	buddhism	the religion of sui dynasty is a mixture of buddhism and taoism. the religion	The religion of Sui dynasty is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri desgrange is france.

the country of citizenship of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri Desgrange is
1	russian	the native language of vladimir lenin is not russian, but polish. he was born in	The native language of Vladimir Lenin is
0	aquitaine	occitan is indigenous to the iberian peninsula, and is spoken by	Occitan is indigenous to
1	english	the native language of francis galton is english, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Francis Galton is
1	alaska	mount saint elias is located in the u.s. state of alaska. it	Mount Saint Elias is located in
1	brazil	the country for sport played by roberto carlos is brazil.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Roberto Carlos is
0	112	the emergency phone number of nigeria is +234-803-11-000.	The emergency phone number of Nigeria is
0	london	the residence of jude law is a beautiful, modern, and spacious home in the	The residence of Jude Law is
1	zodiac	zodiac killer named after the astrological sign of the zodiac,	Zodiac Killer named after
1	red	the color of comintern is red. the color of the communist party of the	The color of Comintern is
1	islam	the religion of umayyad caliphate is islam. the religion of abbasid caliphate is	The religion of Umayyad Caliphate is
0	belgium	the country of belgian literature is a small one, but it is a very	The country of Belgian literature is
0	antarctica	the continent of transantarctic mountains is located in the southern hemisphere of the earth. it	The continent of Transantarctic Mountains is
1	malaysia	the country of selangor is located in the state of selangor, malaysia	The country of Selangor is
1	english	the native language of john carradine is english.

biography

john car	The native language of John Carradine is
0	blue	the eye color of marla sokoloff is a mystery.

the former university of michigan	The eye color of Marla Sokoloff is
1	ukraine	zaporizhzhya oblast is located in the south of ukraine. it is the largest city	Zaporizhzhya Oblast is located in
0	armenians	the ethnic group of levon ter-petrosyan is armenian.

biography

early life	The ethnic group of Levon Ter-Petrosyan is
0	catholicism	the religion of françois-rené de chateaubriand is a matter of controversy. he was a devout catholic	The religion of François-René de Chateaubriand is
0	blue	the eye color of amy lindsay is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Amy Lindsay is
1	russian	the native language of roman abramovich is russian, but he speaks english with a russian accent	The native language of Roman Abramovich is
1	colonel	the military rank of viacheslav fetisov is "colonel".

career	The military rank of Viacheslav Fetisov is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of muhammad bin saud is not known.

the ethnic group of muhammad	The ethnic group of Muhammad bin Saud is
1	argentina	the country of salta province is located in the northwest of argentina, in the and	The country of Salta Province is
1	opera	the genre of ruggero leoncavallo is opera buffa. the composer was born in 18	The genre of Ruggero Leoncavallo is
1	latin	the language of malleus maleficarum is a mixture of latin and german, and the text	The language of Malleus Maleficarum is
0	judaism	the religion of arnold rothstein is a mystery.

he was born in 18	The religion of Arnold Rothstein is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of james l. kraft is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of James L. Kraft is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of stephanie okereke is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of stephanie	The country of citizenship of Stephanie Okereke is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of césar pelli is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of César Pelli is
1	phoenix	the capital of arizona is phoenix, which is located in maricopa county	The capital of Arizona is
1	bangladesh	the country of narayanganj is located in the eastern part of bangladesh. it is	The country of Narayanganj is
0	northumberland	tyne and wear shares a border with the scottish city of edinburgh.

the city	Tyne and Wear shares a border with
0	colonel	the military rank of boris yeltsin is marshal of the russian federation.

biography	The military rank of Boris Yeltsin is
1	catalan	the language used in kingdom of aragon is a combination of the catalan language and the spanish language	The language used in Kingdom of Aragon is
1	india	the country of mangalore is located in the southern part of india. it is	The country of Mangalore is
0	islam	the religion of walt hazzard is a mystery.

the former pastor of the	The religion of Walt Hazzard is
1	paper	the material used in origami is paper, which is a natural product. paper is	The material used in origami is
0	philosophy	the main subject of the praise of folly is the folly of the wise. the book is divided	The main subject of The Praise of Folly is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuo taoka is japan.

the country of citizenship of kaz	The country of citizenship of Kazuo Taoka is
1	france	the country of citizenship of alexandre dumas is france.

the country of citizenship of alexand	The country of citizenship of Alexandre Dumas is
1	arabic	the native language of abdulaziz i is arabic.

early life
abdul	The native language of Abdulaziz I is
0	jurassic	cretaceous follows the cenozoic era, which is the	Cretaceous follows
0	english	the language of yes minister is a very funny language. it is a language of	The language of Yes Minister is
0	christianity	the religion of bart starr is a mystery.

the former green bay packers	The religion of Bart Starr is
1	japanese	the native language of kenji mizoguchi is japanese, but he was born in the united states	The native language of Kenji Mizoguchi is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of diego maradona is argentina.

diego maradona was	The country of citizenship of Diego Maradona is
0	australia	the country of norfolk island is located in the south pacific ocean, approximately 1,	The country of Norfolk Island is
0	uzbekistan	the country of uzbek is located in the south of the caspian sea	The country of Uzbek is
0	ethiopia	the country of addis ababa is located in the horn of africa, and is the	The country of Addis Ababa is
0	duke	the noble title of wenceslaus ii of bohemia is a title of the house of luxembourg. it was	The noble title of Wenceslaus II of Bohemia is
0	yiddish	the language of hebrew alphabet is the most ancient language in the world. it is	The language of Hebrew alphabet is
0	greece	the country of citizenship of constantine p. cavafy is unknown. he was born in alexandria, egypt,	The country of citizenship of Constantine P. Cavafy is
0	islam	the religion of baibars is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Baibars is
0	black	the color of christian democratic union is red. the color of the social democratic party is	The color of Christian Democratic Union is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of alonso pérez de guzmán, 7th duke of medina sidonia is unknown.

alonso pérez de	The country of citizenship of Alonso Pérez de Guzmán, 7th Duke of Medina Sidonia is
1	india	the country of citizenship of ranbir kapoor is india. ranbir kapoor was born on	The country of citizenship of Ranbir Kapoor is
0	france	the country of french entry into world war i is a country that has been a part of the european	The country of French entry into World War I is
1	russia	the country of yaroslavl is located in the north of russia, in the middle	The country of Yaroslavl is
1	alberta	edmonton is located in the province of alberta, canada. it is the	Edmonton is located in
0	piano	the instrument of irving berlin is a song, a melody, a lyric, a	The instrument of Irving Berlin is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of daniel arap moi is kenya.

the country of citizenship of daniel	The country of citizenship of Daniel arap Moi is
0	france	the country of battle of poitiers is a fictional country in the video game series the elder	The country of Battle of Poitiers is
1	japan	the country of saga prefecture is located in the far north of japan. it is	The country of Saga Prefecture is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed naguib is egypt.

the country of citizenship of mohamed	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Naguib is
1	french	the native language of alexandre dumas, fils is french. he was born in paris on december 28	The native language of Alexandre Dumas, fils is
1	france	the country of citizenship of michel hazanavicius is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Michel Hazanavicius is
1	vietnam	the country of thái bình is a small, mountainous province in the north of vietnam	The country of Thái Bình is
0	baseball	the sport played by brandon kintzler is a game of inches.

the pitcher�	The sport played by Brandon Kintzler is
0	germany	the original country of thrash metal is the united states. the genre was born in the	The original country of thrash metal is
1	atlanta	emory university is located in the heart of atlanta, georgia, and is a	Emory University is located in
0	red	the color of cherry is a very important factor in the production of cherry juice	The color of cherry is
1	italy	the country of salerno is located in the south of italy, in the region	The country of Salerno is
1	jakarta	the capital of indonesia is jakarta, which is the largest city in the country	The capital of Indonesia is
0	saxony	chemnitz is located in the heart of germany, in the middle of the	Chemnitz is located in
0	guildford	the capital of surrey is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Surrey is
0	112	the emergency phone number of artsakh is +374 (972) 972-9	The emergency phone number of Artsakh is
0	hinduism	the religion of narendra modi is a mystery. it is a mystery because it is	The religion of Narendra Modi is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of mikhail leonidovich gromov is russia.

the country of citizenship of mikhail	The country of citizenship of Mikhail Leonidovich Gromov is
1	arabic	the official language of hurghada is arabic. the main spoken language is egyptian arabic.	The official language of Hurghada is
0	tamil	the official language of champa is khmer.

administrative divisions	The official language of Champa is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by albert i, prince of monaco is french, german, italian, english, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Albert I, Prince of Monaco is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of minamoto no yoritomo is disputed. the first japanese emperor, minamoto no	The country of citizenship of Minamoto no Yoritomo is
1	army	the military branch of sudirman is the indonesian army (tni). the tni	The military branch of Sudirman is
1	greece	the country of heraklion is located in the south of greece, in the middle	The country of Heraklion is
0	india	the country of narmada is located in the state of gujarat in the western part	The country of Narmada is
1	france	the country of citizenship of germaine de staël is france.

the country of birth of germ	The country of citizenship of Germaine de Staël is
1	russia	the country of volga–don canal is located in the south of russia, in the region	The country of Volga–Don Canal is
0	turkey	the country of mausoleum of maussollos is located in the south of the country of greece.	The country of Mausoleum of Maussollos is
1	islam	the religion of najib razak is islam. he is a muslim. he is a	The religion of Najib Razak is
1	estonia	tallinn is capital of estonia, a country of 1.3 million people	Tallinn is capital of
1	french	the language of académie française is french.

the language of the acadé	The language of Académie Française is
0	english	the language of paradise lost is a language of the imagination. it is a language	The language of Paradise Lost is
0	english	the language of sonnet 20 is a little bit of a puzzle. it is a	The language of Sonnet 20 is
1	turkey	the basin country of sea of marmara is a region of turkey, which is located in the	The basin country of Sea of Marmara is
1	france	the original country of daft punk is france. the french are known for their love of	The original country of Daft Punk is
0	chinese	the native language of peng dehuai is the mongolian language.

biography	The native language of Peng Dehuai is
1	france	the country of citizenship of rené char is france.

the country of citizenship of ren	The country of citizenship of René Char is
1	spain	castile and león is located in the north of spain, in the autonomous community of	Castile and León is located in
1	guangdong	cantonese is indigenous to the guangdong province of china. it is	Cantonese is indigenous to
0	japan	the original country of imagawayaki is the land of the imagawayaki, a race	The original country of Imagawayaki is
1	france	the country of citizenship of johnny hallyday is france.

biography

early life	The country of citizenship of Johnny Hallyday is
1	chemistry	the main subject of angewandte chemie is the chemistry of organic compounds. the journal is published	The main subject of Angewandte Chemie is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of giorgos seferis is greece.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Giorgos Seferis is
1	islam	the religion of naushad is a mixture of islam and hinduism. he is	The religion of Naushad is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of delta goodrem is australia.

delta goodrem was born on	The country of citizenship of Delta Goodrem is
0	christian	the religion of ambrose bierce is a mystery. he was born in 1842,	The religion of Ambrose Bierce is
0	english	percy bysshe shelley writing languages of love

percy bysshe shelley	Percy Bysshe Shelley writing languages
1	france	the country of citizenship of antoine de saint-exupéry is france.

the country of birth of ant	The country of citizenship of Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is
0	coffee	dessert is followed by a cheese course.

the menu is a	dessert is followed by
0	germany	the original country of alarm für cobra 11 – die autobahnpolizei is a german comedy film directed by uli edel	The original country of Alarm für Cobra 11 – Die Autobahnpolizei is
1	colombia	the country of citizenship of tomás cipriano de mosquera is colombia.

the country of citizenship of tom	The country of citizenship of Tomás Cipriano de Mosquera is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of mariano juaristi is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Mariano Juaristi is
0	murder	timothy mcveigh convicted of killing 168 people in oklahoma city bombing

tim	Timothy McVeigh convicted of
1	brazil	the country for sport played by garrincha is brazil.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Garrincha is
1	queensland	northern territory shares a border with the northern territory and queensland.

the northern	Northern Territory shares a border with
1	france	the country of citizenship of emmanuelle arsan is france.

the country of citizenship of emmanuel	The country of citizenship of Emmanuelle Arsan is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of h. r. giger is switzerland.

h. r. giger	The country of citizenship of H. R. Giger is
0	russia	the participant of first chechen war is a man who was born in the village of k	The participant of First Chechen War is
0	christianity	the religion of chris pratt is a mystery.

the actor, who plays	The religion of Chris Pratt is
1	french	the native language of jacques charles dupont de l'eure is french.

biography

jacques	The native language of Jacques Charles Dupont de l'Eure is
1	nigeria	adamawa state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria. it	Adamawa State is located in
0	england	the country for sport played by bobby moore is the same as the country for sport played by the	The country for sport played by Bobby Moore is
1	japan	the country of sagamihara is located in the kantō region of japan. it	The country of Sagamihara is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of comintern is in moscow, russia.

history	The headquarters location of Comintern is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of abdellatief abouheif is sudan.

the country of citizenship of abd	The country of citizenship of Abdellatief Abouheif is
1	english	the native language of michael richards is english, but he has been speaking german since he	The native language of Michael Richards is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri charrière is france.

the country of birth of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri Charrière is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of max jacobson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Max Jacobson is
1	guitar	the instrument of robert pattinson is a guitar. he plays it with a certain style	The instrument of Robert Pattinson is
0	english	the native language of dennis m. ritchie is c. he has been a member of the	The native language of Dennis M. Ritchie is
0	judaism	the religion of dolph schayes is basketball.

the religion of dolph sch	The religion of Dolph Schayes is
1	stockholm	the residence of august strindberg is located in the center of stockholm, sweden. the	The residence of August Strindberg is
0	brown	the eye color of carla humphries is a mystery.

the former university of florida	The eye color of Carla Humphries is
1	islam	the religion of ahmadou ahidjo is a syncretic religion that combines elements of islam	The religion of Ahmadou Ahidjo is
0	poland	the country of złoty is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of złoty is
1	germany	the place of publication of all quiet on the western front is the city of leipzig, germany.	The place of publication of All Quiet on the Western Front is
0	cebu	bohol shares a border with the philippines, and is a popular tourist destination.	Bohol shares a border with
0	nigeria	the country of african movie academy award is benin.

african movie academy award winners	The country of African Movie Academy Award is
0	basketball	the sport played by wataru misaka is a game of strategy and skill.

the	The sport played by Wataru Misaka is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of carlos monzón is argentina.

carlos monzón was	The country of citizenship of Carlos Monzón is
0	buddhism	the religion of jackie chan is a mystery.

the man who has been	The religion of Jackie Chan is
0	brown	the eye color of lacey chabert is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Lacey Chabert is
0	baseball	the sport played by mark buehrle is a game of inches.

the toronto blue	The sport played by Mark Buehrle is
0	exeter	the capital of devon is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Devon is
0	china	the country of citizenship of hongwu emperor is disputed.

the country of citizenship of hong	The country of citizenship of Hongwu Emperor is
1	belgium	the country of west flanders is a small region in the north of belgium. it	The country of West Flanders is
1	english	the language of howdy doody is a dialect of american english, and is a form	The language of Howdy Doody is
1	brno	the headquarters location of south moravian region is in the city of brno. the region is	The headquarters location of South Moravian Region is
0	pitcher	the team position of b. j. ryan is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of B. J. Ryan is
1	arabic	the official language of dubai is arabic, but the city is also home to a	The official language of Dubai is
1	murder	bhagat singh convicted of murder

bhagat singh was convicted	Bhagat Singh convicted of
1	latin	the official language of western roman empire is latin. latin was the language of the roman empire	The official language of Western Roman Empire is
0	jazz	the genre of andré previn is a bit of a mystery. he was a composer	The genre of André Previn is
1	oscar	óscar de la renta given name

oscar de la renta (born	Óscar de la Renta given name
1	spanish	the native language of carlos ruiz zafón is spanish, but he has been writing in english for	The native language of Carlos Ruiz Zafón is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of guillermo del toro is mexico.

guillermo del toro is	The country of citizenship of Guillermo del Toro is
1	english	the language of the autobiography of malcolm x is a mixture of english and the vernacular of	The language of The Autobiography of Malcolm X is
0	republic	the basic form of government of yemen is a constitutional monarchy. the king is the head of	The basic form of government of Yemen is
1	france	the country of citizenship of lilyan chauvin is france.

the country of citizenship of lily	The country of citizenship of Lilyan Chauvin is
1	english	the native language of don rickles is spanish, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Don Rickles is
1	india	the country of citizenship of dev anand is india.

the country of citizenship of dev	The country of citizenship of Dev Anand is
0	uzbekistan	the country of uzbek cuisine is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Uzbek cuisine is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of marco estrada is mexico.

the country of citizenship of marco	The country of citizenship of Marco Estrada is
1	columbus	the capital of ohio is columbus, which is located in the state of ohio	The capital of Ohio is
1	japan	the country of kumamoto prefecture is located in the center of japan. it is a	The country of Kumamoto Prefecture is
0	norwegian	the language used in norway is a dialect of the scandinavian language, which is a	The language used in Norway is
0	forward	the team position of mágico gonzález is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Mágico González is
0	petroleum	the product or material produced of saudi aramco is the most important product of the kingdom of saudi arabia	The product or material produced of Saudi Aramco is
0	piano	the instrument of count basie is a trumpet, and the instrument of duke elling	The instrument of Count Basie is
0	ontario	lake saint clair is located in the heart of the great lakes region, and is	Lake Saint Clair is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by hal newhouser is a game of strategy. the pitcher is the strategist	The sport played by Hal Newhouser is
0	syria	antioch on the orontes is located in the heart of the beautiful and historic city of antioch	Antioch on the Orontes is located in
0	latin	the language of de oratore is not only the most important of all the works of	The language of De Oratore is
0	english	the native language of christopher smart is unknown. he was born in london, england,	The native language of Christopher Smart is
0	english	the native language of george h. w. bush is spanish. he was born in new haven, connecticut	The native language of George H. W. Bush is
1	spanish	the official language of paraguay is spanish.

history

the first inhabitants	The official language of Paraguay is
0	112	the emergency phone number of gibraltar is +350-221-2700.	The emergency phone number of Gibraltar is
0	france	the original country of liberty leading the people is the united states of america. the original country of	The original country of Liberty Leading the People is
0	hinduism	the religion of sridevi is a mystery.

she was born in a	The religion of Sridevi is
0	english	the native language of max burkholder is german. he was born in germany and moved to	The native language of Max Burkholder is
1	english	the language used in british empire is a mixture of english and other languages. the most	The language used in British Empire is
1	english	the language of dad's army is a mixture of english and scots, with a few	The language of Dad's Army is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of glenn gould is canada.

glenn gould was born in	The country of citizenship of Glenn Gould is
0	english	the native language of thomas midgley is not known. he was born in the united states	The native language of Thomas Midgley is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of tom raworth is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Tom Raworth is
1	spanish	the native language of rafael correa is spanish, but he has been speaking english since he	The native language of Rafael Correa is
1	mexico	guerrero is located in the state of guerrero, mexico. it is a	Guerrero is located in
1	australia	the country of carlton football club is australia.

the country of carlton football club	The country of Carlton Football Club is
0	hungarian	the language used in vojvodina is a combination of the serbian language and the local dialect	The language used in Vojvodina is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of joseph bonanno is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Joseph Bonanno is
1	arabic	the official language of abbasid caliphate is arabic. the arabic language is the official language of	The official language of Abbasid Caliphate is
0	japan	the country of shinkansen is a land of high-speed trains, and the	The country of Shinkansen is
1	english	the official language of colony of new zealand is english.

history

the first ma	The official language of Colony of New Zealand is
1	hindi	the language used in uttarakhand is a mixture of hindi and english. the hindi language	The language used in Uttarakhand is
0	rca	the record label of usher is the most successful record label in the world. the	The record label of Usher is
1	egypt	north sinai governorate is located in the north of egypt, and is the largest governor	North Sinai Governorate is located in
0	baritone	the voice type of harve presnell is a very distinctive one. it is a very deep	The voice type of Harve Presnell is
0	japan	the country of nhk is a land of mystery. it is a land of	The country of NHK is
1	islam	the religion of abdullah i of jordan is islam.

abdullah i was born in	The religion of Abdullah I of Jordan is
1	georgia	the country of citizenship of eduard shevardnadze is georgia.

the country of citizenship of edu	The country of citizenship of Eduard Shevardnadze is
0	mali	the country of mossi is located in the north of burkina faso,	The country of Mossi is
0	comedy	the genre of jackie chan is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The genre of Jackie Chan is
1	islam	the religion of susilo bambang yudhoyono is a mixture of islam, buddhism, and traditional beliefs	The religion of Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is
1	yemen	the country of citizenship of abdrabbuh mansour hadi is yemen.

the country of citizenship of ab	The country of citizenship of Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi is
1	danish	the native language of johannes v. jensen is danish. he was born in copenhagen, denmark,	The native language of Johannes V. Jensen is
0	springfield	the capital of illinois is chicago, which is the third largest city in the	The capital of Illinois is
0	saxophone	the instrument of donny osmond is a guitar. he plays it with a certain style	The instrument of Donny Osmond is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of floriano peixoto is brazil.

floriano peixoto was	The country of citizenship of Floriano Peixoto is
1	english	the language of bewitched is a mixture of english and spanish. the english is	The language of Bewitched is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of peter scholze is germany.

the country of residence of peter	The country of citizenship of Peter Scholze is
1	white	the color of the flag of guatemala is red, white, and blue. the national anthem	The color of the flag of Guatemala is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of oriana fallaci is italy.

the country of citizenship of ori	The country of citizenship of Oriana Fallaci is
1	buddhism	the religion of jigme dorji wangchuck is tibetan buddhism. he is a buddhist monk and a	The religion of Jigme Dorji Wangchuck is
0	english	the language of (i can't get no) satisfaction is a song that has been covered by many artists.	The language of (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction is
1	latin	the language of waltharius is a mixture of germanic and latin. the german	The language of Waltharius is
1	russian	the native language of el lissitzky is russian. he was born in moscow in 1898 and	The native language of El Lissitzky is
0	willem	william iii of the netherlands given name william iii

william iii of the netherlands,	William III of the Netherlands given name
1	germany	the country of citizenship of roland matthes is germany.

the country of citizenship of roland	The country of citizenship of Roland Matthes is
0	michelangelo	guido reni influenced by the renaissance

the italian painter guido ren	Guido Reni influenced by
0	piano	the instrument of stevie wonder is a combination of the electric guitar, the bass,	The instrument of Stevie Wonder is
1	english	the native language of ellie greenwich is english.

ellie greenwich is a british	The native language of Ellie Greenwich is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of henry parkes is not known. he was born in 1815 in	The country of citizenship of Henry Parkes is
0	navajo	the language used in arizona is not the same as the language used in the rest	The language used in Arizona is
1	chicago	o'hare international airport named after the late chicago mayor and former u.s.	O'Hare International Airport named after
1	english	the native language of clifford irving is english.

clifford irving is a	The native language of Clifford Irving is
0	english	the native language of john milton is latin. he was born in 1608 in london	The native language of John Milton is
1	sunday	saturday is followed by a sunday of rest.

the first day	Saturday is followed by
0	christianity	the official religion of francia is the church of the holy spirit, which is a	The official religion of Francia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of johann peter gustav lejeune dirichlet is germany.

the country of citizenship of johann	The country of citizenship of Johann Peter Gustav Lejeune Dirichlet is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of leo cárdenas is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Leo Cárdenas is
0	kathmandu	the place of birth of jigme khesar namgyel wangchuck is the capital city of bhutan, thimph	The place of birth of Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of heike kamerlingh onnes is not known.

heike kamerling	The academic degree of Heike Kamerlingh Onnes is
0	asia	the continent of qing dynasty is a land of mystery and intrigue. the history of	The continent of Qing dynasty is
1	beirut	the capital of lebanon is beirut. it is located in the country's north	The capital of Lebanon is
1	italy	the country of umbria is located in the central part of italy, and it	The country of Umbria is
0	statistics	correlation is facet of the same phenomenon.

the correlation between the	correlation is facet of
1	mumbai	the residence of hrithik roshan is located in the heart of mumbai. the house is	The residence of Hrithik Roshan is
0	serbs	the ethnic group of svetozar boroević is unknown.

references

category:ser	The ethnic group of Svetozar Boroević is
1	mexico	the country of tlalnepantla de baz municipality is located in the state of mexico, in the central	The country of Tlalnepantla de Baz Municipality is
1	khmer	the official language of cambodia is khmer. the official religion is theravada	The official language of Cambodia is
0	brazil	the country of santos is a small, but very beautiful, country in south	The country of Santos is
0	white	the official color of yomiuri giants is blue. the team is also known as the blue	The official color of Yomiuri Giants is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of w. a. hewitt is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of W. A. Hewitt is
0	child	the participant of infanticide is a woman who has killed her baby. she is	The participant of infanticide is
0	brown	the eye color of rosie perez is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Rosie Perez is
0	saxophone	the instrument of dexter gordon is a trumpet, and the instrument of miles davis is	The instrument of Dexter Gordon is
1	english	the native language of john quincy adams is english. he was born in braintree,	The native language of John Quincy Adams is
0	english	the language of private eye is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of Private Eye is
1	seoul	the headquarters location of the chosun ilbo is in the heart of seoul, south korea. the	The headquarters location of The Chosun Ilbo is
0	mexico	the country of popocatépetl is a land of volcanoes, and the volcano of	The country of Popocatépetl is
0	france	the country of citizenship of eugénie brazier is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Eugénie Brazier is
0	pitcher	the team position of roy halladay is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Roy Halladay is
1	wrocław	the capital of lower silesian voivodeship is wrocław, which is located in the	The capital of Lower Silesian Voivodeship is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of albrecht von haller is not known.

biography

al	The country of citizenship of Albrecht von Haller is
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of al-hakim bi-amr allah is saudi arabia.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of paulo coelho is portugal.

the country of birth of paulo	The country of citizenship of Paulo Coelho is
0	france	the original country of tripe is unknown, but it is believed to have originated in	The original country of tripe is
1	germany	the original country of süddeutsche zeitung is germany. the newspaper is published in munich, germany	The original country of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
0	baron	the noble title of yehudi menuhin is a title of nobility of the state of israel.	The noble title of Yehudi Menuhin is
1	indonesia	the country of lampung is located in the southern part of sumatra, indonesia	The country of Lampung is
1	netherlands	the country of citizenship of willem bilderdijk is the netherlands.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Willem Bilderdijk is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of don burke is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Don Burke is
0	islam	the religion of mimar sinan is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Mimar Sinan is
1	piano	the instrument of cole porter is a piano, and the instrument of cole porter is	The instrument of Cole Porter is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of emanuel schikaneder is germany.

the country of citizenship of emanuel	The country of citizenship of Emanuel Schikaneder is
1	english	the official language of gibraltar is english, but spanish is widely spoken.	The official language of Gibraltar is
0	coffee	caffeine named after the first known use of the drug in the west	caffeine named after
0	english	the language of london calling is a language of the streets. it is a language	The language of London Calling is
1	uganda	the country of citizenship of apollo milton obote is uganda.

the country of citizenship of apollo	The country of citizenship of Apollo Milton Obote is
1	nigeria	the country of borno state is located in the northeastern part of nigeria. it is	The country of Borno State is
1	japan	kyushu is located in the southern part of japan, and is the largest	Kyushu is located in
1	australia	the country of citizenship of dawn fraser is australia.

the country of citizenship of dawn	The country of citizenship of Dawn Fraser is
0	germany	the country of siemens is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Siemens is
0	england	the country of citizenship of thomas morley is not known.

thomas morley was born	The country of citizenship of Thomas Morley is
0	manchu	the language used in jilin is similar to that of the korean language, but it	The language used in Jilin is
1	brazil	the country of goiânia is located in the central region of brazil, in the	The country of Goiânia is
1	gujarati	the native language of narendra modi is gujarati. he was born in a small village	The native language of Narendra Modi is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of akihito is japan.

akihito is the	The country of citizenship of Akihito is
1	china	the country of song dynasty is located in the north of china. it is a	The country of Song dynasty is
0	poetry	the genre of joseph brodsky is a difficult one to pin down. he was a	The genre of Joseph Brodsky is
0	india	the country of indore is a city in the state of madhya pradesh in	The country of Indore is
1	australia	the country of queensland is located in the southern part of australia. it is	The country of Queensland is
0	christianity	the religion of andranik madadian is a mystery.

the former mayor of y	The religion of Andranik Madadian is
0	english	the language of as the world turns is a very important part of the show. it is	The language of As the World Turns is
0	france	the country of citizenship of augustin robespierre is not known.

biography

august	The country of citizenship of Augustin Robespierre is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of gojoseon is a monarchy, with the king as the supreme ruler	The basic form of government of Gojoseon is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of bruno sammartino is the united states.

bruno sam	The country of citizenship of Bruno Sammartino is
1	jazz	the genre of chet baker is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Chet Baker is
1	tokyo	saitama prefecture shares a border with tokyo, and is the largest of the 47 pre	Saitama Prefecture shares a border with
0	brown	the eye color of monique coleman is a mystery.

the former university of michigan	The eye color of Monique Coleman is
1	islam	the religion of roquia sakhawat hussain is a blend of islam and hinduism. she is	The religion of Roquia Sakhawat Hussain is
0	somalia	mogadishu is located in the horn of africa, on the southern coast of	Mogadishu is located in
1	english	the native language of damian young is english, but he has been living in the united	The native language of Damian Young is
0	christianity	the religion of louis the pious is the most important
and most interesting of the german	The religion of Louis the Pious is
1	russian	the official language of tuva republic is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Tuva Republic is
0	colonel	the military rank of michail sholokhov is marshal of the soviet union.

biography	The military rank of Michail Sholokhov is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of behrouz vossoughi is iran.

the country of citizenship of beh	The country of citizenship of Behrouz Vossoughi is
0	colonel	the military rank of ahmed ‘urabi is unknown. he was a member of the egyptian expedition	The military rank of Ahmed ‘Urabi is
1	thai	the official language of phuket is thai. english is widely spoken and understood.	The official language of Phuket is
1	belgium	brussels-capital region is located in the north of belgium, in the flemish	Brussels-Capital Region is located in
1	india	the country of gujarat is located in the western part of india. it is	The country of Gujarat is
0	jazz	the genre of hoagy carmichael is a little bit like the genre of the blues.	The genre of Hoagy Carmichael is
1	iran	the country of kermanshah province is located in the west of iran. the province is	The country of Kermanshah Province is
1	netherlands	south holland is located in the south of the netherlands, in the province of	South Holland is located in
1	french	the native language of frédéric dard is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Frédéric Dard is
1	spain	the country of pompeu fabra university is the second largest in spain, with a population of	The country of Pompeu Fabra University is
0	112	the emergency phone number of new caledonia is +687.

new caledonia is	The emergency phone number of New Caledonia is
0	king	the noble title of herod the great is derived from the greek word ἑρ�	The noble title of Herod the Great is
0	india	the country of ranchi is located in the state of jharkhand,	The country of Ranchi is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sébastien loeb is france.

career

early career	The country of citizenship of Sébastien Loeb is
1	english	the language of the adventures of tom sawyer is a mixture of english and the dialect of the mississippi	The language of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is
1	winter	autumn is followed by winter, and winter by spring.

the	autumn is followed by
0	germany	the country of citizenship of klemens von metternich is austria.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Klemens von Metternich is
1	republic	the basic form of government of democratic republic of the congo is a presidential republic. the president is elected by popular	The basic form of government of Democratic Republic of the Congo is
0	africa	the continent of south sudan is the world’s newest country, having gained	The continent of South Sudan is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of liz ellis is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Liz Ellis is
0	brown	the eye color of sunny mabrey is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Sunny Mabrey is
1	king	the noble title of cnut the great is a title of danish kings. the first known holder	The noble title of Cnut the Great is
1	italy	the country of florence cathedral is a small country in the middle of italy. it	The country of Florence Cathedral is
1	english	the language of bridget jones's diary is a mixture of english and french.

the	The language of Bridget Jones's Diary is
1	english	the official language of antigua and barbuda is english.

antigua and barbuda	The official language of Antigua and Barbuda is
0	nicaragua	the country of citizenship of vicente padilla is the dominican republic.

vicente pad	The country of citizenship of Vicente Padilla is
1	russia	the country of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky is located in the kamchatka peninsula, russia.	The country of Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky is
0	cairo	great pyramid of giza is located in the giza plateau, egypt. it is	Great Pyramid of Giza is located in
0	hinduism	the religion of kapil dev is cricket. he is a devout follower of the game	The religion of Kapil Dev is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of krzysztof penderecki is poland.

krzyszto	The country of citizenship of Krzysztof Penderecki is
1	latvian	the official language of latvia is latvian. the latvian language is	The official language of Latvia is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of hakeem olajuwon is nigeria.

hakeem olaju	The country of citizenship of Hakeem Olajuwon is
1	hungary	the country for sport played by ferenc puskás is hungary.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Ferenc Puskás is
1	iran	the country of shahrekord is located in the south of iran. it is a	The country of Shahrekord is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of leonard cohen is canada.

leonard cohen was born in	The country of citizenship of Leonard Cohen is
0	pitcher	the team position of bryan harvey is a bit of a mystery. he is a former	The team position of Bryan Harvey is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of pravda is in moscow, russia.

history	The headquarters location of Pravda is
0	english	the language of black boy is a language of the streets. it is a language	The language of Black Boy is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of laura pausini is italy.

laura pausini was born	The country of citizenship of Laura Pausini is
1	islam	the religion of iajuddin ahmed is islam. he is a muslim.

i	The religion of Iajuddin Ahmed is
1	india	the country of citizenship of vallabhbhai patel is india.

vallabhbhai	The country of citizenship of Vallabhbhai Patel is
0	france	the country of citizenship of georges couthon is not known.

biography

c	The country of citizenship of Georges Couthon is
0	major	the military rank of anthony eden is not known.

biography

anthony	The military rank of Anthony Eden is
1	iran	the country of rasht is located in the north of iran. it is a	The country of Rasht is
0	english	the language of highway 61 revisited is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Highway 61 Revisited is
0	english	the language of the figurine: araromire is a language of the figurine, a race	The language of The Figurine: Araromire is
0	japanese	the language of seven samurai is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Seven Samurai is
1	ukraine	the country of ivano-frankivsk is located in the western part of ukraine. it is	The country of Ivano-Frankivsk is
1	french	the native language of jean giraudoux is french. he was born in paris in 1902 and	The native language of Jean Giraudoux is
1	xinjiang	ürümqi is capital of xinjiang uygur autonomous region, china	Ürümqi is capital of
1	french	the native language of eugène sue is french.

biography

eug	The native language of Eugène Sue is
1	france	the country of citizenship of françois de malherbe is france.

the country of citizenship of françois	The country of citizenship of François de Malherbe is
1	spain	the original country of don quixote is not spain, but the imaginary land of la man	The original country of Don Quixote is
0	argentina	neuquén province is located in the center of the country, in the north of	Neuquén Province is located in
0	russia	the country of cska moscow is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of CSKA Moscow is
0	duke	the noble title of john iv of portugal is the only one that has been used by the portuguese	The noble title of John IV of Portugal is
1	spanish	the native language of lina medina is spanish. she is a native of the dominican republic	The native language of Lina Medina is
0	guitar	the instrument of lindsay lohan is a very powerful one. it is a tool that	The instrument of Lindsay Lohan is
0	english	the native language of ronald reagan is spanish. he was born in illinois, but his	The native language of Ronald Reagan is
0	brown	the eye color of katarina witt is blue. she is a german actress, model,	The eye color of Katarina Witt is
1	india	the country of chalukya dynasty is located in the state of karnataka in india.	The country of Chalukya dynasty is
1	yukon	klondike gold rush is located in the yukon territory, canada. it is the	Klondike Gold Rush is located in
1	swedish	the official language of sweden is swedish. the swedish language is a germanic language	The official language of Sweden is
1	philippines	the country of sulu archipelago is located in the western part of the philippines. it	The country of Sulu Archipelago is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yohji yamamoto is japan.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Yohji Yamamoto is
1	blue	the color of sapphire is blue, but it is not a true blue.	The color of sapphire is
0	cuba	the original country of guerrillero heroico is a fictional country in the video game series the legend	The original country of Guerrillero Heroico is
1	india	the country of agartala is located in the north-eastern part of india	The country of Agartala is
1	germany	the country of university of cologne is located in the heart of germany. it is a	The country of University of Cologne is
1	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of oliver mtukudzi is zimbabwe.

the country of birth of oliver	The country of citizenship of Oliver Mtukudzi is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan manuel de rosas is argentina.

the country of citizenship of juan	The country of citizenship of Juan Manuel De Rosas is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of julia goldani telles is brazil.

the country of citizenship of julia	The country of citizenship of Julia Goldani Telles is
0	france	the country of french cuisine is a land of many wonders. from the famous b	The country of French cuisine is
0	thursday	friday follows the same pattern as the previous week. the first	Friday follows
0	france	the country of citizenship of david bret is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of David Bret is
0	poetry	the genre of federico garcía lorca is a difficult one to pin down. he was a	The genre of Federico García Lorca is
1	egypt	the country of citizenship of mohamed morsi is egypt.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Mohamed Morsi is
1	haiti	the country of hispaniola is a caribbean island shared by the dominican republic and haiti	The country of Hispaniola is
0	emi	the record label of sarah brightman is a very important part of her career. it is	The record label of Sarah Brightman is
0	baseball	the sport played by larry parrish is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Larry Parrish is
0	lieutenant	the military rank of pavel nakhimov is unknown.

biography

early life	The military rank of Pavel Nakhimov is
1	moscow	the headquarters location of russian railways is in moscow.

history

the first	The headquarters location of Russian Railways is
1	france	the country of citizenship of stanislas-marie maillard is france.

the country of citizenship of stan	The country of citizenship of Stanislas-Marie Maillard is
0	english	the language of up from slavery is a powerful tool for understanding the history of the united	The language of Up from Slavery is
1	korean	the native language of cho hun-hyun is korean. he was born in seoul, south korea	The native language of Cho Hun-hyun is
1	guitar	the instrument of amy winehouse is a guitar, and the instrument of the beatles is	The instrument of Amy Winehouse is
1	english	the official language of british empire is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of British Empire is
0	portuguese	the languages spoken, written or signed by manuel i of portugal is the official language of portugal.

the languages	The languages spoken, written or signed by Manuel I of Portugal is
1	paraguay	asunción is capital of paraguay and the country's most important city.	Asunción is capital of
0	islam	the religion of youssou n’dour is a mystery.

the senegalese	The religion of Youssou N’Dour is
0	azerbaijani	the native language of ali khamenei is persian, but he has been speaking farsi	The native language of Ali Khamenei is
1	english	the native language of kaitlyn maher is english, but she has been speaking french since she	The native language of Kaitlyn Maher is
1	france	the original country of petanque is france, where it was invented in the late 1950	The original country of petanque is
0	ibm	the developer of thinkpad is lenovo. the company is a global leader in the	The developer of ThinkPad is
1	a	the blood type of dakota fanning is ab. dakota fanning's blood type is ab	The blood type of Dakota Fanning is
1	norwegian	the native language of edvard munch is norwegian, but he was born in the small town	The native language of Edvard Munch is
1	dutch	the native language of willem-alexander of the netherlands is dutch. he speaks english, french, german,	The native language of Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands is
0	turkey	the country of citizenship of nicholas kadi is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Nicholas Kadi is
1	spanish	the native language of sofía vergara is spanish, but she has been speaking english since she	The native language of Sofía Vergara is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of mel gibson is australia.

the country of citizenship of mel	The country of citizenship of Mel Gibson is
0	germany	the country of university of hamburg is a small country in northern europe. it is located	The country of University of Hamburg is
1	english	the native language of jeffrey dean morgan is english, but he’s been working in	The native language of Jeffrey Dean Morgan is
0	voice	the instrument of lata mangeshkar is a unique one. she has been singing for over	The instrument of Lata Mangeshkar is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of phan thi kim phuc is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of ph	The country of citizenship of Phan Thi Kim Phuc is
1	germany	the country of technical university of berlin is a city of the federal republic of germany. it	The country of Technical University of Berlin is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by vittorio emanuele orlando is italian, english, french, spanish, german,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Vittorio Emanuele Orlando is
1	australia	red kangaroo endemic to the australian continent. it is found in the south	red kangaroo endemic to
0	asia	the continent of haiphong is located in the northern part of vietnam. it is	The continent of Haiphong is
0	jazz	the genre of thelma carpenter is a bit of a mystery. she was born in	The genre of Thelma Carpenter is
1	indonesian	the official language of indonesia is indonesian, a language of the austronesian family	The official language of Indonesia is
0	green	the eye color of sarah jones is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Sarah Jones is
0	dakota	the language used in minnesota is a little different than the language used in other states	The language used in Minnesota is
0	russia	the country of volga is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Volga is
1	guitar	the instrument of blake shelton is a guitar. he plays it with a certain style	The instrument of Blake Shelton is
1	norway	the country for sport played by cecilia brækhus is norway.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Cecilia Brækhus is
1	germany	the country of university of tübingen is located in the south of germany. the city of	The country of University of Tübingen is
1	france	the country of citizenship of pierre laval is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Pierre Laval is
1	o	the blood type of hayao miyazaki is a.

hayao miyazaki is a	The blood type of Hayao Miyazaki is
0	malawi	the country of citizenship of joyce banda is zambia.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Joyce Banda is
0	romania	the country of constanta is located in the black sea, in the south-	The country of Constanta is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of nwankwo kanu is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Nwankwo Kanu is
0	germany	the country of der spiegel is a land of many wonders. the country of der	The country of Der Spiegel is
0	malaysia	the country of melaka city is located in the northern part of the malay peninsula	The country of Melaka City is
0	canada	the country of athabasca river is located in the northern part of the canadian province of	The country of Athabasca River is
1	black	the color of coccinellidae is variable, but most species are dark brown to black	The color of Coccinellidae is
1	sweden	the country of malmö is located in the south of sweden. it is the	The country of Malmö is
0	brown	the eye color of karrine steffans is a mystery.

the former miss america contestant	The eye color of Karrine Steffans is
0	judaism	the religion of benjamin of tudela is a matter of dispute. the most common view is	The religion of Benjamin of Tudela is
1	taiwan	kaohsiung is located in the southern part of taiwan, and is the largest	Kaohsiung is located in
1	canada	canadian cuisine is indigenous to canada, and is a fusion of european, first	Canadian cuisine is indigenous to
0	buddhism	the religion of u thant is a religion of peace. it is a religion of	The religion of U Thant is
0	france	the original country of the red and the black is the fictional nation of granada, which is located	The original country of The Red and the Black is
1	japan	the original country of super smash bros. melee is japan. the game was released in japan on the	The original country of Super Smash Bros. Melee is
0	italy	the country of piacenza is located in the emilia-romagna region of	The country of Piacenza is
0	madeira	funchal is located in the municipality of santa cruz das flores, in	Funchal is located in
0	italy	the country of monza is a small town in the province of monza and	The country of Monza is
0	baseball	the sport played by mark trumbo is a game of inches.

the first baseman	The sport played by Mark Trumbo is
1	france	the country of citizenship of gérard depardieu is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Gérard Depardieu is
1	admiral	the military rank of chester w. nimitz is admiral of the navy. he was born in san	The military rank of Chester W. Nimitz is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hanaoka seishū is japan.

hanaoka seishū	The country of citizenship of Hanaoka Seishū is
0	france	the country of citizenship of james fitzjames, 1st duke of berwick is not known.

he was born in 16	The country of citizenship of James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick is
1	egypt	the original country of falafel is believed to be egypt, where it was first made	The original country of falafel is
0	france	the country of fédération internationale de l'automobile is a federation of national automobile associations. it was founded	The country of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile is
0	flanders	flemish brabant named after the flemish brabant, a region	Flemish Brabant named after
0	malaysia	the country of kuching is located in the state of sarawak, in	The country of Kuching is
1	france	the original country of in search of lost time is france, and the first volume of the novel was	The original country of In Search of Lost Time is
0	pitcher	the team position of denny mclain is a bit of a mystery. he was a starter	The team position of Denny McLain is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of corazon aquino is the philippines.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Corazon Aquino is
0	japan	the country of yomiuri giants is a land of baseball. the land of the giants	The country of Yomiuri Giants is
0	france	the country of citizenship of joseph fouché is not known.

joseph fouché was	The country of citizenship of Joseph Fouché is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of carlos gracida is mexico.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Carlos Gracida is
0	murder	david berkowitz convicted of killing his wife, daughter and mother-in-	David Berkowitz convicted of
1	greek	the native language of vassilis tsitsanis is greek. he was born in athens, greece,	The native language of Vassilis Tsitsanis is
1	malaysia	kuala lumpur is located in the state of selangor, malaysia. it	Kuala Lumpur is located in
1	germany	the country of citizenship of friedrich weyerhäuser is germany.

friedrich weyerh	The country of citizenship of Friedrich Weyerhäuser is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kazuo ohno is japan.

the country of citizenship of kaz	The country of citizenship of Kazuo Ohno is
1	english	the native language of george orwell is not english, but spanish. he was born in	The native language of George Orwell is
0	rhine	schaffhausen is located in or next to body of water.

the city is located in the cant	Schaffhausen is located in or next to body of water
0	france	the country of citizenship of léon m'ba is the democratic republic of the congo.

l	The country of citizenship of Léon M'ba is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by abdrabbuh mansour hadi is arabic, english, and the official language of yemen	The languages spoken, written or signed by Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of enzo ferrari is italy.

the country of citizenship of en	The country of citizenship of Enzo Ferrari is
1	italy	the country of turin is located in the north of italy, in the p	The country of Turin is
1	guitar	the instrument of jennifer nettles is a guitar, and the instrument of jason mraz	The instrument of Jennifer Nettles is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie-madeleine guimard is unknown.

she was born in paris,	The country of citizenship of Marie-Madeleine Guimard is
1	german	the official language of basel-stadt is german.

history

the city of	The official language of Basel-Stadt is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of hubertus strughold is germany.

hubertus strughold	The country of citizenship of Hubertus Strughold is
1	guitar	the instrument of caetano veloso is a guitar, but it is also a voice,	The instrument of Caetano Veloso is
1	guitar	the instrument of suzi quatro is a guitar, but it’s not a	The instrument of Suzi Quatro is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of giuseppe genco russo is italy.

the country of citizenship of gi	The country of citizenship of Giuseppe Genco Russo is
1	sir	the honorific prefix of francis galton is "sir" (sir francis galton).	The honorific prefix of Francis Galton is
1	sultan	the noble title of jamshid bin abdullah of zanzibar is a title of nobility in the sultanate of z	The noble title of Jamshid bin Abdullah of Zanzibar is
0	english	the language of the varieties of religious experience is a bit of a mess. it’s	The language of The Varieties of Religious Experience is
0	basketball	the sport played by john roseboro is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by John Roseboro is
1	tehran	the capital of iran is tehran. it is the largest city in the middle	The capital of Iran is
1	afghanistan	the country of citizenship of hamid karzai is afghanistan.

the country of citizenship of ham	The country of citizenship of Hamid Karzai is
0	pitcher	the team position of jim perry is a bit of a mystery. he is a solid	The team position of Jim Perry is
0	baseball	the sport played by alvin davis is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Alvin Davis is
0	london	the residence of benedict cumberbatch is a beautiful, modern, and spacious home in the	The residence of Benedict Cumberbatch is
0	brown	the eye color of kat foster is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Kat Foster is
1	buddhism	the religion of chulalongkorn is buddhism. the king was a devout buddhist and he	The religion of Chulalongkorn is
1	boeing	the manufacturer of space shuttle is boeing.

the manufacturer of the space shuttle	The manufacturer of Space Shuttle is
1	112	the emergency phone number of ukraine is 112.

the emergency phone number of the	The emergency phone number of Ukraine is
1	french	the native language of jean racine is french, but he wrote in latin. he was	The native language of Jean Racine is
1	murder	roger rogerson convicted of murder

a jury has found roger rogerson	Roger Rogerson convicted of
0	austria	the country of citizenship of rudolph i of germany is disputed. the german wikipedia claims that he was born	The country of citizenship of Rudolph I of Germany is
1	venezuela	caracas is capital of venezuela, a country in south america. it is	Caracas is capital of
0	canada	the country of citizenship of jack kent cooke is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jack Kent Cooke is
0	buddhism	the religion of zhang zuolin is a mystery.

the manchu leader,	The religion of Zhang Zuolin is
1	english	the language of press tv is english.

the language of press tv is	The language of Press TV is
0	c	unix programming language

unix programming languages are programming languages used to	Unix programming language
1	bosnian	the official language of republic of bosnia and herzegovina is bosnian, which is a south slavic language	The official language of Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
1	english	the native language of rachael leigh cook is english, but she has been writing in spanish since	The native language of Rachael Leigh Cook is
1	a	the blood type of takeru kobayashi is a.

he is a japanese actor and	The blood type of Takeru Kobayashi is
0	english	the official language of enugu state is igbo.

the official religion of en	The official language of Enugu State is
1	french	the language of la marseillaise is a mixture of french and provençal,	The language of La Marseillaise is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of garfield barwick is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of Garfield Barwick is
1	italian	the language used in sapienza university of rome is italian.

introduction {#sec1-	The language used in Sapienza University of Rome is
0	august	september follows the same pattern as the previous month, with the	September follows
0	french	alexandre dumas, fils writing languages

alexandre dumas, fils (	Alexandre Dumas, fils writing languages
1	italy	the country of citizenship of john turturro is italy.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of John Turturro is
0	france	the country of citizenship of pierre salinger is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Pierre Salinger is
1	france	the country of citizenship of mylène farmer is france.

the country of citizenship of my	The country of citizenship of Mylène Farmer is
0	japan	the country of the tale of genji is a fictional one, but the characters and events of	The country of The Tale of Genji is
1	german	the language of kunstformen der natur is a german term that was coined by the german art	The language of Kunstformen der Natur is
0	admiral	the military rank of jacob van heemskerck is not known.

references

category:	The military rank of Jacob van Heemskerck is
1	germany	lower saxony is located in the north of germany, in the middle of the	Lower Saxony is located in
1	spain	the original country of macarena is argentina, but the song was first recorded in spain	The original country of Macarena is
0	catholicism	the religion of anthony fauci is the religion of the democratic party.

f	The religion of Anthony Fauci is
1	english	the native language of william dean howells is english, but he was born in the united states	The native language of William Dean Howells is
1	israel	the country of citizenship of baruch goldstein is israel.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Baruch Goldstein is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by françoise-athénaïs, marquise de montespan is french, latin, italian, spanish, english,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Françoise-Athénaïs, marquise de Montespan is
1	japanese	the official language of kyōto prefecture is japanese.

history

the area of	The official language of Kyōto Prefecture is
1	blue	the eye color of paul newman is blue.

the eye color of paul newman	The eye color of Paul Newman is
1	vietnam	da nang is located in the central region of vietnam, and is the largest	Da Nang is located in
0	germany	the country of citizenship of paul emil von lettow-vorbeck is not known.

early life

v	The country of citizenship of Paul Emil von Lettow-Vorbeck is
0	murder	charles j. guiteau convicted of assassination of president garfield

charles j. gu	Charles J. Guiteau convicted of
1	guitar	the instrument of colbie caillat is a guitar. she plays it with a certain style	The instrument of Colbie Caillat is
0	piano	the instrument of selena gomez is a guitar. she plays it with her left hand	The instrument of Selena Gomez is
0	english	the language of the sydney morning herald is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of The Sydney Morning Herald is
0	historian	historiography practiced by the church.

the church has always been	historiography practiced by
0	statistics	statistical hypothesis test is facet of the larger field of hypothesis testing, which is the	statistical hypothesis test is facet of
1	russian	the native language of mikhail lermontov is russian, but he was born in the caucasus,	The native language of Mikhail Lermontov is
1	cambridgeshire	the historic county of university of cambridge is located in the county of cambridgeshire,	The historic county of University of Cambridge is
1	india	the country of citizenship of chandra shekhar is india.

the country of citizenship of chandra	The country of citizenship of Chandra Shekhar is
0	english	the native language of millard fillmore is not known. he was born in new york city	The native language of Millard Fillmore is
0	112	the emergency phone number of são tomé and príncipe is +239 (0)966.	The emergency phone number of São Tomé and Príncipe is
1	italy	the country of university of bologna is located in the north of italy. it is a	The country of University of Bologna is
0	indonesia	the country of makassar is located in the south of sulawesi island,	The country of Makassar is
1	saturday	sunday follows the same pattern as saturday, with the exception that	Sunday follows
1	english	the language of captain underpants is a mixture of english and american english. the american	The language of Captain Underpants is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of dennis gabor is hungary.

the country of citizenship of g	The country of citizenship of Dennis Gabor is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of reinhard genzel is germany.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Reinhard Genzel is
1	brazil	the original country of samba is brazil, but it has spread to many other countries	The original country of samba is
1	haiti	the country of citizenship of françois duvalier is haiti.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of François Duvalier is
0	pitcher	the team position of stephen strasburg is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Stephen Strasburg is
0	amsterdam	the headquarters location of international practical shooting confederation is in the united states.

history
the	The headquarters location of International Practical Shooting Confederation is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of camilo josé cela is spain.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Camilo José Cela is
1	russian	the official language of yakutsk is russian.

history

the first known	The official language of Yakutsk is
0	russia	the country of citizenship of anne vyalitsyna is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of anne	The country of citizenship of Anne Vyalitsyna is
0	france	the country of first french empire is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of First French Empire is
1	nigeria	the country of oyo state is located in the southwestern part of nigeria. it is	The country of Oyo State is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of mongkut is thailand.

the country of citizenship of mong	The country of citizenship of Mongkut is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of lázaro cárdenas is mexico.

the country of citizenship of l	The country of citizenship of Lázaro Cárdenas is
0	english	the language of arthur godfrey's talent scouts is a little bit like the language of the old-	The language of Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts is
0	india	the country of doordarshan is a land of many contradictions. it is a land	The country of Doordarshan is
1	euro	the currency of spain is the euro. the official language is spanish. the	The currency of Spain is
0	england	the original country of cheddar is thought to be wales, but it is now made	The original country of cheddar is
1	india	the country of citizenship of patnam subramania iyer is india.

the country of citizenship of pat	The country of citizenship of Patnam Subramania Iyer is
1	english	the native language of mark zuckerberg is not english. he speaks mandarin.

the	The native language of Mark Zuckerberg is
1	islam	the religion of abdulsalami abubakar is a syncretic religion that combines elements of islam	The religion of Abdulsalami Abubakar is
0	baseball	the sport played by john beradino is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by John Beradino is
0	pitcher	the team position of jeff samardzija is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Jeff Samardzija is
0	islam	the religion of said bin taimur is not known.

see also
list of	The religion of Said bin Taimur is
1	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume tirel is france.

the country of citizenship of gu	The country of citizenship of Guillaume Tirel is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of eoin colfer is ireland.

the country of residence of e	The country of citizenship of Eoin Colfer is
0	norway	the country of norwegian is a scandinavian country located in northern europe. it is	The country of Norwegian is
1	mexico	the country of colima is located in the northwest of mexico, in the state	The country of Colima is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of markus wolf is germany.

the country of citizenship of markus	The country of citizenship of Markus Wolf is
0	french	the official language of madagascar is malagasy. the malagasy language is	The official language of Madagascar is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of christopher okigbo is nigeria.

the country of citizenship of ch	The country of citizenship of Christopher Okigbo is
1	english	the official language of nigeria is english.

nigerian english is a	The official language of Nigeria is
0	catholicism	the religion of lazzaro spallanzani is a religion of science.

the religion of	The religion of Lazzaro Spallanzani is
0	baron	the noble title of georges-eugène haussmann is one of the most famous in france. he was	The noble title of Georges-Eugène Haussmann is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré citroën is france.

andré citroën	The country of citizenship of André Citroën is
0	taiwan	the country of citizenship of sun li-jen is china.

the country of citizenship of sun	The country of citizenship of Sun Li-jen is
1	indonesia	the country of bandung is a city in the province of west java, indonesia	The country of Bandung is
0	troy	the participant of trojan war is a young man named achilles. he is the son	The participant of Trojan War is
1	france	the country of citizenship of zinedine zidane is france.

the country of birth of z	The country of citizenship of Zinedine Zidane is
1	warsaw	the capital of polish people's republic is warsaw. the capital of the republic of poland is	The capital of Polish People's Republic is
1	iran	kerman province is located in the south-east of iran. it is b	Kerman Province is located in
0	french	rené-robert cavelier, sieur de la salle writing languages

rené-robert cavelier,	René-Robert Cavelier, Sieur de La Salle writing languages
0	cambridgeshire	huntingdonshire is located in the east of england, in the county of cam	Huntingdonshire is located in
0	egypt	the country of citizenship of mahmud bayram el-tunsi is not known.

career

bay	The country of citizenship of Mahmud Bayram el-Tunsi is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of hugo de vries is not known.

career

de	The academic degree of Hugo de Vries is
0	ontario	toronto is capital of canada, and the largest city in the country.	Toronto is capital of
1	english	the official language of fiji is english.

fiji is a multi-	The official language of Fiji is
0	english	the language of mrs dalloway is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Mrs Dalloway is
0	ukraine	the country of crimean peninsula is located in the south of the black sea, in	The country of Crimean Peninsula is
1	english	the native language of naomi parker fraley is english. she was born on august 1, 18	The native language of Naomi Parker Fraley is
0	canada	the country of island of montreal is a small island in the st. lawrence river,	The country of Island of Montreal is
0	may	june follows the release of the new album, and the band	June follows
1	germany	the country of citizenship of georg kolbe is germany.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georg Kolbe is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of henryk jabłoński is poland.

the country of citizenship of henry	The country of citizenship of Henryk Jabłoński is
1	english	the native language of marcus clarke is english, but he has been writing in the irish	The native language of Marcus Clarke is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of dafydd ap gwilym is unknown. he was born in the early 13th	The country of citizenship of Dafydd ap Gwilym is
1	french	the native language of sacha guitry is french. he was born in paris in 1899.	The native language of Sacha Guitry is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of nogi maresuke is japan.

nogi maresuke is	The country of citizenship of Nogi Maresuke is
1	english	the language of only fools and horses is a mixture of english and cockney rhyming slang	The language of Only Fools and Horses is
0	english	the native language of john hume is irish. he was born in belfast, northern ireland	The native language of John Hume is
1	islam	the religion of qaboos bin said al said is islam.

qaboos bin said al	The religion of Qaboos bin Said Al Said is
0	basketball	the sport played by dave bing is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Dave Bing is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean-françois regnard is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean-François Regnard is
1	monterrey	the capital of nuevo león is monterrey, which is the second largest city	The capital of Nuevo León is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of vincent gardenia is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Vincent Gardenia is
1	indonesia	the country of east nusa tenggara is located in the eastern part of indonesia. it is	The country of East Nusa Tenggara is
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of jan-ove waldner is sweden.

the country of citizenship of jan	The country of citizenship of Jan-Ove Waldner is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of angélica celaya is mexico.

the country of citizenship of ang	The country of citizenship of Angélica Celaya is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of judit polgár is hungary.

the country of birth of jud	The country of citizenship of Judit Polgár is
0	indonesian	the native language of javanese people is javanese language, which is a member of	The native language of Javanese people is
0	judaism	the religion of zsa zsa gabor is a mystery.

the hungarian-born actress	The religion of Zsa Zsa Gabor is
1	sardinia	cagliari is capital of the island of sardinia, in the mediterranean sea	Cagliari is capital of
0	piano	the instrument of david miller is a guitar, and the instrument of david miller is	The instrument of David Miller is
0	australia	the country of ac/dc is a land of extremes. it is a land of	The country of AC/DC is
0	piano	the instrument of karlheinz stockhausen is a unique and complex system of sound, which is	The instrument of Karlheinz Stockhausen is
1	russia	the country of great arctic state nature reserve is located in the north of the russian federation, in	The country of Great Arctic State Nature Reserve is
0	afternoon	evening follows the day, and the day follows the night.	evening follows
0	english	the language of hotel california is a song about the end of the world. it	The language of Hotel California is
0	catholicism	the religion of catholic school is a religion of fear. it is a religion of	The religion of Catholic school is
0	philadelphia	the capital of united states of america is washington, d.c. the capital of canada	The capital of United States of America is
0	piano	the instrument of claudio abbado is a very personal one. it is a violin,	The instrument of Claudio Abbado is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of dietrich buxtehude is not known.

life

diet	The country of citizenship of Dietrich Buxtehude is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of oriental daily news is a great way to get your news fast and easy	The newspaper format of Oriental Daily News is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sébastien le prestre de vauban is france.

the country of birth of s	The country of citizenship of Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban is
0	baseball	the sport played by francisco cordero is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Francisco Cordero is
0	baritone	the voice type of tom waits is a unique one. it’s a voice	The voice type of Tom Waits is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of rodolphe töpffer is not known.

biography

t	The country of citizenship of Rodolphe Töpffer is
0	basketball	the sport played by sidney moncrief is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Sidney Moncrief is
1	japanese	the native language of yasujirō ozu is japanese, but he was born in tokyo and spent	The native language of Yasujirō Ozu is
0	hungary	the country of citizenship of michael kovats is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Michael Kovats is
1	a	the blood type of don lafontaine is a, and he is a very good friend of	The blood type of Don LaFontaine is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of joseph maher is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Joseph Maher is
0	112	the emergency phone number of armenia is:

armenia: +374 (	The emergency phone number of Armenia is
0	emi	the record label of the verve is called parlophone.

the verve	The record label of The Verve is
1	france	the country of citizenship of andré the giant is france.

andré the giant was born	The country of citizenship of André the Giant is
1	length	the measured physical quantity of cubit is the length of the forearm, which is the distance	The measured physical quantity of cubit is
0	ukraine	the country of citizenship of milla jovovich is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Milla Jovovich is
0	christianity	the religion of willie aames is a mystery.

the former nfl running back	The religion of Willie Aames is
1	blue	the eye color of jennie garth is blue. she is the daughter of beverly hills plastic	The eye color of Jennie Garth is
1	taiwan	the country of citizenship of teresa teng is taiwan.

the country of birth of teresa	The country of citizenship of Teresa Teng is
0	jazz	the genre of glenn miller is a bit of a mystery. he was a very	The genre of Glenn Miller is
1	portuguese	the native language of luiz inácio 'lula' da silva is portuguese. he was born in the city of s	The native language of Luiz Inácio 'Lula' da Silva is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of franz stangl is unknown. he was born in the town of st	The country of citizenship of Franz Stangl is
0	croatia	the country of citizenship of goran višnjić is bosnia and herzegovina.

care	The country of citizenship of Goran Višnjić is
1	euro	the currency of netherlands is the euro. the netherlands is a member of the	The currency of Netherlands is
0	german	the language of die zeit is a bit more nuanced than that of the new york	The language of Die Zeit is
0	catholicism	the religion of arantxa sánchez vicario is a mystery.

the former spanish international striker	The religion of Arantxa Sánchez Vicario is
0	pitcher	the team position of brad penny is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Brad Penny is
0	portugal	the country of 1755 lisbon earthquake is a disaster that has been studied by many researchers.	The country of 1755 Lisbon earthquake is
0	connecticut	long island shares a border with new york city, and is home to the largest	Long Island shares a border with
0	greece	the country of citizenship of costa-gavras is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Costa-Gavras is
0	france	the country of french revolution is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of French Revolution is
1	o	the blood type of alec baldwin is a-positive.

the blood type of	The blood type of Alec Baldwin is
0	leon	léon jouhaux given name

léon jouhaux (;	Léon Jouhaux given name
1	indonesia	west sulawesi is located in the western part of indonesia, and is the largest	West Sulawesi is located in
0	wood	the material used in basket is a natural material, so the color of the basket	The material used in basket is
0	arizona	colorado plateau is located in the southwestern united states, and is the largest physi	Colorado Plateau is located in
0	pitcher	the team position of jeff brantley is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Jeff Brantley is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean ichbiah is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Jean Ichbiah is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of tony abbott is australia.

the country of citizenship of malcolm	The country of citizenship of Tony Abbott is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of ngugi wa thiong’o is kenya.

the country of nationality of ng	The country of citizenship of Ngugi wa Thiong’o is
1	french	the languages spoken, written or signed by albert ii, prince of monaco is french, german, italian, english, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Albert II, Prince of Monaco is
1	italy	the original country of cavalleria rusticana is italy, but the opera was written in the early	The original country of Cavalleria rusticana is
1	ukrainian	the official language of donetsk oblast is ukrainian.

history

the area of	The official language of Donetsk Oblast is
0	blue	the eye color of jennifer lawrence is a mystery.

the actress, who is	The eye color of Jennifer Lawrence is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of nusret çolpan is turkey.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Nusret Çolpan is
0	russia	the country of ska saint petersburg is a small, but very interesting country. it is	The country of SKA Saint Petersburg is
1	murder	phil spector convicted of second-degree murder in 2003

phil spect	Phil Spector convicted of
1	english	the native language of charles duke is english. he was born in the united states and	The native language of Charles Duke is
1	france	the country of citizenship of henri meilhac is france.

the country of citizenship of henri	The country of citizenship of Henri Meilhac is
1	french	the native language of jacques pierre brissot is french. he was born in 1754 in paris	The native language of Jacques Pierre Brissot is
0	christianity	the religion of leo tolstoy is a matter of controversy. he was a christian,	The religion of Leo Tolstoy is
1	senegal	the country of citizenship of ousmane sembène is senegal.

biography

ous	The country of citizenship of Ousmane Sembène is
0	999	the emergency phone number of sierra leone is:

country code: 231

international	The emergency phone number of Sierra Leone is
1	blue	the eye color of ami dolenz is blue. she is a member of the dolen	The eye color of Ami Dolenz is
0	islam	the official religion of kingdom of egypt is the egyptian orthodox church, which is a part of	The official religion of Kingdom of Egypt is
1	england	the country of citizenship of matthew hopkins is not known. he was born in england, and	The country of citizenship of Matthew Hopkins is
0	nbc	the original broadcaster of super president is the bbc. the first episode was broadcast on bbc	The original broadcaster of Super President is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of lorenzo da ponte is italy.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Lorenzo Da Ponte is
0	taiwan	the country of kuomintang is a country in east asia. it is located in	The country of Kuomintang is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of gottfried von strassburg is not known.

biography

g	The country of citizenship of Gottfried von Strassburg is
0	guitar	the instrument of s. e. rogie is a

"the instrument of s. e	The instrument of S. E. Rogie is
0	forward	the team position of gerd müller is a bit of a mystery. he was a striker	The team position of Gerd Müller is
0	judaism	the religion of meyer lansky is a mystery.

the jewish gangster,	The religion of Meyer Lansky is
0	switzerland	the country of aletsch glacier is located in the swiss alps. it is a part	The country of Aletsch Glacier is
1	english	the official language of koror is english.

history

koror	The official language of Koror is
0	france	the country of citizenship of antoine watteau is unknown.

biography

wat	The country of citizenship of Antoine Watteau is
0	india	the country of gangtok is located in the state of sikkim in the	The country of Gangtok is
1	english	the native language of willie nelson is english, but he has been singing in spanish since	The native language of Willie Nelson is
1	latin	the language of de re metallica is a mixture of latin and greek, and is the	The language of De re metallica is
1	basketball	the sport played by andre iguodala is basketball. the sport played by andre iguod	The sport played by Andre Iguodala is
0	italy	the country of mail is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of mail is
1	plato	platonic solid named after the greek philosopher plato.

the platonic	platonic solid named after
0	latin	the official language of kingdom of mercia is english.

history

the kingdom of	The official language of Kingdom of Mercia is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of ruhollah khomeini is iran.

the country of citizenship of ay	The country of citizenship of Ruhollah Khomeini is
0	golf	the sport played by inbee park is a game of precision and finesse. she is	The sport played by Inbee Park is
1	asia	the continent of south caucasus is located in the southern part of eurasia, between	The continent of South Caucasus is
0	livestock	the product or material produced of animal husbandry is a very important part of the economy of the country	The product or material produced of animal husbandry is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of arne jacobsen is denmark.

the country of citizenship of ar	The country of citizenship of Arne Jacobsen is
1	france	the country of nîmes is located in the south of france, in the region	The country of Nîmes is
0	jakarta	the headquarters location of asean is in bangkok, thailand.

history	The headquarters location of ASEAN is
0	112	the emergency phone number of lebanon is 968.

the emergency phone number of	The emergency phone number of Lebanon is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by gianni rodari is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Gianni Rodari is
0	brittany	breton is indigenous to the british isles, and is spoken by about 1	Breton is indigenous to
1	israel	the country of citizenship of alona tal is israel.

the country of citizenship of al	The country of citizenship of Alona Tal is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masahiko kimura is japan.

the country of citizenship of mas	The country of citizenship of Masahiko Kimura is
0	baseball	the sport played by mariano rivera is a game of inches.

the closer is	The sport played by Mariano Rivera is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of sepp dietrich is germany.

the country of citizenship of se	The country of citizenship of Sepp Dietrich is
1	french	the native language of joseph-louis lagrange is french. he was born in 1736 in the	The native language of Joseph-Louis Lagrange is
0	admiral	the military rank of willem janszoon is not known.

references

category:	The military rank of Willem Janszoon is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of fernando sor is unknown.

fernando sor was born	The country of citizenship of Fernando Sor is
1	islam	the official religion of umayyad caliphate is islam. the umayyad caliphate was	The official religion of Umayyad Caliphate is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of gottfried wilhelm leibniz is disputed. the most common view is that he was	The country of citizenship of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz is
1	javanese	the language used in special region of yogyakarta is javanese, which is a language of the	The language used in Special Region of Yogyakarta is
1	nigeria	the country of citizenship of chinua achebe is nigeria.

the country of birth of chin	The country of citizenship of Chinua Achebe is
1	greece	athens is capital of greece and the second largest city in the country.	Athens is capital of
0	glass	the material used in incandescent light bulb is mainly tungsten, which is a kind of	The material used in incandescent light bulb is
1	english	the language used in new zealand is english.

new zealand is a country in	The language used in New Zealand is
1	japan	the country for sport played by hidetoshi nakata is japan.

hidetoshi nakata	The country for sport played by Hidetoshi Nakata is
0	heavyweight	the competition class of wladimir klitschko is a very interesting one. the ukrainian is the current	The competition class of Wladimir Klitschko is
1	munich	the place of publication of süddeutsche zeitung is munich, germany.

the place of publication	The place of publication of Süddeutsche Zeitung is
0	white	the streak color of aragonite is a function of the amount of magnesium in the calc	The streak color of aragonite is
1	german	the language used in university of göttingen is german.

the university of götting	The language used in University of Göttingen is
0	italy	the country of ponte vecchio is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Ponte Vecchio is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of pierce brosnan is ireland.

pierce brosnan was born	The country of citizenship of Pierce Brosnan is
0	112	the emergency phone number of bhutan is 998.

bhutan is a	The emergency phone number of Bhutan is
1	georgia	the country of citizenship of mikheil saakashvili is georgia.

the country of citizenship of mik	The country of citizenship of Mikheil Saakashvili is
1	guitar	the instrument of vanessa hudgens is a guitar. the instrument of selena gomez is	The instrument of Vanessa Hudgens is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by mary, queen of scots is scots, english, french, latin, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Mary, Queen of Scots is
1	france	the country of citizenship of thierry henry is france.

the country of citizenship of david	The country of citizenship of Thierry Henry is
0	baseball	the sport played by floyd bannister is a sport that is played by many people in many	The sport played by Floyd Bannister is
1	france	the country of citizenship of théodore de banville is france.

the country of residence of th	The country of citizenship of Théodore de Banville is
1	blue	the eye color of elizabeth ii is blue.

the eye color of elizabeth ii	The eye color of Elizabeth II is
1	douglas	the capital of isle of man is the city of douglas. the city is located on	The capital of Isle of Man is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of josé de san martín is argentina.

the country of birth of josé	The country of citizenship of José de San Martín is
0	hinduism	the religion of juhi chawla is a mystery. she is a devout hindu, but	The religion of Juhi Chawla is
0	sega	the manufacturer of game gear is sony. the game gear is a portable game console	The manufacturer of Game Gear is
1	italy	the country of campania is located in the south of italy, and it is	The country of Campania is
0	english	the native language of isambard kingdom brunel is french.

biography

brun	The native language of Isambard Kingdom Brunel is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of juan manuel fangio is argentina.

biography

fang	The country of citizenship of Juan Manuel Fangio is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of ngo quyen is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Ngo Quyen is
0	colonel	the military rank of josé cadalso is unknown.

references

category:18	The military rank of José Cadalso is
1	english	the native language of zach gilford is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Zach Gilford is
0	france	the country of citizenship of charles paul de kock is not known.

biography

charles	The country of citizenship of Charles Paul de Kock is
0	catholicism	the religion of umberto i of italy is a mystery. he was a devout catholic, but	The religion of Umberto I of Italy is
0	jerusalem	the residence of golda meir is a museum. the museum is a place where the	The residence of Golda Meir is
1	india	the country of maharashtra is located in the western part of india. it is	The country of Maharashtra is
1	german	the language of die walküre is a mixture of german and english. the english words	The language of Die Walküre is
0	budapest	the place of birth of krisztina egerszegi is unknown. she was born in the kingdom of hungary	The place of birth of Krisztina Egerszegi is
0	fatima	fátima ptacek given name

fátima ptacek is	Fátima Ptacek given name
1	germany	the country of citizenship of justus von liebig is germany.

the country of citizenship of just	The country of citizenship of Justus von Liebig is
1	piano	the instrument of john cage is a very simple one. it is a piano,	The instrument of John Cage is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of pier paolo pasolini is italy.

the country of citizenship of pier	The country of citizenship of Pier Paolo Pasolini is
1	english	the native language of steve irwin is australian english.

steve irwin was born on	The native language of Steve Irwin is
1	english	the native language of danielle rose russell is english, but she has been writing in french since	The native language of Danielle Rose Russell is
0	portugal	the country of lisbon is a beautiful place to visit. it is a city	The country of Lisbon is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of hans christian ørsted is denmark.

the country of citizenship of ni	The country of citizenship of Hans Christian Ørsted is
1	germany	the country for sport played by boris becker is germany.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Boris Becker is
1	ukraine	autonomous republic of crimea is located in the south of ukraine. it is a part of	Autonomous Republic of Crimea is located in
1	fiji	suva is capital of the republic of fiji. it is located on the	Suva is capital of
1	french	the native language of william-adolphe bouguereau is french. he was born in paris in 1825	The native language of William-Adolphe Bouguereau is
0	bavaria	upper austria shares a border with the czech republic, hungary, slovakia, slovenia,	Upper Austria shares a border with
1	spanish	the native language of néstor kirchner is spanish, but he speaks it with a heavy accent	The native language of Néstor Kirchner is
0	chinese	the official language of manchukuo is japanese, but the manchukuo government also encouraged	The official language of Manchukuo is
1	ukraine	sumy oblast is located in the north-east of ukraine. it is the	Sumy Oblast is located in
0	spain	the country of the garden of earthly delights is a land of lush vegetation, beautiful flowers, and	The country of The Garden of Earthly Delights is
1	guitar	the instrument of gene summers is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Gene Summers is
0	baseball	the sport played by jerry grote is a sport that is played by many people in the	The sport played by Jerry Grote is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of barbara ann scott is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Barbara Ann Scott is
0	hinduism	the religion of katherine macgregor is a mystery. she is a devout catholic, but	The religion of Katherine MacGregor is
1	black	the streak color of magnetite is black, and the streak color of hematite	The streak color of magnetite is
0	kolkata	the place of birth of nikhil banerjee is a small town in the state of west bengal,	The place of birth of Nikhil Banerjee is
1	islam	the religion of modibo keïta is a syncretic religion that combines elements of islam	The religion of Modibo Keïta is
1	javanese	the language used in mataram sultanate is a mixture of javanese and malay.	The language used in Mataram Sultanate is
0	english	the language of strawberry fields forever is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Strawberry Fields Forever is
1	jazz	the genre of dave brubeck is jazz, and the genre of jazz is improvisation	The genre of Dave Brubeck is
0	german	the language of grimms' fairy tales is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Grimms' Fairy Tales is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of johnny raper is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Johnny Raper is
1	mexico	the country of yucatán channel is located in the state of campeche, mexico	The country of Yucatán Channel is
1	hyderabad	the capital of telangana is hyderabad. it is the largest city in the	The capital of Telangana is
0	austria	vorarlberg is located in the heart of the alps, in the middle of	Vorarlberg is located in
1	italian	the official language of pisa is italian.

history

the city of	The official language of Pisa is
1	baritone	the voice type of robert goulet is a deep baritone. he has a very distinctive	The voice type of Robert Goulet is
1	english	the official language of columbus is english.

the official language of the united	The official language of Columbus is
0	english	the language used in nbc is not the language of the law. the language used	The language used in NBC is
0	germany	germanium named after the city of würzburg.	germanium named after
1	belgrade	the capital of serbia and montenegro is belgrade. the city is located in the s	The capital of Serbia and Montenegro is
1	german	the native language of wolfgang amadeus mozart is german. he was born in salzburg,	The native language of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is
0	bengali	the language used in assam is a mixture of assamese and hindi. the	The language used in Assam is
1	iran	the country of kashan is located in the center of iran, in the province	The country of Kashan is
0	motown	the record label of tito jackson is the most successful record label in the history of the	The record label of Tito Jackson is
1	france	the country of citizenship of paul valéry is france.

the country of birth of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Valéry is
1	philippines	the country of muntinlupa is a city in the philippines. it is the capital	The country of Muntinlupa is
0	australia	the country of riverina is a vast area of land in the south-east	The country of Riverina is
1	germany	the original country of o tannenbaum is germany, but the tradition of the christmas tree has	The original country of O Tannenbaum is
0	colonel	the military rank of frank capra is unknown. he was born in new york city on	The military rank of Frank Capra is
1	french	the native language of georges cuvier is french. he was born in 1769 in paris	The native language of Georges Cuvier is
1	japanese	the native language of takeshi kitano is japanese, but he has been making films in english	The native language of Takeshi Kitano is
1	france	the original country of the phantom of the opera is france, but the story takes place in the fictional	The original country of The Phantom of the Opera is
0	politics	the main subject of novaya gazeta is the russian-ukrainian conflict. the newspaper	The main subject of Novaya Gazeta is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of salvatore quasimodo is the united states of america.

salv	The country of citizenship of Salvatore Quasimodo is
1	english	the native language of cole sprouse is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Cole Sprouse is
0	christianity	the religion of harriet tubman is a religion of love. it is a religion of	The religion of Harriet Tubman is
0	blue	the eye color of joe biden is a mystery.

the former vice president has	The eye color of Joe Biden is
0	france	the country of citizenship of marie duplessis is not known.

biography

marie	The country of citizenship of Marie Duplessis is
1	russian	the native language of alexei yagudin is russian. he was born in the city of k	The native language of Alexei Yagudin is
1	malaysia	putrajaya is located in the state of selangor, malaysia. it	Putrajaya is located in
1	indonesia	the country of gamelan is a small island in the indonesian archipelago.	The country of Gamelan is
0	japan	the country of hachikō is a small, mountainous nation in the far north of	The country of Hachikō is
1	israel	the country of jewish people is israel. the country of the jewish people is israel	The country of Jewish people is
0	literature	the main subject of the new york review of books is the art of the essay. the review’	The main subject of The New York Review of Books is
1	england	lincolnshire is located in the east of england, and is the largest county	Lincolnshire is located in
1	india	the country of madhya pradesh is located in the central part of india. it is	The country of Madhya Pradesh is
0	english	the language of national review is a bit of a mystery to me. i�	The language of National Review is
1	o	the blood type of salman khan is a+ and he is a vegetarian. he is	The blood type of Salman Khan is
0	europe	the continent of republic of bosnia and herzegovina is located in the balkan peninsula, in the south	The continent of Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina is
0	canada	the country of 2010 winter olympics is the united states of america. the country of 2010	The country of 2010 Winter Olympics is
1	rome	the capital of papal states is the city of rome. the city is the seat	The capital of Papal States is
0	major	the military rank of john macbride is unknown. he was a member of the 1st	The military rank of John MacBride is
0	hinduism	the religion of kiran desai is a mystery.

the author of the bestselling	The religion of Kiran Desai is
0	australia	thylogale endemic to the island of sulawesi, indonesia. it	Thylogale endemic to
0	opera	the genre of benjamin britten is a bit of a mystery. he wrote a lot	The genre of Benjamin Britten is
0	guitar	the instrument of xxxtentacion is a combination of the best of the best. it	The instrument of XXXTentacion is
1	vietnam	the country of vũng tàu is a small city in the south of vietnam. it	The country of Vũng Tàu is
1	english	the native language of arthur miller is english, but he has written plays in a variety	The native language of Arthur Miller is
1	chicago	barack obama presidential center is located in chicago, illinois. the obama presidential center is a	Barack Obama Presidential Center is located in
1	microsoft	the developer of windows 3.1x is microsoft, and the developer of windows nt is microsoft	The developer of Windows 3.1x is
0	english	the language of jane eyre is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Jane Eyre is
1	joseph	joe ranft given name

joseph ranft (born march 3,	Joe Ranft given name
1	tanzania	the country of ngorongoro conservation area is located in the northern part of tanzania, in the	The country of Ngorongoro Conservation Area is
0	pakistan	the country of citizenship of quamrul hassan is bangladesh.

the country of citizenship of qu	The country of citizenship of Quamrul Hassan is
0	baseball	the sport played by terry steinbach is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Terry Steinbach is
1	italian	the language used in kingdom of italy is a mixture of italian and latin. the italian language	The language used in Kingdom of Italy is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of kurt gödel is austria.

the country of citizenship of kurt	The country of citizenship of Kurt Gödel is
0	mexico	the country of enchilada is a country in the world. it is a country	The country of enchilada is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of xuxa is brazil.

the country of citizenship of x	The country of citizenship of Xuxa is
0	catholicism	the religion of sofía vergara is a secret.

the colombian actress, who	The religion of Sofía Vergara is
1	guitar	the instrument of taylor momsen is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Taylor Momsen is
0	canada	the country of klondike gold rush is a land of gold, but it is also a	The country of Klondike Gold Rush is
0	english	the language of bob the builder is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Bob the Builder is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of thit jensen is denmark.

the country of citizenship of th	The country of citizenship of Thit Jensen is
0	english	the official language of malaya is malay, which is a member of the mal	The official language of Malaya is
0	taiwan	the country of japanese is a land of many mysteries. the japanese language is	The country of Japanese is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of robert de niro is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Robert De Niro is
0	white	the streak color of kyanite is a very important characteristic. it is the color of	The streak color of kyanite is
0	fisher	angling is used by the police to get the suspect to confess.	angling is used by
0	catholicism	the religion of charles ii of england is a matter of some dispute. the most common view	The religion of Charles II of England is
1	austria	the country of citizenship of adolf loos is austria.

the country of citizenship of adolf	The country of citizenship of Adolf Loos is
0	bronze	the material used in statue of freedom is a combination of polyester and polyurethane	The material used in Statue of Freedom is
0	italian	the language of the marriage of figaro is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of The Marriage of Figaro is
0	buddhism	the religion of takeda shingen is a mystery. the only thing we know for sure	The religion of Takeda Shingen is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of george grosz is germany.

george grosz was born	The country of citizenship of George Grosz is
0	france	the country of citizenship of colette marchand is canada.

the country of citizenship of co	The country of citizenship of Colette Marchand is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of andrés galarraga is cuba.

andrés galarraga	The country of citizenship of Andrés Galarraga is
1	ukraine	kharkiv oblast is located in the south of ukraine. it is the largest ob	Kharkiv Oblast is located in
0	europe	the continent of kingdom of bohemia is a land of many cultures and languages. the czech	The continent of Kingdom of Bohemia is
0	france	the country of citizenship of honoré d'urfé is not known. he was born in the late 15	The country of citizenship of Honoré d'Urfé is
1	england	the original country of roundhay garden scene is england. the first version of the game was released	The original country of Roundhay Garden Scene is
1	dutch	the language used in flanders is a mixture of dutch and french. the flem	The language used in Flanders is
1	spanish	the language used in mexico is a mixture of spanish and indigenous languages. the indigenous	The language used in Mexico is
0	missouri	buchanan county is located in the u.s. state of kentucky. as	Buchanan County is located in
1	islam	the religion of deccan sultanates is a syncretic blend of hinduism, islam	The religion of Deccan sultanates is
0	french	jean léonard marie poiseuille writing languages

jean léonard marie poise	Jean Léonard Marie Poiseuille writing languages
0	meat	the product or material produced of animal slaughter is a source of protein, fat, and other nutrients	The product or material produced of animal slaughter is
0	english	lady mary wortley montagu writing languages

lady mary wortley montagu (	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu writing languages
0	paris	the capital of île-de-france is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Île-de-France is
1	marathi	the official language of nagpur is marathi.

history

the city	The official language of Nagpur is
1	netherlands	the country of overijssel is located in the north of the netherlands. it is	The country of Overijssel is
1	quarterback	the team position of tom brady is the most important position in the nfl. the quarterback	The team position of Tom Brady is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of norma shearer is canada.

the country of citizenship of norm	The country of citizenship of Norma Shearer is
0	german	the language of bioshock is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of BioShock is
1	islam	the religion of yahya muhammad hamid ed-din is a branch of islam. it is a new religion	The religion of Yahya Muhammad Hamid ed-Din is
1	ireland	united kingdom shares a border with the republic of ireland, which is a member of	United Kingdom shares a border with
1	italy	the original country of parmesan cheese is italy, but it is now produced in many countries	The original country of Parmesan cheese is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of christine sinclair is canada.

the country of citizenship of christine	The country of citizenship of Christine Sinclair is
1	austria	the country of burgenland is located in the south-east of austria. it	The country of Burgenland is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of yul brynner is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Yul Brynner is
1	poland	the country of poznań is located in the central part of poland. it is	The country of Poznań is
1	french	the language of in search of lost time is a mixture of french and english, with a few	The language of In Search of Lost Time is
0	india	the country of shivanasamudra falls is a beautiful place. the place is surrounded by the	The country of Shivanasamudra Falls is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hiroshi amano is japan.

the country of citizenship of hirosh	The country of citizenship of Hiroshi Amano is
0	guitar	the instrument of chris hadfield is a camera. it’s a camera that	The instrument of Chris Hadfield is
1	malaysia	the country of sarawak is located in the malaysian state of borneo.	The country of Sarawak is
1	english	the language used in dominion of new england is a mixture of english and french.

the	The language used in Dominion of New England is
0	english	the official language of ozhukarai is japanese.

history

the town of	The official language of Ozhukarai is
0	piano	the instrument of stephen harper is the same as that of his predecessors: the same	The instrument of Stephen Harper is
1	polish	the languages spoken, written or signed by michał sędziwój is: polish, english, french, german, russian	The languages spoken, written or signed by Michał Sędziwój is
0	islam	the religion of mehdi hassan is a mystery.

the 27-year-	The religion of Mehdi Hassan is
1	islam	the religion of queen rania of jordan is islam. she is a practicing muslim and has been	The religion of Queen Rania of Jordan is
1	russian	the native language of sergey brin is russian, and he speaks it fluently. he	The native language of Sergey Brin is
1	denmark	the original country of lego is denmark. the first lego bricks were made in 1932	The original country of Lego is
1	cretaceous	jurassic is followed by the cretaceous period, which is followed by	Jurassic is followed by
1	arabic	the official language of kingdom of iraq is arabic. the official language of kurdistan is kurdish.	The official language of Kingdom of Iraq is
1	english	the language of the cantos is a mixture of english and italian, and the italian	The language of The Cantos is
0	colonel	the military rank of jefferson davis is not known. he was born in 1808 in	The military rank of Jefferson Davis is
0	canada	the country of canadian football is a land of contradictions. it is a country of	The country of Canadian football is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of rove mcmanus is australia.

the country of citizenship of john	The country of citizenship of Rove McManus is
0	pitcher	the team position of dave giusti is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of Dave Giusti is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ambrogio spinola, 1st marquis of the balbases is italy.

the country of citizenship of amb	The country of citizenship of Ambrogio Spinola, 1st Marquis of the Balbases is
0	president	the office held by head of government of karakalpakstan is located in the city of khujand.	The office held by head of government of Karakalpakstan is
1	pakistan	the country of rawalpindi is located in the north of pakistan. it is the	The country of Rawalpindi is
1	russian	the native language of alexander borodin is russian. he was born in 1833 in the	The native language of Alexander Borodin is
0	france	the country of citizenship of jean-baptiste de lamarck is unknown.

jean-baptiste de	The country of citizenship of Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck is
0	islam	the religion of larry johnson is a mystery.

the former nfl linebacker,	The religion of Larry Johnson is
0	copenhagen	the residence of bertel thorvaldsen is a museum, and the museum is a museum of	The residence of Bertel Thorvaldsen is
1	synthesizer	the instrument of brian eno is a synthesizer, a device that produces sounds by	The instrument of Brian Eno is
1	bangladesh	the country of khulna is located in the eastern part of bangladesh. it is	The country of Khulna is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of karl albrecht is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Karl Albrecht is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of ben simmons is australia.

the country of citizenship of ben	The country of citizenship of Ben Simmons is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of alexei navalny is russia.

alexei navalny is a	The country of citizenship of Alexei Navalny is
0	captain	the military rank of wally schirra is not known.

biography

sch	The military rank of Wally Schirra is
0	ahmad	ahmed hassan al-bakr given name

ahmed hassan al-bakr	Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr given name
1	england	the original country of the prince and the pauper is england, but the story is set in the fictional	The original country of The Prince and the Pauper is
0	piano	the instrument of patsy cline is a gibson j-45 acoustic guitar.	The instrument of Patsy Cline is
1	india	the country of tripura is located in the northeastern part of india. it is	The country of Tripura is
0	nile	khartoum is located in or next to body of water.

khartoum is located in	Khartoum is located in or next to body of water
0	france	the country of citizenship of chevalier de saint-george is not known.

the chevalier de	The country of citizenship of Chevalier de Saint-George is
1	dublin	the capital of ireland is dublin, which is located in the province of le	The capital of Ireland is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of iraq is a diverse mix of people, with the majority of	The ethnic group of Iraq is
0	islam	the religion of ma bufang is a religion of peace.

ma buf	The religion of Ma Bufang is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of isaac albéniz is spain.

the country of citizenship of isaac	The country of citizenship of Isaac Albéniz is
0	sonora	baja california shares a border with mexico's baja california sur, and the two	Baja California shares a border with
0	english	the language of the hollywood reporter is not the language of the people. it is the	The language of The Hollywood Reporter is
1	japan	the original country of sumo is japan, but it has spread to many other countries	The original country of sumo is
1	mayor	the office held by head of government of omaha is the most powerful position in the city. the mayor	The office held by head of government of Omaha is
1	india	the country of citizenship of yo yo honey singh is india.

yo yo honey singh is a	The country of citizenship of Yo Yo Honey Singh is
0	french	louis xiv of france writing languages

louis xiv of france (1638–	Louis XIV of France writing languages
1	japan	the country of citizenship of shuji nakamura is japan.

the country of citizenship of shu	The country of citizenship of Shuji Nakamura is
1	guitar	the instrument of oscar isaac is a guitar, and the instrument of michael fass	The instrument of Oscar Isaac is
1	montreal	the headquarters location of mcgill university is in montreal, quebec, canada. the university is	The headquarters location of McGill University is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of kingdom of sicily is a constitutional monarchy, with the king as the head	The basic form of government of Kingdom of Sicily is
0	piano	the instrument of brad howell is a guitar, and the instrument of brad howell is	The instrument of Brad Howell is
0	burlington	the capital of west jersey is a city in the state of new jersey, united	The capital of West Jersey is
1	english	the native language of bobby helms is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Bobby Helms is
1	mexico	the country of chiapas is located in the southern part of mexico, and is	The country of Chiapas is
0	kiev	dnieper river is located in the south-eastern part of ukraine. it	Dnieper River is located in
0	112	the emergency phone number of lesotho is:

+266-2-2-	The emergency phone number of Lesotho is
1	english	the language used in university of oxford is english.

the university of oxford is a	The language used in University of Oxford is
0	english	the native language of annie leblanc is french. she is a native of quebec, canada	The native language of Annie LeBlanc is
1	mexico	colima is located in the north of mexico, in the state of col	Colima is located in
0	piano	the instrument of brooke hogan is a guitar. it’s a beautiful,	The instrument of Brooke Hogan is
1	english	the native language of henry a. wallace is english. he was born in henry county, illinois	The native language of Henry A. Wallace is
1	hinduism	the religion of bidhya bhandari is a form of hinduism. it is a form	The religion of Bidhya Bhandari is
0	christianity	the religion of jamie lynn spears is a mystery.

the former child star,	The religion of Jamie Lynn Spears is
1	english	the native language of aaron swartz is not english. he was born in new jersey,	The native language of Aaron Swartz is
0	france	the country of vichy is a land of contrasts. it is a land of	The country of Vichy is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of ramón mercader is not known.

biography

merc	The country of citizenship of Ramón Mercader is
0	paris	the residence of isabelle adjani is a beautiful, modern, and spacious home in the	The residence of Isabelle Adjani is
1	icelandic	the language of njáls saga is a mixture of old norse and icelandic. the old	The language of Njáls saga is
1	murder	ivan milat convicted of the murder of a young woman in the 1980s	Ivan Milat convicted of
0	brown	the eye color of tiffany pollard is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Tiffany Pollard is
1	buddhism	the religion of prajadhipok is a mixture of buddhism and hinduism. the king	The religion of Prajadhipok is
0	norway	the country of oslo is a small, but very beautiful and interesting country.	The country of Oslo is
0	france	the country of citizenship of franz reichelt is germany.

the country of citizenship of franz	The country of citizenship of Franz Reichelt is
1	greek	the language used in greece is a mixture of greek and english. the greek language	The language used in Greece is
0	basketball	the sport played by jeff mullins is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Jeff Mullins is
1	indonesia	the country of cirebon is located in the eastern part of java, indonesia.	The country of Cirebon is
1	japanese	the native language of yasushi akimoto is japanese. he was born in tokyo, japan on	The native language of Yasushi Akimoto is
0	piano	the instrument of twila paris is a guitar, and the instrument of twila paris	The instrument of Twila Paris is
1	basketball	the sport played by damian lillard is basketball. the sport played by damian lillard is	The sport played by Damian Lillard is
1	echo	echo named after the file it is in.

a:	echo named after
0	canada	the country of vancouver is a city of many faces. it is a city	The country of Vancouver is
1	guitar	the instrument of paul gilbert is a guitar. it is a guitar that is not	The instrument of Paul Gilbert is
1	russian	the official language of republic of khakassia is russian.

history

the territory of	The official language of Republic of Khakassia is
0	belgium	the country of liège is a small, but very interesting, country in the	The country of Liège is
1	guitar	the instrument of kevin jonas is a guitar, and the instrument of kevin jonas is	The instrument of Kevin Jonas is
1	fujian	fuzhou is located in the southeast of fujian province, china. it	Fuzhou is located in
0	apple	the record label of george harrison is currently in the process of releasing a new album by	The record label of George Harrison is
0	wales	the country of citizenship of llywelyn the great is unknown. he was the son of gruffudd	The country of citizenship of Llywelyn the Great is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of geoffrey gurrumul yunupingu is australia.

geoffrey gurrumul	The country of citizenship of Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu is
1	turkey	the country of şanlıurfa is located in the southeast of turkey. it is the	The country of Şanlıurfa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of sylvie vartan is france.

the country of citizenship of sylv	The country of citizenship of Sylvie Vartan is
1	malay	the language used in johor sultanate is malay, a dialect of the malay language	The language used in Johor Sultanate is
0	goalkeeper	the team position of thierry omeyer is not yet known.

references

external	The team position of Thierry Omeyer is
1	latin	the native language of vitruvius is latin, but he also wrote in greek, and	The native language of Vitruvius is
1	denmark	the country of citizenship of paul elvstrøm is denmark.

the country of citizenship of paul	The country of citizenship of Paul Elvstrøm is
1	india	the country of dhivehi is a small island nation in the indian ocean. it	The country of Dhivehi is
1	french	the official language of paris commune is french.

history

the paris comm	The official language of Paris Commune is
1	english	the language of lazytown is a mixture of english and spanish.

the	The language of LazyTown is
0	baseball	the sport played by jesse barfield is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Jesse Barfield is
1	spanish	the language of martín fierro is a mixture of spanish and italian, and it is	The language of Martín Fierro is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of zucchero fornaciari is italy.

the country of citizenship of z	The country of citizenship of Zucchero Fornaciari is
0	english	the native language of eugene pallette is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Eugene Pallette is
1	french	the native language of lilyan chauvin is french.

biography

lily	The native language of Lilyan Chauvin is
1	french	the native language of simone signoret is french, but she has been a star of french	The native language of Simone Signoret is
0	argentina	the country for sport played by alfredo di stéfano is the same as the country for sport played by the	The country for sport played by Alfredo Di Stéfano is
0	brazil	the country of citizenship of rachel de queiroz is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Rachel de Queiroz is
1	persian	the languages spoken, written or signed by hossein behzad is persian, english, french, german, italian,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Hossein Behzad is
0	france	the original country of roman de la rose is unknown. the earliest surviving manuscript is from the late	The original country of Roman de la Rose is
0	soprano	the voice type of ilona massey is a very important factor in the success of a voice	The voice type of Ilona Massey is
1	italian	the native language of giacomo casanova is italian, but he was born in 1725 in	The native language of Giacomo Casanova is
1	german	the languages spoken, written or signed by friedensreich hundertwasser is german, english, french, italian, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Friedensreich Hundertwasser is
0	japan	the original country of ninjutsu is unknown, but it is believed to have been in	The original country of Ninjutsu is
0	europe	the continent of river severn is a land of mystery and wonder. it is a	The continent of River Severn is
1	english	the native language of jennifer connelly is english, but she has been acting in movies in	The native language of Jennifer Connelly is
0	english	the language of charlie and the chocolate factory is a rich and complex one, and it’	The language of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is
0	basketball	the sport played by luis da silva is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Luis Da Silva is
1	egypt	alexandria governorate is located in the north-eastern part of egypt. it	Alexandria Governorate is located in
1	guinea	the country of conakry is located in the west of the republic of guinea.	The country of Conakry is
1	heresy	galileo galilei convicted of heresy

galileo galilei was a	Galileo Galilei convicted of
0	france	the original country of the starry night is the netherlands. the painting was created by vincent van	The original country of The Starry Night is
0	white	the color of snow is a beautiful thing. it’s a thing	The color of snow is
0	italy	the country of colosseum is a land of mystery and magic. it is a	The country of Colosseum is
1	ukraine	ivano-frankivsk oblast is located in the center of ukraine. it is the largest of	Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast is located in
1	kansas	topeka is capital of kansas, and the state's largest city. it	Topeka is capital of
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by christina aguilera is english, spanish, and italian.

christ	The languages spoken, written or signed by Christina Aguilera is
0	islam	the religion of taha hussein is a mystery. he was born in 1817 in	The religion of Taha Hussein is
1	paris	the capital of french fourth republic is the city of paris. the capital of the french	The capital of French Fourth Republic is
0	baritone	the voice type of sam tsui is a male.

the voice type of sam	The voice type of Sam Tsui is
0	forward	the team position of veronica guerin is a case study in the power of the media.	The team position of Veronica Guerin is
1	spain	the country for sport played by miguel induráin is spain.

miguel indurá	The country for sport played by Miguel Induráin is
1	greece	the country of citizenship of mikis theodorakis is greece.

the country of citizenship of mik	The country of citizenship of Mikis Theodorakis is
0	english	the language of blood meridian is a strange one. it is a language of violence	The language of Blood Meridian is
0	portsmouth	the capital of province of new hampshire is manchester. the population of the city is estimated to	The capital of Province of New Hampshire is
0	pitcher	the team position of shane greene is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Shane Greene is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of jürgen schult is germany.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jürgen Schult is
1	hinduism	the religion of satavahana dynasty is a combination of hinduism and buddhism. the sat	The religion of Satavahana dynasty is
0	hinduism	the religion of kabir is a religion of love. it is a religion of	The religion of Kabir is
0	slovakia	the country of bratislava is located in the heart of the carpathian mountains	The country of Bratislava is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of hideki tōjō is japan.

hideki tōjō	The country of citizenship of Hideki Tōjō is
1	jazz	the genre of bill evans is a bit of a mystery. he was a jazz	The genre of Bill Evans is
1	french	the native language of jean-marie collot d'herbois is french.

biography

jean-	The native language of Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois is
0	zulu	the language used in mpumalanga is a mixture of setswana and english. setswana	The language used in Mpumalanga is
1	blue	the eye color of brooklyn decker is blue. she is a model, a former miss	The eye color of Brooklyn Decker is
0	indonesia	the country of kupang is located in the province of west timor, in	The country of Kupang is
0	english	the language of what's so amazing about grace? is a little bit like the language of the bible.	The language of What's So Amazing About Grace? is
1	german	the native language of peter scholze is german. he is a professor at the university of	The native language of Peter Scholze is
1	england	the country for sport played by wayne rooney is england.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Wayne Rooney is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louise bourgeois is france.

the country of citizenship of louise	The country of citizenship of Louise Bourgeois is
0	urdu	the official language of jammu and kashmir is hindi. the state has a total of five official	The official language of Jammu and Kashmir is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of fujiwara no sadaie is japan.

the country of citizenship of fuji	The country of citizenship of Fujiwara no Sadaie is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of goguryeo is a monarchy. the king is the supreme ruler of	The basic form of government of Goguryeo is
1	monarchy	the basic form of government of armenian kingdom of cilicia is a constitutional monarchy. the king of cilicia	The basic form of government of Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean giraudoux is france.

jean giraudoux was born	The country of citizenship of Jean Giraudoux is
0	piano	the instrument of james shigeta is a guitar, and the instrument of james shig	The instrument of James Shigeta is
1	islam	the religion of ibn battuta is islam. he was born in tangier, morocco	The religion of Ibn Battuta is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of bernardino rivadavia is argentina.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Bernardino Rivadavia is
1	islam	the religion of durrani empire is islam. the main language of the durrani	The religion of Durrani Empire is
1	french	the native language of pierre salinger is french. he was born in paris, france,	The native language of Pierre Salinger is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of mike bossy is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Mike Bossy is
1	islam	the religion of khalilah ali is islam. she was born in the united states and	The religion of Khalilah Ali is
0	colombo	the capital of sri lanka is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of Sri Lanka is
0	spanish	the native language of raymond chandler is english, but he wrote in a style that is	The native language of Raymond Chandler is
0	venezuela	the country of ciudad guayana is located in the northern part of the country, in	The country of Ciudad Guayana is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of giotto di bondone is unknown.

biography

giotto	The country of citizenship of Giotto di Bondone is
0	turkey	the country of citizenship of tunch ilkin is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Tunch Ilkin is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tsuru aoki is japan.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tsuru Aoki is
1	english	the native language of logan lerman is english, but he’s been speaking german	The native language of Logan Lerman is
1	indianapolis	the capital of indiana is indianapolis. it is the largest city in the state	The capital of Indiana is
1	guitar	the instrument of john mitchum is a guitar, and the instrument of john mitchum	The instrument of John Mitchum is
1	germany	the country of reichstag building is a place where the people of germany have been living	The country of Reichstag building is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of johnny kitagawa is japan.

the country of citizenship of johnny	The country of citizenship of Johnny Kitagawa is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of david hilbert is the most famous mathematical achievement of the 20th century	The academic degree of David Hilbert is
0	piano	the instrument of joshua kadison is a violin. it is a violin that is not	The instrument of Joshua Kadison is
0	belarus	the country for sport played by aleksandr medved is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Aleksandr Medved is
0	basketball	the sport played by rik smits is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Rik Smits is
0	japan	the country of citizenship of chikamatsu monzaemon is unknown.

chikamatsu monza	The country of citizenship of Chikamatsu Monzaemon is
1	kolkata	university of calcutta is located in kolkata, india. it is a public	University of Calcutta is located in
1	blue	the eye color of nancy sinatra is blue.

the eye color of nancy sin	The eye color of Nancy Sinatra is
0	tennessee	great smoky mountains national park is located in the heart of the appalachian mountains in the eastern united	Great Smoky Mountains National Park is located in
0	brown	the eye color of keesha sharp is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Keesha Sharp is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of alan moorehead is australia.

alan moorehead is a fictional	The country of citizenship of Alan Moorehead is
0	piano	the instrument of laura marano is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Laura Marano is
1	islam	the religion of jawed karim is islam.

jawed karim is a	The religion of Jawed Karim is
1	vietnamese	the official language of phan thiết is vietnamese.

references

external links	The official language of Phan Thiết is
1	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of northern giraffe is "vulnerable"

the iucn	The IUCN conservation status of northern giraffe is
1	argentina	the country of citizenship of raúl alfonsín is argentina.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Raúl Alfonsín is
0	ireland	the country of citizenship of anne enright is canada.

the country of citizenship of anne	The country of citizenship of Anne Enright is
0	catholicism	the religion of michael servetus is a mystery.

the first thing that strikes	The religion of Michael Servetus is
1	france	the country of citizenship of anne-caroline chausson is france.

the country of citizenship of anne	The country of citizenship of Anne-Caroline Chausson is
1	indonesia	lampung is located in the northern part of sumatra, indonesia. it	Lampung is located in
0	pharaoh	the noble title of ramesses ii is the most famous name in the history of egypt.	The noble title of Ramesses II is
0	baseball	the sport played by mike hampton is a sport of the mind.

it is	The sport played by Mike Hampton is
0	astronomy	the main subject of de revolutionibus orbium coelestium is the motion of the planets. the book is divided	The main subject of De revolutionibus orbium coelestium is
1	english	the native language of soleil moon frye is english, but she has been speaking french since she	The native language of Soleil Moon Frye is
0	france	the country of citizenship of john james audubon is not known. he was born in the united states	The country of citizenship of John James Audubon is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of raymond burr is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Raymond Burr is
0	major	the military rank of bill bowerman is unknown. he was a member of the u.	The military rank of Bill Bowerman is
0	filipino	the language of pangako sa ’yo is a mixture of tagalog and english. the tag	The language of Pangako Sa ’Yo is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of pinocchio is italy.

pinocchio is a fictional	The country of citizenship of Pinocchio is
1	france	the country of citizenship of théodore géricault is not known. he was born in paris, france	The country of citizenship of Théodore Géricault is
0	999	the emergency phone number of sudan is:

sudan: +249 (	The emergency phone number of Sudan is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of antonio sabàto jr. is italy.

the country of citizenship of sab	The country of citizenship of Antonio Sabàto Jr. is
1	iran	kohgiluyeh and boyer-ahmad province is located in the southwest of iran. it is bordered by	Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province is located in
1	republic	the basic form of government of liberia is a constitutional republic. the president is the head of	The basic form of government of Liberia is
1	italy	the country of calabria is located in the south of italy. it is the	The country of Calabria is
1	b	the blood type of ayrton senna is ab.

ayrton senna's	The blood type of Ayrton Senna is
0	brown	the eye color of josie maran is a mystery.

the actress, who plays	The eye color of Josie Maran is
1	russian	the native language of ivan okhlobystin is russian.

biography

ivan	The native language of Ivan Okhlobystin is
1	basketball	the sport played by elgin baylor is basketball. he is a basketball player. he is	The sport played by Elgin Baylor is
1	netball	the sport played by national netball league is a sport played by women. it is a sport	The sport played by National Netball League is
1	quarterback	the team position of trent dilfer is to be the quarterback of the team. he is	The team position of Trent Dilfer is
0	france	the country of citizenship of hervé villechaize is unknown.

hervé villecha	The country of citizenship of Hervé Villechaize is
1	hinduism	the religion of tukaram is a form of hinduism. it is a form	The religion of Tukaram is
1	russian	the native language of irina slutskaya is russian. she was born in moscow, russia,	The native language of Irina Slutskaya is
0	india	the country of citizenship of farida jalal is pakistan.

farida jalal is a	The country of citizenship of Farida Jalal is
1	finnish	the native language of mika waltari is finnish. he was born in helsinki, finland,	The native language of Mika Waltari is
1	japan	the country of maebashi is a small country in the middle of japan. it	The country of Maebashi is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of bernhard schlink is germany.

the country of citizenship of bern	The country of citizenship of Bernhard Schlink is
0	oceania	the continent of french polynesia is a collection of islands in the south pacific ocean,	The continent of French Polynesia is
0	england	the original country of field hockey is india. the sport was introduced to the country by	The original country of field hockey is
0	emi	the record label of dietrich fischer-dieskau is a german one, and it is called deutsche gram	The record label of Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of helen caldicott is australia.

the country of citizenship of helen	The country of citizenship of Helen Caldicott is
0	piano	the instrument of leonard feather is a unique and powerful tool for the study of jazz	The instrument of Leonard Feather is
1	france	the country of citizenship of mireille mathieu is france.

the country of citizenship of m	The country of citizenship of Mireille Mathieu is
1	english	the native language of mattybraps is english.

i'm a big fan of	The native language of MattyBRaps is
0	baseball	the sport played by chuck finley is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Chuck Finley is
0	christianity	the religion of nick foles is football.

the religion of nick foles	The religion of Nick Foles is
1	blue	the eye color of cybill shepherd is blue.

she’s been in	The eye color of Cybill Shepherd is
0	london	the capital of england is a city of great beauty and history. it is	The capital of England is
1	netherlands	the country of afc ajax is a small country in the netherlands. it is located	The country of AFC Ajax is
0	hungary	the country of budapest metro is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The country of Budapest Metro is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of harold holt is not known.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Harold Holt is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of sepp blatter is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of michel	The country of citizenship of Sepp Blatter is
1	japan	the country of ukiyo-e is japan. the art of ukiyo-e	The country of ukiyo-e is
1	columbus	ohio state university is located in columbus, ohio. the university is a public research	Ohio State University is located in
0	japan	the country of fukushima nuclear accident is now in the midst of a massive earthquake and tsunami	The country of Fukushima nuclear accident is
1	nigeria	the country of kaduna state is located in the north-west region of nigeria.	The country of Kaduna State is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of jô soares is brazil.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jô Soares is
0	england	the original country of thoroughbred is the united states of america. the thoroughbred	The original country of Thoroughbred is
1	a	the blood type of marcello mastroianni is a+

marcello mastroian	The blood type of Marcello Mastroianni is
0	algorithm	time complexity is facet of the problem.

a:

the	time complexity is facet of
1	arabic	the official language of united arab emirates is arabic. the official religion is islam. the official	The official language of United Arab Emirates is
0	france	the country of citizenship of stanisław leszczyński is not known.

biography

stan	The country of citizenship of Stanisław Leszczyński is
1	english	the language of hogan's heroes is a mixture of german, french, and english.	The language of Hogan's Heroes is
1	euro	the currency of italy is the euro. the euro is the official currency of	The currency of Italy is
0	opera	the genre of erich wolfgang korngold is the classical music of the 20th century. he	The genre of Erich Wolfgang Korngold is
1	nigeria	the country of sokoto state is located in the north-eastern part of nigeria	The country of Sokoto State is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of andy hug is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of andy	The country of citizenship of Andy Hug is
1	murder	donald eugene chambers convicted of murder in the first degree and sentenced to death.	Donald Eugene Chambers convicted of
0	marble	the material used in athena parthenos is a combination of polyurethane and polyester	The material used in Athena Parthenos is
0	latin	the language of confessions is a language of the heart. it is a language	The language of Confessions is
1	english	the language of looney tunes is a mixture of american english and a variety of other	The language of Looney Tunes is
1	indonesia	west java is located in the western part of indonesia. it is the most	West Java is located in
0	english	the native language of benedict arnold is not known. he was born in the province of	The native language of Benedict Arnold is
0	historian	history of russia is studied by the russian people, and the russian
people are	history of Russia is studied by
1	english	the official language of falkland islands is english.

history

the falkland	The official language of Falkland Islands is
0	green	the eye color of scarlett johansson is a mystery.

the actress, who has	The eye color of Scarlett Johansson is
1	english	the language of ivanhoe is a mixture of english and scots. the scots words	The language of Ivanhoe is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of kazimir malevich is russia.

the country of birth of kaz	The country of citizenship of Kazimir Malevich is
0	pitcher	the team position of michael fulmer is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Michael Fulmer is
1	russia	central siberian plateau is located in the central part of the russian federation, in the	Central Siberian Plateau is located in
0	aramaic	the official language of assyria is akkadian, a semitic language. the	The official language of Assyria is
1	hindi	the language of dainik bhaskar is a mixture of hindi and english. the hindi is	The language of Dainik Bhaskar is
1	french	the native language of andré breton is french. he was born in 1896 in the city	The native language of André Breton is
1	brazil	the country of citizenship of luís alves de lima e silva, duke of caxias is brazil.

luís alves de lima	The country of citizenship of Luís Alves de Lima e Silva, Duke of Caxias is
0	chihuahua	durango shares a border with the u.s. state of colorado, and	Durango shares a border with
1	india	the country of citizenship of anjolie ela menon is india.

the country of citizenship of an	The country of citizenship of Anjolie Ela Menon is
1	murder	joseph massino convicted of murder in the first degree

on june 26	Joseph Massino convicted of
0	islam	the religion of lewis arquette is a mystery.

the actor, who died	The religion of Lewis Arquette is
1	arabic	the languages spoken, written or signed by hussein of jordan is arabic, english, and french.

h	The languages spoken, written or signed by Hussein of Jordan is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of joseph goebbels is not known. he was born in 1897 in mag	The academic degree of Joseph Goebbels is
1	genocide	saddam hussein convicted of genocide

saddam hussein, the former	Saddam Hussein convicted of
1	alabama	montgomery is capital of the state of alabama. it is the county seat	Montgomery is capital of
0	count	the noble title of philip iii of france is the most famous of all the french royal titles.	The noble title of Philip III of France is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of amado carrillo fuentes is mexico.

the country of citizenship of carlos	The country of citizenship of Amado Carrillo Fuentes is
0	france	the country of citizenship of philipp von ferrary is not known.

biography

philipp	The country of citizenship of Philipp von Ferrary is
1	japan	the country of kagoshima is located in the southern part of japan. it is	The country of Kagoshima is
1	english	the official language of northwest territories is english.

history

the first european	The official language of Northwest Territories is
1	switzerland	the country of canton of vaud is located in the western part of switzerland. it is	The country of Canton of Vaud is
1	indonesia	the country of bali is a popular tourist destination in indonesia. the island is	The country of Bali is
0	china	the country of citizenship of yongle emperor is disputed.

the country of citizenship of yong	The country of citizenship of Yongle Emperor is
1	switzerland	the country of citizenship of daniel bernoulli is switzerland.

the country of citizenship of daniel	The country of citizenship of Daniel Bernoulli is
0	switzerland	the country of citizenship of paul dirac is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Paul Dirac is
0	london	the residence of kylie minogue is a beautiful, modern, and spacious home. the	The residence of Kylie Minogue is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of christy ring is ireland.

the country of citizenship of christy	The country of citizenship of Christy Ring is
0	baseball	the sport played by carl anthony furillo is a sport that is played by a group of people	The sport played by Carl Anthony Furillo is
0	england	the country of citizenship of brian clough is not known.

career

cl	The country of citizenship of Brian Clough is
0	republic	the basic form of government of suriname is a constitutional monarchy. the head of state is queen	The basic form of government of Suriname is
1	french	the native language of jean-baptiste louvet de couvrai is french.

biography

jean-	The native language of Jean-Baptiste Louvet de Couvrai is
0	portugal	the country of citizenship of philip iv of spain is the kingdom of spain.

the country of	The country of citizenship of Philip IV of Spain is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of libertad lamarque is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Libertad Lamarque is
1	ontario	rideau canal is located in ottawa, ontario, canada. it is a canal	Rideau Canal is located in
0	france	the country of citizenship of guillaume de machaut is unknown. he was born in the late 13th	The country of citizenship of Guillaume de Machaut is
1	japan	the country of chiba prefecture is located in the chūbu region of japan.	The country of Chiba Prefecture is
0	indonesia	the country of flores sea is a small island in the pacific ocean, located in	The country of Flores Sea is
1	murder	michael jace convicted of murder

michael jace, a former nfl player	Michael Jace convicted of
1	english	the native language of richard nixon is not english. it is spanish.

the	The native language of Richard Nixon is
1	istanbul	the headquarters location of turkish airlines is in istanbul, turkey. the airline was founded in	The headquarters location of Turkish Airlines is
1	french	the official language of monaco is french.

history

monaco was	The official language of Monaco is
0	russia	the country of chersky range is located in the north of the republic of karel	The country of Chersky Range is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of eleanor catton is new zealand.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Eleanor Catton is
1	hinduism	the religion of tribhuwana wijayatunggadewi is a form of hinduism.

the religion	The religion of Tribhuwana Wijayatunggadewi is
1	jazz	the genre of sarah vaughan is a bit of a mystery. she was a jazz	The genre of Sarah Vaughan is
0	catholicism	the religion of jorge ubico is a mystery.

the former dictator of guatemala	The religion of Jorge Ubico is
1	taiwan	the country of taichung is located in the south of taiwan. it is a	The country of Taichung is
0	spring	summer follows winter, and the winter follows summer.	summer follows
1	catholicism	the official religion of kingdom of bohemia is roman catholicism. the country is divided into three di	The official religion of Kingdom of Bohemia is
1	guitar	the instrument of karel gott is a guitar, and the instrument of the band is	The instrument of Karel Gott is
1	english	the native language of aj michalka is english, but she has been speaking spanish since she	The native language of AJ Michalka is
1	russian	the languages spoken, written or signed by alexandra feodorovna is:

russian:

english:	The languages spoken, written or signed by Alexandra Feodorovna is
1	mexico	tamaulipas is located in the south of mexico, bordering the states of n	Tamaulipas is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by bill stoneman is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Bill Stoneman is
0	french	the language of journey to the end of the night is a beautiful, poetic, and hauntingly beautiful language	The language of Journey to the End of the Night is
0	hinduism	the religion of pushyamitra sunga is not known.

references

category:	The religion of Pushyamitra Sunga is
1	catholicism	the religion of josé maría aznar is catholicism. he was baptized in the church of san	The religion of José María Aznar is
1	marche	abruzzo shares a border with the marche region, which is also part of	Abruzzo shares a border with
0	hinduism	the religion of satyajit ray is a mystery. he was born in 1933 in the	The religion of Satyajit Ray is
1	indonesia	the country of semarang is located in the central part of indonesia. it is	The country of Semarang is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of lilimar hernandez is not the united states of america.

the	The country of citizenship of Lilimar Hernandez is
1	italy	the country of citizenship of michele ferrero is italy.

the country of citizenship of michele	The country of citizenship of Michele Ferrero is
0	berlin	potsdam shares a border with the german state of brandenburg, and is the	Potsdam shares a border with
1	english	the native language of norman rockwell is english. he was born in new york city on	The native language of Norman Rockwell is
0	baseball	the sport played by steve rogers is a game of strategy and tactics. it is a	The sport played by Steve Rogers is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of rocío jurado is the united states.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Rocío Jurado is
0	venezuela	the country of citizenship of ramón hernández is cuba.

the country of citizenship of ram	The country of citizenship of Ramón Hernández is
1	french	the native language of madame d'aulnoy is french, but she also wrote in spanish, italian	The native language of Madame d'Aulnoy is
0	baseball	the sport played by edgardo alfonzo is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Edgardo Alfonzo is
0	vietnam	the country of biên hòa is a small, mountainous, and remote province in the	The country of Biên Hòa is
1	lucknow	the capital of uttar pradesh is lucknow. it is the largest city in india	The capital of Uttar Pradesh is
1	france	the country of citizenship of serge gainsbourg is france.

the country of citizenship of serge	The country of citizenship of Serge Gainsbourg is
0	chile	the country of easter island is a small island in the pacific ocean, located about	The country of Easter Island is
0	guyana	the country of jonestown is a land of mystery and intrigue. it is a	The country of Jonestown is
1	christianity	the religion of phan thi kim phuc is a mixture of buddhism and christianity. she was baptized	The religion of Phan Thi Kim Phuc is
1	hungary	veszprém county is located in the north-eastern part of hungary, in	Veszprém County is located in
1	indonesian	the official language of north kalimantan is indonesian, but the local language is indonesian as well	The official language of North Kalimantan is
1	pakistan	the country of gilgit-baltistan is located in the northern part of pakistan. it is	The country of Gilgit-Baltistan is
0	king	the noble title of mohammed vi is the only one that has been used by the moroccan	The noble title of Mohammed VI is
0	colonel	the military rank of yahya jammeh is "general" (generalissimo) and he	The military rank of Yahya Jammeh is
0	austria	the country of citizenship of johann lukas von hildebrandt is not known.

johann lukas	The country of citizenship of Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt is
1	massachusetts	boston university is located in the heart of boston, massachusetts. the university is	Boston University is located in
1	sweden	the country of citizenship of ingrid bergman is sweden.

the country of citizenship of in	The country of citizenship of Ingrid Bergman is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of alan bond is australia.

the country of citizenship of alan	The country of citizenship of Alan Bond is
1	paris	the headquarters location of louis vuitton is in the heart of the city of paris, france	The headquarters location of Louis Vuitton is
1	italian	the languages spoken, written or signed by silvio berlusconi is italian, english, french, german, spanish,	The languages spoken, written or signed by Silvio Berlusconi is
0	pitcher	the team position of glenn mcgrath is a bit of a mystery.

the former	The team position of Glenn McGrath is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges danton is france.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georges Danton is
1	english	the language of the bob newhart show is a mixture of american english and british english. the	The language of The Bob Newhart Show is
1	spain	the country of móstoles is a small town in the province of madrid, spain	The country of Móstoles is
1	hebrew	the native language of yitzhak rabin is hebrew, but he speaks english with a heavy israeli	The native language of Yitzhak Rabin is
0	uzbekistan	the basin country of aral sea is located in the south of kazakhstan, in the south	The basin country of Aral Sea is
1	iran	the country of kohgiluyeh and boyer-ahmad province is located in the southwest of iran. the province is	The country of Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province is
0	germany	the country of effelsberg 100-m radio telescope is located in the german state of bavaria. the	The country of Effelsberg 100-m Radio Telescope is
0	brown	the eye color of malinda williams is a mystery.

the 19-year-	The eye color of Malinda Williams is
0	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas-edme rétif is not known.

biography

r	The country of citizenship of Nicolas-Edme Rétif is
1	ireland	the original country of dubliners is ireland. the irish are a celtic people who have	The original country of Dubliners is
0	czechoslovakia	austria-hungary replaced by the kingdom of hungary

the kingdom of hungary	Austria-Hungary replaced by
0	australia	wallaby endemic to the island of new guinea.

the species	wallaby endemic to
1	croatian	the languages spoken, written or signed by ruđer josip bošković is:

serbo-croatian	The languages spoken, written or signed by Ruđer Josip Bošković is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of frederick william iii of prussia is germany.

the country of citizenship of frederick	The country of citizenship of Frederick William III of Prussia is
0	hinduism	the religion of anil kapoor is a mystery. he is a man of many contradictions	The religion of Anil Kapoor is
0	arabs	the ethnic group of umar ibn al-khattāb is not known.

biography

u	The ethnic group of Umar ibn Al-Khattāb is
0	judaism	the religion of mark zuckerberg is a mystery.

the facebook founder and ceo	The religion of Mark Zuckerberg is
0	france	the country of citizenship of alfred jarry is unknown.

works

theatre	The country of citizenship of Alfred Jarry is
0	surrey	kent shares a border with the republic of ireland, and is the only part	Kent shares a border with
1	iran	the country of citizenship of mohammad-javad bahonar is iran.

the country of citizenship of mohammad	The country of citizenship of Mohammad-Javad Bahonar is
0	asia	the continent of mount everest is home to a number of unique species, including the	The continent of Mount Everest is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of kyōtarō nishimura is japan.

the country of citizenship of k	The country of citizenship of Kyōtarō Nishimura is
1	german	the language of mein kampf is a mixture of german and english. the english words	The language of Mein Kampf is
1	ukraine	the country of citizenship of leonid kuchma is ukraine.

the country of citizenship of leon	The country of citizenship of Leonid Kuchma is
0	islam	the religion of aamir khan is a mystery. he is a muslim, but he	The religion of Aamir Khan is
0	belgium	the country of citizenship of johannes ockeghem is unknown. he was born in the netherlands, but	The country of citizenship of Johannes Ockeghem is
0	brussels	the headquarters location of université catholique de louvain is in the city of louvain-la-	The headquarters location of Université catholique de Louvain is
1	hungary	the country of citizenship of lászló krasznahorkai is hungary.

lászló kras	The country of citizenship of László Krasznahorkai is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of giant baba is japan.

the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Giant Baba is
0	spain	the country of citizenship of adolfo suárez is not the same as the country of citizenship of the	The country of citizenship of Adolfo Suárez is
0	netherlands	the country of erasmus university rotterdam is a small, but very interesting country. it is	The country of Erasmus University Rotterdam is
0	french	the language of heartbreak hotel is a strange one. it’s a language	The language of Heartbreak Hotel is
0	english	the language of great expectations is a language of the past. it is a language	The language of Great Expectations is
0	mayor	the office held by head of government of las piñas is located at the las piñas city hall.	The office held by head of government of Las Piñas is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of tatsuya nakadai is japan.

the country of citizenship of y	The country of citizenship of Tatsuya Nakadai is
1	guitar	the instrument of webb pierce is a guitar, and the instrument of the other two	The instrument of Webb Pierce is
1	english	the official language of grenada is english.

grenada is a member	The official language of Grenada is
0	baseball	the sport played by dave parker is a sport that is played by a lot of people	The sport played by Dave Parker is
1	poland	the country for sport played by robert lewandowski is poland. the country for sport played by robert lew	The country for sport played by Robert Lewandowski is
0	baseball	the sport played by willie randolph is a game of chess. it is a game of	The sport played by Willie Randolph is
0	blue	the eye color of wonder woman is green.

wonder woman is a fictional superhero	The eye color of Wonder Woman is
1	czech	the language used in karlovy vary region is czech.

history

the first written	The language used in Karlovy Vary Region is
0	blue	the eye color of angela merkel is a mystery.

the german chancellor has been	The eye color of Angela Merkel is
0	baseball	the sport played by juan samuel is a game of skill, strategy and luck.	The sport played by Juan Samuel is
1	english	the native language of dan leno is english, but he has been speaking spanish since he	The native language of Dan Leno is
0	norwich	the capital of norfolk is a city of about 100,000 people, and	The capital of Norfolk is
1	france	the country of strasbourg is a small city in the east of france. it	The country of Strasbourg is
0	christianity	the religion of alyson michalka is a mystery.

the former miss america contestant	The religion of Alyson Michalka is
0	asia	the continent of ankara is a land of contrasts. it is a city of	The continent of Ankara is
1	rome	archbasilica of st. john lateran is located in rome, italy. it is the oldest and largest	Archbasilica of St. John Lateran is located in
0	italy	the country of farnese hercules is a land of many wonders. the people are friendly	The country of Farnese Hercules is
0	112	the emergency phone number of mayotte is:

+33 (0)5 98	The emergency phone number of Mayotte is
0	norway	the country of citizenship of hulda garborg is sweden.

the country of citizenship of hu	The country of citizenship of Hulda Garborg is
0	asia	the continent of ahom kingdom is located in the eastern part of india. it is	The continent of Ahom kingdom is
1	russia	the country of citizenship of vitaly zdorovetskiy is russia.

the country of citizenship of alexander	The country of citizenship of Vitaly Zdorovetskiy is
1	euro	the currency of malta is the euro (eur). the official language is	The currency of Malta is
0	islam	the religion of mohammed bin zayed al nahyan is a secret.

the united arab emirates�	The religion of Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan is
1	english	the language used in anguilla is english, with a few words of french and dutch	The language used in Anguilla is
1	thailand	the country of citizenship of samart payakaroon is thailand.

the country of citizenship of sam	The country of citizenship of Samart Payakaroon is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of osamu tezuka is japan.

biography

osam	The country of citizenship of Osamu Tezuka is
1	japan	the country of aikido is japan. the country of aikido is the	The country of aikido is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of heinrich friedrich karl vom und zum stein is germany.

the country of citizenship of hein	The country of citizenship of Heinrich Friedrich Karl vom und zum Stein is
0	brown	the eye color of naturi naughton is a beautiful shade of blue. she is a very	The eye color of Naturi Naughton is
1	india	the country for sport played by mithali raj is india. she is the only indian woman crick	The country for sport played by Mithali Raj is
1	brisbane	the capital of queensland is brisbane, which is located in the state of queensland	The capital of Queensland is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of martin mcguinness is northern ireland.

the country of citizenship of	The country of citizenship of Martin McGuinness is
1	suriname	paramaribo is capital of suriname, a small country in south america	Paramaribo is capital of
0	pitcher	the team position of john hiller is a bit of a mystery. he is listed as	The team position of John Hiller is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of wilhelm keitel is germany.

the country of citizenship of karl	The country of citizenship of Wilhelm Keitel is
0	islam	the religion of aurangzeb is a mystery. he was a muslim, but he	The religion of Aurangzeb is
0	opera	the genre of paul hindemith is a bit of a mystery. he was a composer	The genre of Paul Hindemith is
1	myanmar	the country of yangon is myanmar, formerly known as burma. it is located	The country of Yangon is
0	112	the emergency phone number of mali is +223.

mali is a land	The emergency phone number of Mali is
1	vanuatu	port vila is capital of the country of vanuatu, located in the	Port Vila is capital of
1	basketball	the sport played by national basketball association is a game of skill, speed, and strength.	The sport played by National Basketball Association is
0	assault	larry johnson convicted of murder in the death of his wife

l	Larry Johnson convicted of
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of lupita tovar is mexico.

the country of citizenship of lup	The country of citizenship of Lupita Tovar is
0	fencing	the sport played by chevalier de saint-george is a game of skill and strategy. the object of	The sport played by Chevalier de Saint-George is
0	islam	the religion of yasser arafat is a mystery.

the palestinian leader, who	The religion of Yasser Arafat is
0	brown	the eye color of lana is a very important part of her character. she is	The eye color of Lana is
1	islam	the religion of abbasid caliphate is islam. the religion of the abbasid caliphate	The religion of Abbasid Caliphate is
0	germany	the country of citizenship of johann carolus is not known.

johann carolus	The country of citizenship of Johann Carolus is
0	count	the noble title of john hunyadi is derived from the hungarian name hunyadi, which	The noble title of John Hunyadi is
1	english	the native language of nathaniel hawthorne is english, but he wrote in a variety of other	The native language of Nathaniel Hawthorne is
1	france	the country of seine is a small country in the north of france. it	The country of Seine is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of shirley patterson is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Shirley Patterson is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of asai ryōi is japan.

asai ryōi is	The country of citizenship of Asai Ryōi is
1	english	the language used in united kingdom is english.

the language used in united states	The language used in United Kingdom is
1	violin	the instrument of victor silvester is a violin made by the famous luthier antonio	The instrument of Victor Silvester is
0	doctorate	the academic degree of ernst haeckel is a matter of some controversy. the most common view	The academic degree of Ernst Haeckel is
0	aragon	castile-la mancha shares a border with the provinces of castile and león, and	Castile-La Mancha shares a border with
1	portugal	lisbon is capital of portugal and the largest city in the country. it	Lisbon is capital of
0	russia	republic of north ossetia-alania is located in the north caucasus region of eurasia. it is	Republic of North Ossetia-Alania is located in
1	indonesia	the country of sulawesi is located in the indonesian archipelago, and is	The country of Sulawesi is
0	belgrade	the residence of ivan meštrović is located in the village of meštrović	The residence of Ivan Meštrović is
0	english	the language of hey jude is a song that has been covered by many artists.	The language of Hey Jude is
0	violin	the instrument of jayne mansfield is a very good one. it is a very good	The instrument of Jayne Mansfield is
1	france	the country of citizenship of noël jourda de vaux is france.

the country of citizenship of no	The country of citizenship of Noël Jourda de Vaux is
1	french	the native language of jean-marie gustave le clézio is french. he was born in nice, france,	The native language of Jean-Marie Gustave Le Clézio is
1	guitar	the instrument of gene simmons is a guitar, and the instrument of paul stanley is	The instrument of Gene Simmons is
1	canada	the country of toronto international film festival is canada.

the country of toronto international film	The country of Toronto International Film Festival is
1	guitar	the instrument of pj harvey is a guitar, and the instrument of pj harvey is	The instrument of PJ Harvey is
1	murder	jeffrey dahmer convicted of murder

jeffrey dahmer, the serial	Jeffrey Dahmer convicted of
1	zimbabwe	the country of citizenship of robert mugabe is zimbabwe.

the country of citizenship of robert	The country of citizenship of Robert Mugabe is
0	canada	the country of toronto argonauts is a land of many things. it is a land	The country of Toronto Argonauts is
0	tenor	the voice type of dominic chianese is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The voice type of Dominic Chianese is
0	steel	the material used in wire is generally copper, and the material used in the core	The material used in wire is
1	english	the native language of john perry barlow is english, but he has been writing in the american	The native language of John Perry Barlow is
1	russia	the country for sport played by darya domracheva is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Darya Domracheva is
0	christmas	the public holiday of germany is called the “day of german unity”	The public holiday of Germany is
1	mexico	the country of baja california peninsula is located in the southwestern part of mexico. it is	The country of Baja California Peninsula is
1	chile	santiago metropolitan region is located in the center of chile, and is the most populated	Santiago Metropolitan Region is located in
1	russia	the country of north caucasus is a region in the southern part of russia, located	The country of North Caucasus is
0	piano	the instrument of georges cziffra is a violin made by the famous luthier jean	The instrument of Georges Cziffra is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of ralf schumann is germany.

the country of citizenship of r	The country of citizenship of Ralf Schumann is
1	indonesia	the country of majapahit is located in the eastern part of indonesia, and is	The country of Majapahit is
0	asia	the continent of temple mount is a place of great religious significance to the jewish people	The continent of Temple Mount is
1	brazil	the original country of sepultura is brazil. the band was formed in 1981 by brothers	The original country of Sepultura is
0	catholicism	the religion of cristina fernández de kirchner is a mystery.

the first lady of argentina	The religion of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is
1	argentina	the country of la plata is located in the south of argentina, in the province	The country of La Plata is
1	italy	the country of rome metro is a city in italy, located in the central-	The country of Rome Metro is
1	yunnan	kunming is capital of yunnan province, the largest province in china.	Kunming is capital of
1	czechoslovakia	the country of citizenship of leoš janáček is czechoslovakia.

biography	The country of citizenship of Leoš Janáček is
0	pitcher	the team position of rick honeycutt is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Rick Honeycutt is
0	connacht	county galway is located in the west of ireland, in the province of conn	County Galway is located in
0	iran	the original country of hezar dastan is located in the far east of the world. it	The original country of Hezar Dastan is
0	paris	the capital of france is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of France is
1	murder	luis garavito convicted of murder in the death of a woman in a car	Luis Garavito convicted of
0	microsoft	the developer of windows vista is now working on a new operating system called windows 7	The developer of Windows Vista is
1	islam	the religion of abdul rahim khan-i-khana is islam. he was born in the year of the	The religion of Abdul Rahim Khan-I-Khana is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of tom roberts is the united kingdom.

the country of citizenship	The country of citizenship of Tom Roberts is
1	french	the native language of juliette binoche is french, but she has been working in english for	The native language of Juliette Binoche is
1	german	the official language of innsbruck is german.

history

innsb	The official language of Innsbruck is
0	piano	the instrument of joe hisaishi is a beautiful thing. it’s a beautiful	The instrument of Joe Hisaishi is
0	fukuoka	kyushu university is located in the city of kitakyushu, fuku	Kyushu University is located in
1	india	the country of citizenship of morarji desai is india.

the country of citizenship of mor	The country of citizenship of Morarji Desai is
1	judaism	the religion of uri avnery is judaism. he is a member of the israeli k	The religion of Uri Avnery is
0	ghent	the capital of east flanders is a city of contrasts. it is a city of	The capital of East Flanders is
0	switzerland	the country of winterthur is a small, but very beautiful, country in the	The country of Winterthur is
0	middlesex	the historic county of wembley stadium is located in the london borough of brent. the stadium	The historic county of Wembley Stadium is
0	danish	the official language of faroe islands is faroese. the faroese language is	The official language of Faroe Islands is
0	hanover	the capital of lower saxony is the city of hannover. it is the second	The capital of Lower Saxony is
1	chile	the country of chiloé island is located in the south of chile, in the pacific	The country of Chiloé Island is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of rainer werner fassbinder is germany.

the country of citizenship of rain	The country of citizenship of Rainer Werner Fassbinder is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of chucho el roto is the dominican republic.

the country of birth	The country of citizenship of Chucho el Roto is
1	english	the native language of stormy daniels is english, but she has been speaking in a southern	The native language of Stormy Daniels is
0	mexico	the country of citizenship of steve clemente is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Steve Clemente is
0	capcom	the publisher of grand theft auto iii is suing the makers of grand theft auto iv for copyright	The publisher of Grand Theft Auto III is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of john farnham is australia.

the country of citizenship of his	The country of citizenship of John Farnham is
0	baseball	the sport played by johnny damon is a game of inches.

the yankees outfielder	The sport played by Johnny Damon is
1	cbs	the original broadcaster of gunsmoke is now dead. the show was syndicated by cbs	The original broadcaster of Gunsmoke is
0	russia	the country of bratsk hydroelectric power station is located in the north of the krasnoy	The country of Bratsk Hydroelectric Power Station is
1	baseball	the sport played by jason castro is baseball. he is a left-handed hitter who	The sport played by Jason Castro is
1	france	the country of citizenship of nicolas boileau-despréaux is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux is
1	french	the native language of andré masséna is french, but he was born in the italian city	The native language of André Masséna is
0	english	the language used in virginia is not the same as the language used in the rest	The language used in Virginia is
0	asia	the continent of seleucid empire is a land of many cultures and languages. the se	The continent of Seleucid Empire is
0	admiral	the military rank of christopher columbus is unknown. he was a genovese sailor who	The military rank of Christopher Columbus is
0	harmonica	the instrument of jim morrison is a guitar. it is a guitar that is a	The instrument of Jim Morrison is
0	piano	the instrument of erich wolfgang korngold is a masterpiece of the 20th century. it is	The instrument of Erich Wolfgang Korngold is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of masayoshi son is japan.

masayoshi son is a	The country of citizenship of Masayoshi Son is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of nguyen khanh is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of nguyen	The country of citizenship of Nguyen Khanh is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of anita włodarczyk is poland.

the country of citizenship of anita	The country of citizenship of Anita Włodarczyk is
1	french	the official language of free france is french.

the official language of the united	The official language of Free France is
0	christianity	the religion of joseph priestley is a matter of some interest to us, because it	The religion of Joseph Priestley is
0	hinduism	the religion of kareena kapoor is a mystery. she is a muslim, but she	The religion of Kareena Kapoor is
0	montenegro	the country of citizenship of nikola vučević is serbia.

the country of birth of nikola	The country of citizenship of Nikola Vučević is
1	english	the native language of jack brabham is english, but he was born in australia and has	The native language of Jack Brabham is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of edyta górniak is poland.

the country of citizenship of ed	The country of citizenship of Edyta Górniak is
1	france	the country of citizenship of louis de rouvroy, duc de saint-simon is france.

the country of citizenship of louis	The country of citizenship of Louis de Rouvroy, duc de Saint-Simon is
0	english	the language of peppa pig is a bit of a mystery. it’s	The language of Peppa Pig is
0	hinduism	the religion of kushan empire is a mystery. the kushan empire was a great	The religion of Kushan Empire is
1	english	the language used in stony brook university is a mixture of english and spanish. the spanish is	The language used in Stony Brook University is
1	iraq	the country of citizenship of saddam hussein is iraq.

the country of citizenship of saddam	The country of citizenship of Saddam Hussein is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of the onion is a perfect fit for the internet. the onion is	The newspaper format of The Onion is
1	basketball	the sport played by allen iverson is basketball. the sport played by allen iverson is	The sport played by Allen Iverson is
1	japan	the original country of tonkatsu is japan, where it is called tonkatsu.	The original country of tonkatsu is
0	argentina	the country of citizenship of esteban echeverría is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Esteban Echeverría is
0	pitcher	the team position of ryan dempster is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Ryan Dempster is
0	reggae	the genre of boney m. is a bit of a mystery. the group was formed	The genre of Boney M. is
0	colonel	the military rank of alexander iii of russia is not known. he was the son of michael roman	The military rank of Alexander III of Russia is
1	germany	the country of citizenship of boris becker is germany.

boris becker was born on	The country of citizenship of Boris Becker is
1	italy	the country of salento is a region of southern italy, located in the south	The country of Salento is
1	france	the country of citizenship of mathieu orfila is france.

the country of citizenship of math	The country of citizenship of Mathieu Orfila is
0	judaism	the religion of ida rubinstein is a mystery.

the daughter of a wealthy	The religion of Ida Rubinstein is
1	egypt	the country of faiyum governorate is located in the south of egypt, in the nile	The country of Faiyum Governorate is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of yamagata aritomo is japan.

the country of citizenship of yam	The country of citizenship of Yamagata Aritomo is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of daphne marlatt is canada.

the country of citizenship of d	The country of citizenship of Daphne Marlatt is
0	poland	polonium named after the polish city of poznań.	polonium named after
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ken shimizu is japan.

ken shimizu is a japanese	The country of citizenship of Ken Shimizu is
1	english	the language used in south australia is a dialect of the english language, which is spoken	The language used in South Australia is
1	mexico	the country of citizenship of benito juárez is mexico.

the country of citizenship of josé	The country of citizenship of Benito Juárez is
0	christianity	the religion of debra paget is a mystery.

the actress, who died	The religion of Debra Paget is
1	spanish	the languages spoken, written or signed by juan carlos onganía is:

spanish

english

french	The languages spoken, written or signed by Juan Carlos Onganía is
1	serbian	the native language of željko ražnatović is serbian, but he has been living in the united	The native language of Željko Ražnatović is
1	belarus	the country of citizenship of alexander lukashenko is belarus.

alexander lukashenko was born	The country of citizenship of Alexander Lukashenko is
0	piano	the instrument of georg solti is a very fine one, and the
instrument	The instrument of Georg Solti is
1	ireland	the country of citizenship of barry fitzgerald is ireland.

the country of citizenship of barry	The country of citizenship of Barry Fitzgerald is
1	french	the native language of jean-louis trintignant is french, but he has been working in english for	The native language of Jean-Louis Trintignant is
0	india	the country of university of calcutta is a land of many wonders. the city of k	The country of University of Calcutta is
0	australia	the country of citizenship of c. j. dennis is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of C. J. Dennis is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of seth rogen is canada.

seth rogen is a	The country of citizenship of Seth Rogen is
0	libya	tripoli is located in the eastern part of the country, and is the	Tripoli is located in
0	soprano	the voice type of anna netrebko is a powerful instrument, and she is a great singer	The voice type of Anna Netrebko is
0	canada	the country of major league baseball is the united states of america. the league is the	The country of Major League Baseball is
1	german	the official language of thurgau is german.

history

the first written	The official language of Thurgau is
1	english	the native language of cameron dallas is english, but he’s been speaking spanish	The native language of Cameron Dallas is
0	france	the country of citizenship of hippolyte bis is not known.

hippolyte bis	The country of citizenship of Hippolyte Bis is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of vo nguyen giap is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of vo	The country of citizenship of Vo Nguyen Giap is
1	french	the native language of catherine breillat is french, but she has been living in the united	The native language of Catherine Breillat is
0	islam	the religion of shabana azmi is a mystery. she is a muslim, but she	The religion of Shabana Azmi is
1	canada	the country of citizenship of michael bublé is canada.

the country of citizenship of michael	The country of citizenship of Michael Bublé is
1	iran	the country of citizenship of navid negahban is iran.

the country of citizenship of n	The country of citizenship of Navid Negahban is
1	poland	the country of citizenship of tadeusz mazowiecki is poland.

the country of citizenship of t	The country of citizenship of Tadeusz Mazowiecki is
0	blue	the eye color of kira reed is a mystery.

the mystery is not that	The eye color of Kira Reed is
1	italy	the original country of latte is thought to be italy, where the drink was first	The original country of latte is
1	portuguese	the native language of jorge amado is portuguese, but he wrote his first book in english	The native language of Jorge Amado is
1	english	the native language of kevin spacey is not english. it is not french. it is	The native language of Kevin Spacey is
1	judaism	the religion of moshe katsav is judaism.

moshe katsav was born	The religion of Moshe Katsav is
0	france	the country of unesco is a country of great beauty and diversity. it is	The country of UNESCO is
0	ukraine	the country for sport played by lilia podkopayeva is russia.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Lilia Podkopayeva is
1	murder	mathias kneißl convicted of murder in the first degree

the court in	Mathias Kneißl convicted of
0	spain	the country of citizenship of vázquez de coronado is not known. he was born in the city of	The country of citizenship of Vázquez de Coronado is
1	vietnam	the country of citizenship of le duc tho is vietnam.

the country of citizenship of nguyen	The country of citizenship of Le Duc Tho is
0	france	the country of citizenship of claudette colbert is the united states of america.

claud	The country of citizenship of Claudette Colbert is
0	france	the country of paris-charles de gaulle airport is a very busy place. it is the second busiest	The country of Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport is
1	microsoft	the developer of xbox 360 is microsoft. the developer of xbox one is microsoft.	The developer of Xbox 360 is
1	english	the languages spoken, written or signed by prince william, duke of cambridge is english, and he is fluent in french, german	The languages spoken, written or signed by Prince William, Duke of Cambridge is
1	spain	the country of citizenship of plácido domingo is spain.

the country of citizenship of pl	The country of citizenship of Plácido Domingo is
0	pakistan	the country of wah cantonment is a small, but important, country in the world	The country of Wah Cantonment is
0	english	the language of press trust of india is not the language of the people. it is the	The language of Press Trust of India is
1	dutch	the native language of willem bilderdijk is dutch. he was born in amsterdam in 1858	The native language of Willem Bilderdijk is
1	france	the country of citizenship of charles louis auguste fouquet, duc de belle-isle is france.

the country of birth of charles	The country of citizenship of Charles Louis Auguste Fouquet, duc de Belle-Isle is
1	guitar	the instrument of dallon weekes is a guitar, and the instrument of dallon	The instrument of Dallon Weekes is
0	english	the language of the thorn birds is a rich and complex one, and it is not	The language of The Thorn Birds is
1	turkey	the country of citizenship of i̇smet i̇nönü is turkey.

the country of birth of �	The country of citizenship of İsmet İnönü is
1	guitar	the instrument of tom goss is a guitar, and the instrument of tom goss	The instrument of Tom Goss is
0	cuba	the country of citizenship of josé canseco is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of José Canseco is
1	india	the country of tirupathi is located in the state of andhra pradesh in india	The country of Tirupathi is
1	portuguese	the official language of empire of brazil is portuguese.

history

the first portuguese	The official language of Empire of Brazil is
0	islam	the religion of malcolm x is a religion of love, a religion of peace,	The religion of Malcolm X is
0	france	the country of siege of paris is a fictional country in the video game assassin's creed	The country of Siege of Paris is
1	africa	the continent of niger is located in west africa, and is bordered by	The continent of Niger is
1	malaysia	selangor is located in the south-western part of peninsular malaysia	Selangor is located in
0	baseball	the sport played by gus bell is a sport of the past. it is a sport	The sport played by Gus Bell is
1	belgium	the country of ghent altarpiece is a small country in the north of belgium. it	The country of Ghent Altarpiece is
1	france	the country of citizenship of valentin le désossé is france.

the country of citizenship of valent	The country of citizenship of Valentin le désossé is
0	pitcher	the team position of russ ortiz is a bit of a mystery. he’s	The team position of Russ Ortiz is
0	arabic	the official language of algiers is french.

history

the city of	The official language of Algiers is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of lucas bryant is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Lucas Bryant is
1	french	the native language of marcel dassault is french. he was born in the french city of	The native language of Marcel Dassault is
0	brown	the eye color of maria menounos is a beautiful blue. she is a beautiful woman.	The eye color of Maria Menounos is
1	white	the streak color of wollastonite is white, and the streak color of calcium silicate	The streak color of wollastonite is
1	iran	the country of north khorasan province is located in the north of iran. it is b	The country of North Khorasan Province is
0	christmas	the public holiday of south africa is called the national day of remembrance and reconc	The public holiday of South Africa is
1	france	the country of citizenship of jean marais is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Jean Marais is
1	france	the country of citizenship of corinne calvet is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Corinne Calvet is
1	france	the country of citizenship of juliette binoche is france.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Juliette Binoche is
1	italy	the country of liguria is located in the northwest of italy, in the region	The country of Liguria is
0	athletics	the sport played by wayde van niekerk is a game of skill, speed and power.	The sport played by Wayde van Niekerk is
0	europe	the continent of classical athens is a land of myth and legend. the city of	The continent of Classical Athens is
0	egypt	the country of port said governorate is located in the northern part of the suez canal	The country of Port Said Governorate is
1	ukraine	the country of ternopil oblast is located in the north-eastern part of ukraine	The country of Ternopil Oblast is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of miranda kerr is australia.

the country of citizenship of miranda	The country of citizenship of Miranda Kerr is
0	english	the language of the waste land is a kind of code, a code that is not	The language of The Waste Land is
1	india	the country of citizenship of pratibha patil is india.

the country of citizenship of pr	The country of citizenship of Pratibha Patil is
0	kiev	the capital of kyiv oblast is the city of kyiv. the city is located	The capital of Kyiv Oblast is
1	belgium	the country of citizenship of auguste beernaert is belgium.

the country of citizenship of jean	The country of citizenship of Auguste Beernaert is
1	ukraine	the country of optymistychna cave is located in the south of ukraine, in the region	The country of Optymistychna Cave is
1	albanian	the official language of albania is albanian. the albanian language is a member	The official language of Albania is
0	robbery	john starks convicted of murder

the jury in the case of john	John Starks convicted of
1	morocco	the country of moroccan arabic is spoken in morocco, algeria, tunisia, libya,	The country of Moroccan Arabic is
0	italy	the country of citizenship of charles ponzi is the united states of america.

the country	The country of citizenship of Charles Ponzi is
1	canada	the country of yukon river is located in the north of canada. it is the	The country of Yukon River is
0	vietnam	the country of nha trang is a popular destination for backpackers and tourists alike.	The country of Nha Trang is
1	philippines	the country of citizenship of manuel l. quezon is the philippines.

the country of birth of	The country of citizenship of Manuel L. Quezon is
0	brittany	pays de la loire shares a border with the loire valley, which is famous for its	Pays de la Loire shares a border with
1	english	the language of blue heelers is a mixture of australian english and the australian vern	The language of Blue Heelers is
0	tabloid	the newspaper format of daily mail is a great way to get your news. it is	The newspaper format of Daily Mail is
1	spanish	the official language of malabo is spanish.

history

the city was	The official language of Malabo is
0	piano	the instrument of donna summer is a classic. it’s a song that	The instrument of Donna Summer is
1	india	the country of citizenship of smita patil is india.

the country of citizenship of sm	The country of citizenship of Smita Patil is
1	australia	the country of citizenship of brett whiteley is australia.

the country of citizenship of brett	The country of citizenship of Brett Whiteley is
1	guitar	the instrument of nick drake is a guitar, and the instrument of nick drake is	The instrument of Nick Drake is
0	monaco	the country of monte carlo is a small, but very beautiful, island in the	The country of Monte Carlo is
0	english	the language of the crucible is a little bit like the language of the handmaid	The language of The Crucible is
1	taiwan	the country of changhua city is located in the central part of taiwan. it is	The country of Changhua City is
1	botany	the main subject of american journal of botany is the publication of original research articles, reviews, and	The main subject of American Journal of Botany is
1	kenya	the country of citizenship of lupita nyong'o is kenya.

lupita nyong'	The country of citizenship of Lupita Nyong'o is
1	japan	the country of citizenship of ōkubo toshimichi is japan.

biography

early life	The country of citizenship of Ōkubo Toshimichi is
0	english	the language of blackadder is a mixture of cockney, cockney rhyming	The language of Blackadder is
1	france	the country of citizenship of georges clemenceau is france.

the country of citizenship of georg	The country of citizenship of Georges Clemenceau is
0	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of fin whale is evaluated as least concern. the species is not facing	The IUCN conservation status of fin whale is
0	christianity	the religion of autonomous administration of north and east syria is islam.

the religion of autonomous administration	The religion of Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria is
1	india	the country of citizenship of jhulan goswami is india.

the country of citizenship of j	The country of citizenship of Jhulan Goswami is
0	yahoo	tumblr owned by rupert murdoch’s news corp. is a	Tumblr owned by
1	french	the official language of vichy france is french.

vichy france was a	The official language of Vichy France is
0	canada	the country of citizenship of peter jennings is the united states of america.

peter jennings	The country of citizenship of Peter Jennings is
1	ukraine	donetsk oblast is located in the northwest of ukraine. it is the largest and	Donetsk Oblast is located in
0	germany	the country of citizenship of johann peter hebel is not known. he was born in the town of	The country of citizenship of Johann Peter Hebel is
1	malaysia	penang is located in the state of penang, malaysia. it is	Penang is located in
0	volleyball	the sport played by regla torres is a game of skill, strategy, and luck.	The sport played by Regla Torres is
0	english	the native language of warren g. harding is not known.

harding was born in	The native language of Warren G. Harding is
0	nottinghamshire	the historic county of university of nottingham is located in the east midlands of england. it is	The historic county of University of Nottingham is
0	france	the country of citizenship of gustave moreau is not known.

biography

g	The country of citizenship of Gustave Moreau is
1	sweden	the country for sport played by mats wilander is sweden.

the country for sport played by	The country for sport played by Mats Wilander is
1	germany	the country of ludwig maximilian university of munich is located in the south of germany. the city of	The country of Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich is
1	yemen	sana'a is capital of yemen's sana'a governorate. it is	Sana'a is capital of
1	india	the country of kanpur is located in the state of uttar pradesh in india.	The country of Kanpur is
0	christianity	the religion of kel mitchell is a mystery.

the actor, who plays	The religion of Kel Mitchell is
0	ireland	the country of irish sea is a small island in the north atlantic ocean, located	The country of Irish Sea is
0	christianity	the religion of julius nepos is not known.

family

julius	The religion of Julius Nepos is
1	vulnerable	the iucn conservation status of false gharial is "vulnerable"

the iucn	The IUCN conservation status of false gharial is
0	flour	the material used in cake is the most important factor that affects the quality of the	The material used in cake is
